 berniesanders bernie  your horrible policy will cause the shutdown of an incomparable number of businesses and factories.
 stupette1974  catarinascats1  jaketapper  popehat get your facts straight  nyc has 329 confirmed cases of measles .
t4   nice shutdown inning for ralston  who records his second 1 2 3 frame of the day      the inning featured a pair .
wheeling island hotel casino racetrack suing over shutdown of sports betting app   wtrf  .
force shutdown   .
 hyndrid it may be faster but nahhh i ll pass  i just set my receiver to never do an auto shutdown and same for my .
 govnuclear  buildgreenus  grc2001  geoenergist but geo thermal fluctuates and is temporary  example  i live next t .
 is trying to shutdown our website  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 darkflare6  necro techmage oh  definitely not  but let s just say i had enough time to install an emergency shutdo .
 bitcoin  j8keb  jack  cocacola that said  i dont even want  jack to shutdown your account    id rather he give y .
this time the following week  you ll be partying to up with us for cinco de mayo  the music is going to be loud  th .
cusick allowed a triple but gets out of the inning with a flyout to left  deacs get the shutdown inning they needed .
 user47  flyingphotog i also saw during the shutdown that some people view indirect taxes  like on aviation fuel  t .
after another forced shutdown   issued from a stupid idiot on the net   i ask this person to identify him herself to .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better   in explaining ho .
us government shutdown proves the need for an emergency fund  drcorysfawcett  .
trump summons thousands back to work without pay as shutdown drags on   the new york times   .
 33643pts yes i really think he couldnt shutdown shaq  better have tried and failed.
 betamaxloss basically can only stay focused for 4hrs max per day  more and i m running on low battery  leads to me .
so my dual xeon  96gb ram workstation that i m using as a vm host doesn t like having especially external hard driv .
 croatis also i think he has like one even strength goal in his playoffs career  when johnny gets shutdown this guy cant score either .
how you shut down the nation s longest running public aquarium  via  natgeo.
actually  its     this week   jack please shutdown the  bitcoin account  because whoever runs it is clearly a disi .
 pamva65  denisethornton  jasperokaye  usatodaydc republicans control the senate  you know how govt works  right    .
 skynews 30 000 new protesters  on monday comming all roads will be blocked  and a completely  shutdown ect.
 deviiiced  lhx7  shutdown.
 arrowheadlive  itslilmooney we need a shutdown corner  and i hope ward is it  we need a guy that we can put on an .
lxer  five commands to check linux system shutdown reboot date and .
 georgechings  mimmitwit  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope the zim g .
what is a  labor  union   say it louder for those in the back    txaflcio  1u  unionbase  shutdown .
jokic needs to come to play in this game  he has been shutdown down this series.
 clistonbrown  ser1897  dacedolores like this one  perhaps     the margins are rather similar .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube   extinctionrebellion.
we gotta get bruh back to la .
trump promised tariff relief to america s farmers  but the shutdown left thirty seven thousand in the cold  .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 gsteck74  dgpurser they are the enemy of the people and should be shutdown  management should be charged with treason .
 reaiizt i just sent it  i hope it makes a few people giggle or smile before the shutdown  .
playing  now      shutdown  by  darkovibes    partypressure     w  djbongogh x  sabogsa      lakesidepartyabono.
damnnnnn derek with the shutdown .
that was a really great and quick shutdown inning there from kluber  sharp  too bad they didnt score the inning before .
 juliedicaro troll accounts that dont get shutdown on twitter  nooo   if its not a bot then someone is challenged .
 vrex7  bikemanstream only new broadcasters and ignoring those who were already supporting  they figured  they are .
time for me to beg for a shutdown inning   sfgiant  diadedutch .
dlo got ice in his his veins fr.
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  .
what is a  labor  union   say it louder for those in the back    txaflcio  1u  unionbase  shutdown .
rossdressforless southernnevadahealthdistrict   fox5vegas  news3lv  ktnv mayoroflasvegas this store should be shutd .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 tinker bell 04 wow  this is sad      the house needs to impeach  the senate won t but he will be crushed by the proc .
iphone6siphoneapple   iphone .
 pibblecollector  banewhitaker  snowbot00  jasondaigle  blueskyvalerie1  astros fan 1  mdcanniff  wpjenna .
dnyeman m w gouvman americain an te  shutdown  akoz bidj kongr a potko vote  sa te koz yo pat ka menm peye anp .
this game is horrible to dump with an xbox 360     there are sooooo many tiny files that it takes over 2 hours to du .
 venmo venmo is a scam and i cant wait for you to be shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump bullcrap  3 trillion dollar deficit  no universal health care  tax giveaway to the rich  cuts to s .
the helsinki summit was july 16  2018     i want live public televised hearings   i want to start with  was sco shutd .
 ochanya e30  ayeesha1709  bammybestowed laaaaate  never  this whole thread is a pre party   we just getting warmed .
 aishacmuq   cofffeee as to what i observe  business who start to decline and not make profit usually shutdown  if .
 very interesting read about the  aaf demise  finances  but why did he not partner with .
12 days of drunk            shutdown      .
conspiracy theory  national parks open for free on 4 20 so that they can write a ton of tickets for pot smokers and .
i can hang wit my son all day no problem just me and him  he really be chillin .
97  ccna  shutdown  no shutdown  6h 691h.
put him in the jail if mulana diesal party has intention of challenging the rit of riasatay pakistan   nobody shoul .
here is the real problem   we know  muellerinvestigation was shutdown by barr  yet our day to day lives mean rather .
 ianstclair  profootballhof loved watching him when i was younger  our first shutdown corner .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled   .
ok julio    time for one of those shutdown innings ive read so much about .
 siasatpk put him in the jail if diesal party has intention of challenge the rit of riasatay pakistan   nobody shou .
saw this at the gov shutdown  amp  wall shit my gawd can these politicians drop dead already .
 jamessurowiecki  elias isquith  heerjeet  jbouie  jhweissmann its wavered several time  his approval plummeted s govt shutdown .
 sharing       getting good grades      oh great      ummm    do you still have that whisky glass with you  there might b .
 nickguitar1776  lindapearl2 joe digenova is one of the most knowledgeable lawyers   love his shutdown of this fake news anchor.
 7 clare the culture inquiry was all a charade bridges has a pattern of behaviour where he holds an inquiry to shut .
 realdonaldtrump oh yeah  then there s the 64 6  million spent on 19 golf trips to mar a lago  not including the tr .
 mitchellvii remember the schumer shutdown  trump offered them amnesty for twice as many daca recipients as obama a .
truth be told if im still on social media aint nothing really bothering me that bad  now if i shutdown  amp  disappear  thats another story.
 ron shanks21  mzhy 99  davidhogg111 respectfully  rr disagrees  uniforms make the 1 look like the other 99  how do .
 rothschildmd i thought praying medic shutdown shop  is he back again .
 1keecho  john50140083  tesla at least tesla pays their employees  our govt went into shutdown and made employees w .
 mizdonna  steph93065  drpainsinfo  chriswray3  doodlestrks  salty dawg69  nhmommy1  scotttbrower1  superelitee .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
dying to live   .
 barnacules i got muted long before that change you used to like make jokes it was not in till i criticized you abo .
our ceo s response to a potentially divisive question during a recent event was particularly notable  he immediatel .
being around a whole bunch of mfs dont excite me i get irritated  .
smokin some tree and kicking it talking about new business ideas on a beach type vibes  gt  gt  gt .
 leratokganyago next thing you ll hear i ve been hacked .
if  randyrrquaid isnt convincing  i dont know what is   shutdown  .
 gilbert458  msnbc  maddow so you are one of those masochist trumpers  donny is  amp  will make lives miserable for his .
most miserable shutdown ever   lol i dont think any of us could walk after it was done      .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify     .
 gilbertpharmd  bherrm59  ashp empharm some of it is just a marker for severity  super sick   txa  less sick   no t .
 itsmecathi serious answer      yes  here is a pic of trump working to avoid the government shutdown at a completel .
 bafana nhlapo im currently in paris and to see the total shutdown because of this notre dame  if only the same ef .
automatic repair was unable to repair your pc  great  clicked advanced options  then shutdown and continue with .
 gmanisq  joshtpm i m banking on mueller anticipating an abrupt shutdown which was on the brink of happening  we no .
 sweetiewalker  m2670art  becpt  marklevinshow  sentedcruz i actually have been for a permanent partial government .
tree across road  rt29nb between rt3 exit and rt666 exit  culpeper so expect delays find alt route  lh lane shutdown.
 braincommando  onezim2  matigary the wifi in the tube is not accessible to everyone  it depends on your mobile net .
 waco  ih 45 nb 190 fatality crash shutdown  reroute mm 189 freestone co.
youtube disabling certain channels comment section feels like the equivalent of the govt shutdown  when will it end .
 gmasuerox  desertcrewdog  liz wheeler blablabla  we real americans will re elect donald trump in 2020  then watch .
 lydiamilller  realdonaldtrump or the reason he even talked about them  cause due to the government shutdown he bou .
what are shutdown innings.
group of minnesota parents calls for shutdown of child protective services .
power shutdown in jmuparts .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 discordapp you should add a shutdown mode where only the owner and people with administration can see the server while no one else can .
 philipleff why are they running so few trains this weekend  its not even the shutdown yet .
here we go  jt  shutdown inning from the jump and let s roll from there .
trying to enjoy myself at busch gardens but literally every ride ive attempted to get on has been shutdown i even .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown .
t2  no problems for luke in 2nd frame  shutdown inning for junior  10 pitches this time  seven strikes  popout to b .
 twitter  onukakmfonobong  nikobassy  clinton vice b  mr preshus  holysaintbj  eja87084864  blessing fridae .
e6   brown 6  columbia 1    big shutdown frame for delano .
holland shutdown 1st inning with some assist from the ump  that curve called a strike       sfgiants.
 oyorooms  riteshagar  bjp4india  government should control it company like oyo cheating customers and looting cust .
let s see the sixers with another shutdown 3rd here .
 st0ckm0nster awesome as always  thank u for this  one thing that keeps bugging me is how ceo blamed govt shutdown .
 essenceoflight     a mental shutdown  what do you mean .
 gold blooded5  small1ldy1  andrewmmedina  maddow  speakerpelosi she s all that and more   but she better get a dam .
 newedensurvival this monster is what you have to face  do not kill it though  if you kill it you will trigger a me .
    americans don t want a govt shutdown  but if this is the price that must be paid to protect democracy  better t .
 bitchassbowie   atelierblanc does this seem familiar to a certain youtube channel that got shutdown .
the energy at  silkshutdown events are crazy   the shutdown is no exaggeration.
 gsuite  googlecalendar  verge can access my google   again  why shutdown  what next.
somebody needs to start a  googledeadpool with a list of products and bets on when they will be abandoned     sidebet .
n c a a  proposal to curtail graduate transfers is voteddown .
 asheeshksi  capehartj congress is already investigating     congress was already investigating     democrats have had .
alright  just got x11 working on my rx 560    really smooth  until it crashed  d did so when starting firefox  coul .
 karyan1ryan mueller investigation took 42 million from manafort so it actually made money  unlike trumps voter fra .
fauxtus  amp  corrupt gop obstruct justice  separate families  shutdown govt while ignoring election interference  spre .
 frankmartin sc  jasonludwig  jharden13  amp  the keeper of  best man shutdown  d on this planet hath spoken   amp  he even .
behold dani just basking in me having a complete mental shutdown when i visited the studio.
paradise lost  burnout paradise shutting down servers in august  .
a casino operator is suing a tech company after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betting platform at two wes .
anyone want to shutdown dudley.
friday  april 26th  cinmakeloveday checklist   cable bill paid  dvr set  tissues ready  phone to be in shutdown mode .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown a simple tweak of the windows 10 registry file can elimi .
bbm         .
bbm         .
who wouldnt be angry at being falsely accused  harnessed  amp  belittled in the media all day everyday yet  amp  although .
  zack thompson25 puts up a shutdown inning in the seventh     m7   ut 4  uk 2    schultz  collett  shelby and reed due up .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
 jamilahtemfack mais a se peut pas ils vont shutdown lcole .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 ser1897  dacedolores  clistonbrown in other words  i dont see why drumpf cannot be humiliated politically  and  a .
finally a statement from charlie ebersol      makes it seem like this thing really was all dundons fault      .
which of the following modes will provide retrieval of a previous computing session with the least amount of boot u .
 bucko19891  99freemind lol you re a bot on a farm and i just pinged you re ip time too take out the trash  burn yo .
last tweet bago mag shutdown cellphone ko.
 tecnomobileng my dreams was shutdown bcoz i miss a serious man i life if am opportune l will be not let you guys d .
it might sound unpopular  but either muellers investigation was shutdown or he did a pretty shitty job  mind you  p .
 drscriptt  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen i didn t know about the windows shutdown command until now  .
 dvvidmurray get her on shutdown all star remix.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
its shutdown zoos  circuses  and seaworld gang forever.
 thom hartmann  jersey craig fauxtus  amp  corrupt gop obstruct justice  separate families  shutdown govt and endanger .
 ethanhu94374063  totemtommy234  borderlands  amd  amdgaming i plan to vote with my wallet and explain my vote unti .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation .
 tlllfoundation awww u guy really need more fame thats y u guys target  kanganaranaut huh   because i checked your .
 junior mynt  ewarren  maddow how about that  11 billion dollars your darling trumpster cost the american economy d .
shutdown.
 dh010447  moviepass haha  so naive   the bldg will be shutdown before moviepass will give you tickets .
this is why you don t just lazily slap grinders in your bottom six  playoffs are about small edges  dallas has shut .
 brandondarby  tomfitton its so comforting to know that the mexican army is armed to the teeth to stop people comin .
 intcreator  realdonaldtrump since the shutdown was for blatantly political reasons  there was no reasonable compro .
 khaleedp1 jet airways is shutdown and its employees remain unpaid for months .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown   techrepublic     cybersecurity  infosec  .
 tazanna sandra not enough .
 josue8502   cponline yes   it was confirmed in original cp 2017 but cp shutdown   .
 le meh   world socialism  officialspgb  if an unexpected shutdown results in homelessness for a worker then it s .
   error           warning                      shutdown   .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation  .
delighted to debut our new boat with the rhythm of a government shutdown .
 jackcurryyes  yesnetwork shutdown the weight room roll out the yoga mats.
i was doing my final assignment and my computer just shutdown i m on the verge of a breakdown.
 snaums jup  dauert aber ein paar sekunden  wei ne wie lange es nach shutdown dauert     nach neu verbinden war wieder alles kurz weg.
mau garap skripsi  udah nyalain laptop  eh wifinya lemot  auto shutdown laptop  bobo lagi  .
 thomaskaine5 doesn t have big enough teeth  corporations will just laugh at you     what will work is a country wide .
if judge is hurt i hope we shutdown andujar for the year.
 thedailybeast this is not news we need to hear on the 20th anniversary of the  columbine tragedy  especially in vi .
 raski s father of yellow bones  from the house of 11pm shutdown .
detroit news crash causing pole to lean over roadway leaves gratiot south of hall road shutdown .
 jmsabin10 jeff  xxgejamoxx  choosetobfree  kamalaharris  realdonaldtrump oh  he criticized the polices action whe .
 djpazzer  world socialism  officialspgb a worker can always find a similar job he s skilled at a different competi .
 realdonaldtrump yes over 200 000 jobs have been created making minuim wages those jobs at kfc and mcdonalds you st .
 sengarypeters every time theres a government shutdown the parks are closed  their entry fees and concessions ough .
 ivankatrump  realdonaldtrump why thank ethiopia  the usa paid for your vacation  isn t that what republicans calle .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
 realdonaldtrump   821contd   countdown563     shutdown   good    lessgovernment    big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
shutdown timer 1 2 7 2  .
  i respect your opinion  i cant predict the future  i just think based on precedent it will play much differently .
so with this whole government shutdown shit when is it wasteful to cop more than the 1 day world over your eyes  wh .
kung ako sa  yo meng    i ll start posting a lot of photos with aa  amp  friends   para ma immune na ang mga haters pa .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation  .
 choosetobfree  kamalaharris  realdonaldtrump remind me when he called for a total and complete shutdown of anyth .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in  cybersecurity .
 anelemda let s call for a total shutdown of good friday and christmas day since both commemorate jesus.
 realdonaldtrump son you can keep saying this  but you were not exonerated   plus if youre so innocent why did you .
 jtlevy to the people who keep saying 2020 is right around the corner  that the voters will soon have their say  i .
 bless shutdown  preta sereia  leratokganyago because he filled up fnb he think he made it i guess    .
try me up    size me up   bo a   constricta    get bitter   better type of snake   fake can t function off the weig .
even better to have a shutdown inning on the mound to follow   stlcards.
 realdonaldtrump  happy420  reasons to say hell no to  trump2020 tax scam bill  trade wars  govt shutdown  tried to .
ho jwang easter shutdown  puleng tse kana .
power shutdown .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
follow  flyingwithsara shes the badass leader of the flight attendants union who threatened a general strike  endi .
 snagwire i have built in automatic shutdown 2 .
 wait for the storm    its never a bed of roses for long    lets hold on to this weekend   because the tories wan .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 nocongressrep  wgbone  thehill tax man  amp  boner  the media  the demorat socialists  the colleges have shutdown free .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 simxgill prob gonna get shutdown.
reminder that our leaders are trying to build a flying highway next to the bqe to replace its induced demand during .
i would reserve my comments about  tizeti and  wifisupport1 hotspot in amuwo odofin is doing but for now it is a co .
i m trying to learn the status of the emoluments lawsuit brought by maryland and d c  against trump  but the latest .
 lisannasaakira  1kcobi ever since backpage shutdown its been a drought .
imagine brandon morrow being shutdown due to arm soreness after being run to the ground by dave roberts and maddon  lol.
 scottpresler  aprildryan that s right   aprildryan  you need to sit down and shutdown your mouthpiece don t be thr .
can we shutdown yu and bring back morrow instead   cubs.
total shutdown  vgma20 nominees jam .
 thomas1774paine we aren t going to shutdown ice  they are our first line of defense against illegal immigration .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation .
kumasi mall was shutdown  vgma20 nominees jam.
paying salaries one would think is the most basic form of contract but promoters too often are ok not paying  unfat .
 carstenbkk  rydesaurusrex  vakeraj  mikeinspace  thechaz  rassah  bitcoin  petermccormack will not happen  as it m .
 sxvageduck rbx  tarajius china  i asked the deputy attorney general and he said im fine because my campaign was shutdown.
the only thing the gop can rely on now is a sympathy defense  they are trying hard to play on our sympathy strings  .
guys  i added google applications back due to terabyte services shutdown  i will write application center for hr soon .
.
crash causing pole to lean over roadway leaves gratiot south of hall road shutdown .
 mukeshgalaxy emergency shutdown in area expected restoration duration hrs   0000 hrs 30 mins.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 dominic80259466  preta sereia  leratokganyago ever since the fallout with riky  nigga seems to be losing it.
 realdonaldtrump to be clear i blame both parties for the shutdown  the republicans for starting it and the democra .
 realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr nope   gnp dropped in half from a year ago   wages stagnant   inflation climbing  .
thank you for this shutdown reply  .
 whaechan uma hora a bateria tem q acabar n  normal sdfghjhgfd shutdown quase forado.
all flights cancelled   runway shutdown  bhytes1  rupaul  michellevisage .
 one former navy seal turn congressman said the pay he earns during the federal government s .
 videocon d2h i suggest you to shutdown your company or provide service regularly   kindly resume my service or last .
nice win by    shutdown performance by shook  amp  kerry w  the big hit by berryhill  gamecocks.
 ericslosingit yes   i thought he was already on shutdown    .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 livingseason set that get shutdown lol.
obligaciones del oficio   encendido despus de electrical shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump it is a big fat waste of time taxpayers paying for you to spend your time playing golf  paying for .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
as hamilton s first provincially sanctioned pot shop prepared to open its doors  the provincial pot team looking to .
headsup  street paving in the inner sunset has finished early  regular  njudah train svc will resume tomorrow w  th .
the crash caused a pole to lean over the road  .
 sirgoldenrod  lobselvith8  anaphoristand  ostrov a  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump please listencarefully     trump was c .
 bless shutdown ausi mufasa.
 americanduck8  felix sicard probably not  problem is its hard to shutdown that top line.
another great 1 2 3 shutdown inning from van eyk      end 6   fsu 5 1 uva.
dry your eyes ffs   climatehoax  extinctionrebellion   heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as the .
 phemomashiqa  leratokganyago wtf look at lkg s reply even had a heart emoji mara ke our mufasa wapeinelwa these da .
 realdonaldtrump  doj  fbi  shutdown  ciarouge    heroin 99   humantraffick 100     billionusd pay  lies .
 chanspasha51 doesn t being freedom fighter all imp in itself   should i say  he was captured by brits and tortured  .
 realdonaldtrump costed much much less than your nonsense trips to mar a lago wasting roughly 100 million taxpayer .
the mentees expressed excitement at the restart of the forums as the office shutdown had affected the mmf project  .
 mr huma there are guys like bo riky who have nice tunes like you and i but never gets airplay  nigga doesn t whine .
ryan froom with a shutdown top of the fifth     jackrabbits continue to hold a 5 2 lead over western illinois in first of two.
thieves  dirty bombshutdownbombbomb .
 frankfigliuzzi1  medit8now  msnbc  richardlui barr prematurely shutdown the mueller investigation.
shutdown frame from kemp in the seventh     we send benny  wingo and george to the plate  down 6 4  .
whenever i think of the recent shutdown ndinobva ndaseka hanguvamwe takahwanda mufridge.
one week ahead of the  ltrainslowdown a useful guide to what we know and don t know about the project  .
total shutdown nominees jam  vgma20.
nominees jam was a total shutdown  vgma20.
 tdtmarcushood yeah we were all ready then the shutdown and new furnace lol   ford flex.
 realdonaldtrump the longest shutdown in history causing us over  5 billion  1 american country without power for mo .
concours de cernes   qui veut jouer    shutdown .
white house memo  i do not remember  trump gave a familiar reply to the special counselsqueries .
 enchanting1015  yenpark95 i love how yoongi didnt like shutdown the reporter like in mean way he shut him down in .
 aetheriumanimo liza thinks  and rethinks and she really can t find anything on the hard drive of her mind that d j .
 realdonaldtrump lets review the billions wasted in your unnecessary government shutdown  shall we  .
 shmeages  realdonaldtrump .
exactly  trumps ego is his weakness   he can easily be goaded into unforced errors  ala the shutdown  when his but .
on location filming my youtube video  this wall is next to my childhood arcade  which shutdown many years ago  the .
really wish i stayed in the country id have a fire going right now with all this yard work lol.
did you know uc davis saved over  40 000 during the holidays by shutting off heating  cooling and lighting when the .
shop with my brodie  building our own kreative universe  .
 bunniimelon jake powerful shutdown.
 jamescleverly shes in the right one if she wants to protest your party and leaders gross injustices against voc ip .
 anthoxyloto  simonlomax73 there was a big celebration in 01 for this 30th anniversary  he completely shutdown time .
 dbkahn shorter shutdown with fairly well thought out mitigation and years of notice  allowing l train riders to ma .
oseikrom was shutdown  vgma20.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
exactly  like ted cruise with the aca gov shutdown  senators calling for house impeachment proceedings are simply p .
translation  if us treasury can lend their gold to the fed  would that enable the fed to print more money without i .
 shutdown .
jaguar land rover starts brexit shutdown  .
congrats to the king of music next stop indigo o2 shutdown is a shutdown  iamkissdaniel .
 ananavarro  tinamarie88888 fauxtus  amp  corrupt gop obstruct justice  separate families  shutdown govt and endanger c .
   former chief economist for the gov shutdown  congressional salaries exempt from that decision .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines south of reagan national airport .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump tired of trumps empty threats to stop illegals   trump has done nothing material t .
shutdown.
no one is blindly trusting  speakerpelosi  most are choosing to trust her bc she has shown time  amp  again that she s .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
 athigeleba my ovaries just shutdown nervous breakdown just watching this.
 ann cannon  suebee1410 been saying this for awhile he got shutdown plain and simple.
 benfranklin2018 1600 penn ave  organic anti scrump protesting  15mar  17feb  20dec  local city  downtown  govt qua .
metzdorf with a shutdown  1 2 3 inning on just nine pitches and capped with a swing and a miss      birdball .
 rammadhavbjp shutdown facebook and come up with indian alternative which will be under indian laws .
 giizhigokwe01  zackstaylor1 yes  because that s how the game works  one may openly criticize  amp  discuss each and ev .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us  via  businessinsider.
         shutdown.
 jetairways shutdown worrisome   20 000 families will suffer undue hardships because of the loss of jobs  .
ladies  gentlemen and stoned kids of all ages  shutdown  twitter today  we have the undisputed winner        420day .
both adulterers  one got caught dealing in the same opioids that trump claims is such an epidemic that he wants to .
 davetegner  sethabramson lifted days before the initial push  amp  subsequent govt shutdown over the  5billion border .
far left democrat calls for hunger strike to abolish ice  via  youtube  enough of this bullsh .
new mexicos governor cunt and acljew team up to demand shutdown of boomerwaffen border death squads  daily stor .
 casspernyovest  leratokganyago im kinda late someone balance me real quick .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
experienced surprsingly sloppy service on  airvistara uk 819 to  bengaluru tdy   maybe complacency from the reduced .
 charlsmeow any news about cubs kimbrel  now morrow is shutdown  hes not gonna pitch again this year imo  will theo .
what are  they  doing to us now  how much longer can  they  harm us before shutdown  dont know much about this war .
 plasticdoe  kmerian  golfergirl2018  rpratt039  roguetrader84  emmagpaley  tylerg927  boglethemind  mclellandshena .
oakland greedy williams cb    with the top pass rushers off the board  oakland instead looks to shore up their second .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world                         romila t .
 onebuckresume headlined via msnbc at dailyfinance   .
 temptressviper  tayathegoddess nah   i was not looking to berate or hassle you   these kind of conversations get s .
dear  windows   update and shutdown  button  is the most useless and annoying thing in this whole fucking universe  stop torturing us .
 amoneyresists  nypost ny post should be boycotted and forced to shutdown.
 hoarsewisperer perfect example  taking the ball home  gov shutdown  .
two things made c amp o national historical park different than most years  one  the never ending volume of rain   secon .
thapar argues    the colonial view  rooted in two nation theory  which sees only hindus as legitimate citizens amp cult .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown   listen on spotify    .
 gopchairwoman i suppose the longest government shutdown in u s  history was obama s fault .
 flyingmariner it s very sad and bad if you know your company shutdown very soon i hope jet restart very soon and a .
 officialcbc so what are you doing to change that  also what are you doing to redirect  taxmoney back to people lil .
holy   now its at keeneland  they have to find out whats going on  santa anita has to be shutdown until this is .
 lehner4vezina he played really well last game  hopefully it continues  hes kind of like a very young orpik when h .
 rudygiuliani  jaysekulow no  he wasn t indicted  that s not the same thing  the only reason he wasn t indicted is .
strong 1 2 3 shutdown inning for tanaka .
 esteemmagazine1  sara rose g wave goodbye to your advertisers      reported and look forward to your account being shutdown .
 rhonda harbison  maddow counterintelligence operations worked with mueller    they are not shutdown with mueller.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
while its hard to gauge the number of drivers that actually sat out for the april 12 shutdown  organizers admit th .
 jeph macassette eya lentja    i have to be back for club shutdown e riebeeckstad .
another day another quick panic cry after being emotionally shutdown by my loved ones heyo.
a good website to watch anime pls      my fave one got shutdown.
 amajeabautista ow no  shutdown kana.
man s never been in marquee when it s shutdown eh      trusss me daddi.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was         googlealerts.
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
  crisserranoo beach is gonna shutdown.
 cavasships  davidlarter  galrahn i think they did the latter  lots of attention to how it was deploying during the shutdown .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 realdonaldtrump funny how you tried to shutdown mueller  over 5 times  you are a fraud  amp  taker of peoples money  .
 golden point shutdown gonna be hot today na today .
 ajamubaraka but we re way past impeachment now  he has dementia and nuclear launch codes for largest nuclear arsen .
some bad news today on brandon morrows as he has been shutdown after not coming back well after a mound session  n .
 metrolosangeles hollywood blvd isnt being shutdown for the avengers endgame premiere .
please  donate  amp  share government shutdown relief for cbp families  food aid  donationexperts .
if you think airtel dth not think airtel is going to shutdown no customer response don t buy  airtelindia.
uscis needs to keep digital records for the stream of people looking to work in the u s    moving e verify to the c .
 drmistercody  repdancrenshaw he needs shutdown.
 drainwatching  tribelaw  kelliapowers1 november 8  2018 rupert murdoch visits mitch mcconnell s office at night du .
 juliedicaro shutdown for the year or just for may .
 rob sawicki  biedersam  atrios and what s more  the pelosi of 2019 is substantially the same as that of 2007  reme .
 mysteriousfait2  gop are you referring to the govt shutdown   the one that happened in december  while the republi .
 scrowder  blazetv whats the over under on the time it will take for the stream to get shutdown .
run systemd script before system shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump unless you are a government employee or seeking a government job  the largest employer in the coun .
 jordantribe  i think this was the game after the 9 11 league shutdown  giants ended up winning but that was a helluva return .
 onezim2  matigary our courts ruled the internet shutdown illegal  we can t justify what was illegal coz what london is doing it .
time for a shutdown  .
 senatemajldr yes  great economy if you re a millionaire  would you work for  7 25 hr  you wouldn t even work while .
 timesofindia  nyay will act like petrol    kickstart engine of  corruption   which was shutdown for 5years by .
 manalilidave   kru xx  tncpredator lmao na shutdown sa mid yung bat lol.
 thebluecollarmm  feli21281088  liveaction i m glad you agree but sadly there are more undercover videos from numer .
 realdonaldtrump lets see here  millions wasted on investigating hillary 0 convictions  millions wasted on govt sh .
.
 superhmn127 sster i m coming over this is a shinee shutdown hold onnnnn.
reasons behind  coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained  via  todays gazette  crypto .
check out this giant helmet shell found on the shores of  capelookout  nc compared to a normal  snailshell do to st .
 femi sorry i glanced this tweet shut my eyes and immediately banned myself from twitter till i could watch got  wh .
 kbq225 time we start taking these liars out of the conversation   they need to be confronted  shutdown and put in .
he also won the shutdown  amp  then accumulated bipartisan accomplishments in 1996  .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better   in explaining ho .
russias impending internet shutdown .
 reverse  mortgage data details disruption from government shutdown   .
 robinblackmma  glory ws  ufc  joerogan  thenotoriousmma  alistairovereem  brendanschaub  robinblackmma have you fe .
 lmp2time i captured packets for it before it shutdown  a guy i was working with jon started writing an emulator us .
a question ee should all be asking ourselves  barrs impeachment may be of a higher priority less all investigation .
 aurora lte  alexlobaloba  i swear if i operate on u ur body will just shutdown  am a criminologist.
.
shutdown enginner at pivot gis limited   .
shutdown enginner at pivot gis limited   .
 nossarinari finally  found the screenshot i took 1 second before server shutdown for cataclysm patch  .
let the tribe in b4 we shutdown the function.
 mkgenest  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump shutdown fox news  take their maga hat and get them on prozac  .
after the revelations of jailed toddlers  hurricane maria mismanagement  the shutdown  charlottesville  why not  bc .
 realdonaldtrump how much did that government shutdown cost .
nick morreale   10 pitches  10 strikes in t3 and he strikes out the side for a big shutdown inning   hoyas lead 8 0 .
 jasonfrith6  larryelder  realcandaceo  realdonaldtrump does everyone include those without healthcare  or what fed .
 michaelolanite people are wilding on this app  it needs to be shutdown for atleast 24hrs .
 gaba cast shutdown innings  by the gamecocks  are a myth .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 shutdown na ako  tara don ta magsayaw sayaw tayo  hahahahaha.
 aetheriumanimo wouldn t have caused the shutdown  she thinks     well  i was doing some emails    then i felt a lit .
honestly  gt  gop is the party of tax cuts and deregulations  which benefits mostly the top  20      during the gov sh .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 mbta  redline scoop the body off the tracks and let s go  no reason to shutdown both sides way  damn this sucks  entire  redline shutdown .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 aliefoffaith i never compared them but this shutdown my batman fandom  amp  its causing cognitive dissonance .
plan tengah nak shutdown  tgk twitter jap la   unit kita tak terbabit  .
forza horizon 4 has the windows xp shutdown jingle as a car horn       icanteven      .
scheint geklappt zu haben mit dem verffentlichen mit shutdown zeitbefehlt   bin gerade unterwegs deswegen so  d    h .
 mimmitwit  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope is it the principle  re .
 manmustlikebrez  damola a it s all this play that made club escape to actually shutdown .
 tatasky i will talk to other service providers if they are willing to port will shutdown your service and transfer .
gone put up for 4th july shutdown.
jaguar land rover begins brexit linked uk plant shutdowns  .
you just saw the problem with our pitching  absolutely no shutdown innings.
ags get a couple of runs back in the 2nd  asa returns to the mound looking for a shutdown inning     3 2 sc b2.
beyond convinced that shutdown innings are a myth.
 williamfocht5  realdonaldtrump william  loser donny cost the us economy at least 11 billion dollars  in his shutdo .
 chiiemelie she came to nigeria and couldn t even shutdown lagos.
 swagbucks i  hate you so much  i hope your website is shutdown.
 raccoon 1  the ns  mikesbloggity notley didnt cut child poverty or improve healthcare or education  the dopey cow .
ask us in hungary .
 tommyrva alternative was complete shutdown though  right .
one good thing about the  theaaf shutdown was that it saved the ol ball coach from having to quit on another team  .
i want to have schizophrenia so that whenever i ll break down  i ll automatically shutdown and rebooted to my own new world  .
 4edges  theatlantic  susan hennessey  grahamdavida yes two years of spreading rumors like teenage school girls tha .
 drscriptt  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen  faultywarrior clearly mentioned shutting down windows with .
let s shutdown the website selling bleach to children   atheist  atheism.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
remember among other things but to be considered that russia wanted the shutdown was entirely of trump s making .
 onlyonewanz yg pelik tu takkan la dia org yg pandai2 ni tak faham yg zero emissions to maknanya seluruh dunia kena .
 ssrjazz  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen     i find that highly suspect   maybe on windows   but strongl .
its not surprising that early morning workouts are tough on the body  it was just in shutdown  amp  recovery mode and .
 effsouthafrica  julius s malema after sponsoring a  successful shutdown   .
 drscriptt  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen most ppl dont have one open  most  of the time either   i c .
 ryanadams pleeeeeease release big colors  none of what i m reading about ryan s alleged misbehaviour justifies this total shutdown     .
if anyone want to play again before its shutdown i will be on queue at 19 30 cet  let fire our last bullets     bf1  bfincursions.
 nneuman  casahodl  kryptonautik the ways ive tried restarting are the shutdown method also pulling the ethernet c .
 grumpybirdies  marcandersonnwo  ericshapiro3  gaijingirl2004  debbiedoo131  faknickerbocker sorry   i can t vote f .
 fredscanner any idea why 15 is shutdown for a parade of tow trucks  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
posh eco warrior behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for thousands .
 gadzooksb it would be on a day i hadn t already worked 15 hours  i was racing my own imminent shutdown .
power shutdown     read more at   .
 joeyatnorthend i see charlie as a 2  chara as a 3 4 hes still effective but in a shutdown role in the d zone and .
 whereskernan if jake is shutdown long term then the wilpon s must have a hex on them regarding handing out long te .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump if our government did nothing ceteris paribus  everything being equal  th .
public reddit subreddits for pirated live streams of sports seem to be on the cusp of being shutdown  surprised thi .
 potus time to shutdown all  cnn employees from wh press pool  the are vile  amp  vicious then play victim  their behav .
 ramaphosa  myanc president  cyrilramaphosa says heads will roll for local and provincil officials whove caused a .
sakit sa feeling ang ganda ng laro mo sa ml kaso bigla nag shutdown yung phone mo.
stop the bleeding  .
the imminent shutdown this year of ngs and kayenta will eliminate some 700 jobs in a tribal area that  like colstri .
.
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
shutdown coordinator at pivot gis limited   .
.
shutdown coordinator at pivot gis limited   .
we should build a wall to keep all foreigners out during election years  and shutdown the airports and only travel .
 marcorubio we should also be concerned that he actively worked to obstruct justice   that the thought of the inves .
so many disastrous things america is so exhausted from this sob pick one and impeach this guy .
 realdonaldtrump no collusion   you tried to shutdown the investigation and demanded it be shutdown  the only reaso .
all banks will shutdown every saturday from 1st june and will work 5 days week from 9 30 to 5 30 monday to friday  rbi.
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
jaguar land rover begins brexit linked uk plant shutdowns  .
reasons behind  coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained   .
watch  trump signs executive order planning for total grid shutdown   lights out 2019   on youtube .
reddit   reasons behind coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained .
 brithume wrong   it is the president s decision and right to shutdown a witch hunt in search of a crime   ironical .
 rwpusa since social media was drafted by russia to twist the narrative in the 2016 elections and is continuing tod .
 rashidatlaib is encouraging americans to go on a hunger strike in order to shutdown ice  meanwhile in new mexico a .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24   malaysia   malay mail .
reasons behind  coinnest  exchange sudden shutdown explained  via  todays gazette .
 ralphsmorra  ag conservative but the protest specifically was to target air travel  the groups goal is to shutdow .
nobody gives 2 rat shits if your tired and need sleep  you volunteered to work a shutdown so man up and quit bitching .
 pmounet80 jsuis pogne au loading screen suite  un shutdown manuel  il a juste gel hier pendant que je regardai .
reasons behind coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained      via  todays gazette      btcnews .
man arrested  spa shut down in  humantrafficking investigation  cbc    more w  eco search  .
last weeks shutdown by truck drivers is history  looking back  it appears to not have produced the results organiz .
baldheaded1der id rather have touki in the rotation  honestly  id rather have him cloned   one touki in the rotat .
 lalolafleur wow   wouldnt that be something   they recently released an announcement that said one of their new w .
the partial shutdown of the l train starts in less than one week  here are other ways to get between brooklyn and m .
 keepdatshit100 ahhh thats my guy man .
 petebuttigieg justice reform  health care  gun violence  immigration  education  amp  prescription drug costs  infrast .
 realdonaldtrump 23 billion lost in economic growth due to your government shutdown.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
i hate when i shutdown  cant help it sometimes.
the guardian published on apr 17  2019 as thousands of protesters use roadblocks and glue to paralyse parts of cent .
extinction rebellion shutdown london .
carlos was onnat government shutdown.
 krassenstein nah  its almost summer so time for the old refinery shutdown for maintenance trick  every damn year.
reasons behind coinnest exchange sudden shutdownexplained  .
real nigga problem 1  when you organise a pussy appointment but the client is unreliable and you get stuck between .
nag shutdown ako kagabi.
 thehill start from your shutdown   .
  realisticrandy  mzhy 99  davidhogg111 bull  he earned that respect putting that uniform on to protect your a    .
i totally agree   and while you re at it  take away each and every  life term position  and when there s a gov t sh .
all microsoft windows longhorn startup and shutdown sounds  .
 govmikehuckabee  whca ryan s a pos  she ll pay for her evil thoughts  we can all help through a complet shutdown o .
 realdonaldtrump my prayers for the easter weekend are for total shutdown at trash trump alargo    no power  no outside communication   .
 necobeat   strucked the corner    the closer   shutdown the game    .
para kong nag shutdown.
 briankempga not kemp or the presidents fault   congress dems   maybe get something going for relief again  which i .
the big tech companies are all ran by cowardly sniveling brats      none have the brains to debate you in the arena o .
joe says cubs backing off on morrow return  shutdown period in place .
 ewarren lol  you just pissed mick mulvaney shutdown your cash cow called the cfpb .
 we shutdown the radiator system once spring hits because there s no point having it run anymore      my landlord  wh .
 matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope so does it make it right to shutdo .
will shutdown the cardinals  .
 zubymusic ideas that work and respecting ones input knowledge is progressive  amp  liberal  anyone who chooses to shut .
kadulu dulohan ng laro palagi shutdown cellphone ko sarap ibato.
 baldheaded1der id rather have touki in the rotation  honestly  id rather have him cloned   one touki in the rota .
is it sad that when i see my dog just enjoying the sun w out a care in the world  i want to cry  cuz i remember the .
just so you know     people are still dealing with bills and problems from the government shutdown three months ago.
shutdown  h now.
 obbsie who are they    they were around at operation shutdown protest too    no placards  no chants  no talking    .
     .
shutdown  s  f  t 0.
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
 faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen 1  open a command window  as if one isnt already open   2  people dont .
hr5  .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 johnmbarrows  jetblue  markjosephson wonder if this has anything to do with  shutdown  .
 pesachology  yasmohammedxx dead wrong  having personal preferences  be they religious or not is different then opp .
 dbongino they are gaslighting american citizens they should be shutdown.
correction   pedojoe  dems have bernie to get the sucker votes   d he will be shutdown like 2016 then kiss bidens as .
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat .
time to shutdown facebook but only active in alternate account.
 ki native  silverl41308605  plushminnie  redsolefan  coconutboombox  leithsmall this just occurred to me  the irs .
what government agency pdf gives the plans to intentionally     use plague viruses  amp    bioweapons on its citizens    cau .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 shutdown   shut up.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
congratulations  foodbankofcny for receiving  feedingamerica  living our values award  for their outstanding commit .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  speakerpelosi  repmarkmeadows  gopleader  senatemajldr .
happy easter weekend to everyone  easter is postponed for us since kenlees dada is still on shutdown  we will cel .
my friend is going on a medical leave and shes looking for ways to politely shutdown nosy people  she works with a .
wah gilaaa adek gua       di shutdown laptop gua   desain logo temen gue belom gue save     kampreet bener      .
goodnight  shutdown na ako .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity but they pass the law for themselves i didn t vote on and i m an ameri .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity interesting  they bleach her chip   so americans know she did foul pla .
 weebutmightiest  mizdonna  doodlestrks  salty dawg69  nhmommy1  scotttbrower1  superelitee  why45huh  vjeannek .
 gop the american tax payers are paying them salaries to obstruct our government   how stupid is that   i e  govern .
 rb bellingham  jasonintrator  shaunking mississippi needs them too  so of the degree programs here have shutdown c .
 justinformu  could you give more information on the movie netflex is allowing on their station involving sex with .
 thephillyvoice  jimmykempski simple way to shutdown chucky soup  5 is simply put a wide open receive in front of h .
big congratulations to  cprewritten for hitting 4 million users    i cant honestly believe in how much time its gro .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
a majority of americans dont support trumps wall  yet he induced the longest govt shutdown in american history ov .
an official statement from ceo  johnchen about  bbm shutdown  amp  users migrating to  blackberry enterprise  bbme  should be in the offing .
wala pala nagpatay ng data ko kagabi nung sinugod ako sa rakkk kaya pala shutdown kanina pagkakita ko hays.
 shutdown 21 dm udah ditutup mas jam segini.
 derekcapo  whalepanda  fluffypony  excellion just be a good guy in crypto like the cz of europe  if not please shu .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope i think youre missing .
 new  millennial  ericaschner  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump obama attempted a bipartisan announcement but was s .
this is the reason i m giving nancy room to maneuver  pelosi understands how to put the screws to trump  remember h .
power shutdown in kashmir  areas  from 22 april to 28 april 2019      full details on link below .
i use the adjective  c2000 d  to describe rarely shutdown devices that suddenly fail to boot after one of their inf .
 harrellryan1  alpipkin mitt romney i m sickened by hiw many shares of stock your wife held in the company that own .
 lfcdanx  ride shutdown .
i wanna shutdown.
 draconickgaming  snickelsox i play robots an alarming amount  one goes offline for 4 hours in a long rest  the oth .
 nayemasari95 alaa ko x shutdown pn berkire.
 mlp neimi alright  shutdown eminent   she nods .
 haunter1957  edkrassen while all the news and democrats were giving him shot for not going he was already did but .
 another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world      romila thapar.
                 shutdown program .
 tobyasstorm  tribelaw  senwarren it s reported there is a lot of tension between the senate gop and trump over the .
 shutdown 21 legowo.
  chrome  .
in that way  tv9bharatvarsh reporting  it will be shutdown or will be no 1 news channel of india   this is journali .
 briandconnolly  thehill oh so fox news is fake news and the trump foundation was shutdown for fun  .
you know this will be a shutdown  .
 amjoyshow  joyannreid  msnbc facebook twitter all should be required to be shutdown during the week leading up to .
 lt report shutdown gt    lt 0 gt    lt  report gt    lt  body gt    lt  etml gt .
 shutdown 21 ga ada di tl   .
start of the year  trump has overseen the longest government shutdown in us history  a dramatic shakeup at the depa .
 senatemajldr has almost blind loyalty to trump  americans must never forget that mcconnell allowed trump to shutdo .
i have many friends who are bcpss educators  at the time i knew of several of them who were trying to get to as clo .
 mass ave as a former resident at new york and new jersey  i have to wonder how long after residents settle in next .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
i shutdown fairly easy.
 breitbartnews on the 1st day i will shutdown the economy      crowd roars lol .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope wifi was only shutdown .
rt29sb right hand lane shutdown  culpeper near rt3 exit so expect delays find alt route.
skepta   shutdown  aac 128k.
cardi b goes off on trump over the government shutdown   nowthis  via  youtube.
 shutdown 21 modus anda gagal   .
lensalert traffic advisory  several lanes i65 south around 133mm is shutdown for overturned semi   only the far rig .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope this is just a shutdow .
l train shutdown  everything you need to know     transportation  ltrain  nyc.
  moshkom we go shutdown quilox tonight.
 cbcurt97  crush lord  grmdaily  ksiolajidebt  randolphuk  jmebbk ksi s pull up is grime though  it has been on gri .
 shutdown 21 nanti aku coba deh ya wkk.
electrical shutdown today  discovered we have a passing valve and that the jockey pumps arent on the emergency syst .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope no they wouldnt   we .
one question by  bigflowdan has been added to grime shutdown on spotify   follow the playlist for a wicked sunshine .
 jordanpfinn thanks for the support  jordan     yes  ive just seen the order come in so that will be shipped out t .
when the government shutdown in december and lasted into early 2019   flyingwithsara became a huge force in getting .
i dont want the twitter to be shutdown or to be deleted because of some shity vids coming from nowhere .
 flyinvisible you sound like you need it  so i definitely suggest that you do  you dont want it to shutdown on you .
 shutdown 21 ngehiburr doang ya wkwk.
rise and shine  after getting shutdown last night  todays  athleticspinoftheday will hopefully inspire the bats  w .
 shutdown 21 .
 midiahn shutdown.
 chunkysmoove shutdown the facts as they annihilated your argument and make you mad .
 breitbartnews  moratorium    it means a temporary prohibition of an activity   enough that it would literally shut .
only 2 weeks to go til the pick 6 db camp hits reading  pa  all you shutdown dbs wanting to fine tune your game  g .
 herotherogue classic servers like nostalrius were very popular  just food for thought  only thing that kept me fro .
 manmah28  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope so basically you are say .
i just shutdown the same s 76 three ults in a row on widow skskfjwkfs.
 reser612  realdonaldtrump just like states profits   fines  taxes  parking tickets  drug busts  raids  tows   amp  res .
 mwunicorn indeed  i went a while 2 years after winamp shutdown  i still use it on my pc  but ditched it on mobile .
 whirledpeas4me the last shutdown i heard about a closing was a bomb threat made by a naked man   and if wondering  .
  shutdown  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 jordan sather  they likely mean  false flag rehearsal of critical  partial communication infrastructure shutdown coming this weekend    .
 acarpenterslife  banksprinters  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump i searched google and found one article i .
 loudobbs  greggjarrett  edrollins  marksimoneny  realdrgina  robertjeffress trump needs to stop pleasing and shut .
 shutdown 21 sa ae nih.
 vargoe21  svinuraistanie  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope educate .
the government shutdown induces americans lesssafe  .
 sstwts2020  billgillespie88  smithfamilysays  liz wheeler so you dont like social programs  cool then you will giv .
 itsjefftiedrich one of many  potus  amp  family frauds   university   golf award .
 thebeatwithari does anyone know if barr shutdown mueller  or was timing just coincidence .
 itsallbollocks  abnormable  leftarmisme  thewifeyoulove  brienneofkitty  spacecrafff  markdgilliland .
 lt  gt              jet airways shutdown  employees seek presidents intervention for salary .
thapar karan  interviewing thapar romila      watch the interview  .
 japersrink i know they won a cup with orlov niskanen as their shutdown pair  so its hard to go away from that  but .
day ended early today    time to shutdown and rest .
for months  members of a facebook group named black smoke matters  bsm  have been calling for an industry wide shut .
summer shutdown merchandise available   1st of june at rasesa .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news   cdnimm.
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale ofcarrier .
 jordan sather  comms shutdown incoming .
 glaad you know your argument is weak when you include things like government shutdown and decrease in food stamps .
kenapa ide muncul ketika laptop udh shutdown dan aku sudah hendak tidur  .
good service  chilternrailway on 14 55 to marylebone from birmingham  nice long train  air con  many station staff  .
 evanmcmullin  profkeithdevlin and also so far this year  trump has overseen the longest government shutdown in us .
 dawnswann1  rideaminute  dnc  realdonaldtrump trump needs to shutdown the border  amp  not reopen until our useless po .
 extinctionr  the plugseeker  theresa may to be fair lots of businesses have a pre arranged shutdown period to mini .
 incindia shutdown inc   innn bhadwo ko kabhi ni aane dena wapas.
 xiaomi my mi 5 after shutdown   is death  no power on   please help me  can you help me please.
a big goal in my life is to shutdown all the circuses .
 edkrassen another senator that reeeally needs to be gone from our congress is  ditchmitch2020  senatemajldr i impl .
 meanstreak2099  thecheekyginger  chulesee  needle of arya perhaps you are familiar with merrick garland  and  the .
shutdown yung legend hahaha .
 mimirocah1 ms rocah  given that there are 14 ongoing cases that were farmed out  doesn t fact indicate that sc mue .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 akira6592 i use it to see if an interface is admin down or not  for example  and if not then i dont put the no sh .
i lived 1 5 miles from this sc site in 2009   the reactors were supposedly shutdown  permanently i thought   but i .
 traffic dpd officers on scene eb colfax ave and i25 on a 2 vehicle serious injury crash  1 party transported  eb c .
if any school ever did that to my child i would pull them out and sue the school till they had to shutdown  schools .
 amazonhelp oh really  if you can t help yourself  then why wasting money  resources on  amazonhelp   shutdown .
a must read for the trucker nation    shutdown shut down  why it failed .
 e92sam  robreiner senate gop reported to have deep tension with trump over shutdown  emergency declaration  etc  y .
 icecolddp1  ndreca official  gop gdp has been torpedoed by the trade war and government shutdown trump initiated  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   tech  technews .
 311insd dustin311  use to love that place  it got shutdown because of all the idiots that like to think theyre co .
 hazim haris secara faktanya xboleh selagi xmencapai 79  atau unexpected shutdown      tapi xsalah kalau nak mencuba  .
 rhymeswithwltch  auricules  metamrphos rox the government shutdown can be seen as a show of force but remember it .
system shutdown na si hannah  lolololol    .
more fearmongering from rabid nuclear pusher    ellie ripley  counting blessings of nuclear power .
power shutdown in srinagar parts on april 22 to 28  .
the effect of jet shutdown   empty airports   indirect job losses could run into 100k   hopefully  the passenger mome .
 sykescharlie  thedailybeast as a fellow wisconsinite  over nine years of service i know of one time   .
yesterday we had a shutdown of the website     after contacting the host 1 amp 1 it turns out that the cause is due to a .
 ewarren he obstructed     if he wanted to obstruct he would have just fired everyone involved and shutdown the i .
shutdown  shimadtmer tech trancestab .
game informer australiashutdown  .
 taxxess wild how i usually succeed at getting fake or threatening accounts shutdown  yesterday  a trump supporter .
ooooooohhhhhhhh shutdown.
nah  im just gott sit first  my brain just shutdown of creative stuffs  sips coffee even not a coffee drinker .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump this tweet is about as reassuring as the one where don jr   would be arre .
 krassenstein  google shutdown fox    state run tv   .
 michaelshermer could brain have developed a system where when death is happening it goes in to shutdown mode that .
 shutdown 21 .
 chiefsreporter better get him  i sense shutdown db .
if this leafs team can play this way with their shutdown defenceman loopy from a lack of sleep and parental adrena .
 vusinyamazana  vargoe21  charitymaodza  matigary  kmutisi  nickmangwana  dewamavhinga  smith jeffreyt  dougcoltart .
alarmed by cancer causing ethylene oxide pollution  gov  j b  pritzker orders shutdown of sterigenics in    .
 newjersey approves subsidy plan that prevents the premature closure of the state s  nuclear power plants as was se .
 shutdown 21 terharu    .
the concert is already shutdown          before he could utter a word  .
 bug soobinny .
 shutdown 21 makasih .
2020 elite am db  kameron yancey is at drake today  hes a guy thats going to turn heads at the lindenwood camp co .
if another shutdown looms in a scenario that could have compromised and put just the lower third of his face .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc           shutdown   listen on spotify  .
ethnic violence leads to the fall of malisgovernment .
 andregtfo  taymastar you dont have to buy a new server just shutdown the server.
 realdonaldtrump the only area of the economy that makes any difference to you is unemployment  eh  minimum wage  t .
here is your daily current affairs update     deutsche  deutschland  deutschland  deutschebank  ceo kaushikshapari .
tom dundon is a real piece of shit      aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial probl .
 onezim2 my several friends in london did not get affected and amused such a thing happened there  don t compare th .
 shutdown 21 aamiin  makasih yaa.
.
 shutdown   00 .
 shutdown   00           .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
power shutdown  sachnews jammu kashmir  srinagar  april 20  according to power controller kashmir  the 132 kv d c pam .
finally  bbm to shutdown on may 31st  2019 .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academicworld .
and just a tiny  but very telling aspect of what trump will do for money   who steals from charity money given by k .
 realdonaldtrump the investigation should have been shutdown after 6 months without evidence of  collusion     that .
power shutdown in kashmir areas    .
 realdonaldtrump when you shutdown the government people were living check to check they could barely survive  econ .
 shutdown   00 .
 realdonaldtrump actually got results unlike this for 11 billion  other than ppl dying in preventable plane crashes .
.
back when staff school hired mj to come perform at our end of the school year party then  everywhere shutdown  the .
 warwraith exactly  its terrifying  as an adult  i still dont always have the words for when im having a meltdow .
one year ago   retweeted helen caldicott   drhcaldicott    contamination from a nuclear cleanup forced a shutdown  in .
 keyurjoshi   shukla tarun mistakes  management not cutting capacity sooner  not greasing psu bank official palms ti .
 onskxxx     .
 matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope wifi is not internetuk shutdown wi .
 potus they cause the shutdown  then blame you  while they go to the beaches of  pr drinking cocktails while millio .
 chaunceygardner after  smoking 1 pack of  marlboro red 100s for  30years i quit smokin 1 day w  vaping  vapeon .
130 k puerto ricans left after hurricane maria and never returned  that s why dims came here to pr during the govt  .
 drscriptt  mainframed767  joernthyssen same reason why most don t pop a command shell open on their windows box an .
after  smoking 1 pack of  marlboro red 100s for  30years i quit smokin 1 day w  vaping  vapeon  liberated after 1 .
finally  bbm to shutdown on may 31st  2019   bbm  lukastech  rt  trapadrive.
 devilsofyore  pitchforkedpuck i m not a big zacha supporter  but i give credit where it is due  i think he s much .
gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government if republican lawmakers dont acquiesce to her d .
en masseall togetherthree top tv broadcasters went into shutdown mode en masse in south korea .
so every night nalang naka sleep laptop ko tas nakakalimutan kong i shutdown kasi nakakatulog nako  gg battery.
finally  bbm to shutdown on may 31st  2019 .
srinagar  april 20  according to power controller kashmir  the 132 kv d c pampore rawalpora transmission line will .
power shutdown in srinagar parts on april 22 to28 .
gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government if republican lawmakers dont acquiesce to her d .
 adriandt31  aprildryan i am still curious that april was the only reporter allowed when p and s gave a little news .
as per superintending engineer  elect  maintt   amp  r e  circle 1  jammu  to carry out work for testing ct pt units  t .
 matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope this is a none story   anyone whos .
global stock indexes slide as u s  government shutdown looms    world stock markets continued a week long sell off on .
according to power controller kashmir  the 132 kv d c pampore rawalpora transmission line will be shut down from 22 .
power shutdown .
globally there are countries which shut down the internet like china for example  the government put censorship on .
mta with this g shutdown sucks.
power shutdown  .
 thehumble 21  jalenramsey  j no24 look at all these people saying yes bring him  we need a shutdown corner   aint that a bitch.
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt an echo lune that believes only he is allowed to fly and havea go .
 ballmannsc  armytimes they can be patriotic but when 7 billion people dont respect the cic its time for impeachm .
 npr  kqed oh  did we shutdown the federal government again  i missed it .
 m bultman he also turned a goalie on an expiring contract bishop  into eric cernak who helped formed tampas shutd .
 shutdown 21 iya mungkin    .
 realjack willard mitt romney refuses to answer this question  how many shares of stock did your wife hold in the c .
 matigary  finley 198  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope did they shutdown publ .
 peteslew  mdj17 he did not completely cooperate with mueller  he twice tried to shutdown the investigation  he tam .
mardi gras casino owner sues over sportsbook shutdown  mardigraswv  wheelingcasino   h2cstrategies .
.
 borstentier  urgenda the only thing we already know is the early shutdown of one coal fired power plant  reducing .
need to shutdown myself.
    .
 becpt  sweetiewalker  marklevinshow  sentedcruz see  mitch mcconnell  amp  the rest of the career rinos in senate who .
 brucealrighty45   outlaw cow farting so the view is shutdown      but where would we get our comedy from .
t5   shutdown inning      allyfrei38 with a 1 2 3 inning frame  capped by a k    7 4      gohoos    newink .
panel session with stacy  amina abubakar  we can t ignore our needs as women  we must feel significant  we can t acc .
that sounds about right    there have been a few modest shifts  i e   during the shutdown   but  for the most part  .
 sensherrodbrown  govmikedewine  senatemajldr  speakerpelosi  senkamalaharris  senblumenthal  wvsenate .
drop the damn mic  schullzz66 shutdown    eod       everybody go homeeeee     .
aku tak shutdown ke eh semalam hahahaha.
you still have time to vote on which fairground ride you want at summer  shutdown2019  happening on may 15  8pm   .
 brunotersago  dimoyagcioglu did they shutdown the road .
not when they are seen taking a flight afterwards  i don t ask them to stop using airplanes  i ask them to stop lam .
r i p  a la primer plataforma de mensajera mvil       blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  engadget.
stop  hr293 no ban on  flavors im ok w   hr2084 plse  stop trying to  shutdown  amheartadvocacy  tobaccoendgame .
 realsaavedra should cnn be asked for shutdown because they gave  michaelavenatti millions of dollars worth of free .
 lindathomas102  1bataboom so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a musl .
tonights going be a shutdown   make sure to book your tickets in advance to save      kreptandkonan  bankholiday .
 tomfitton  realdonaldtrump trump abuses the power of the presidency every day  government shutdown  national emerg .
 timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network      .
 k8em0 omg please please please tell me that you all are still helping i literally just made a twitter last night .
   via  mataonline.
 javedakhtarjadu  ranaayyub when  owesi sporting  amp  given ligal help to    isis spotter  islamic terrorist your mouth was quite and shutdown.
 tsspdclcorporat    complete shutdown since 3 hrs at moghalpura volta x road till bhole shah dargah  when will power restore .
 realdonaldtrump your administration must relentlessly pursue these deep state traitors  and sue shutdown their lyi .
 linda36993618  debsmitteez  billshortenmp  australianlabor hmm  sold out workers to  benefit his union and career  .
dont show anymore pictures of people held in parking lots and under over passes if you wont support additional ho .
 vic rollison  byrnepip  twitter are they going to shutdown the media that have got hold of story .
when closing the lid  the notebook does not poweroff  or shutdown  hibernation issue  need to fixuuid .
 toppyhux  bradpaisley im so jealous  i was there during the government shutdown and didnt get to go .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
alexandria plans hov changes during metro shutdown .
today  will sign a government shutdown .
 rachelbitecofer i didn t realize how much i valued my job until trump locked me out of it  i ve been a fed for 33 .
   the national weather service in memphis  tennessee has issued a beige shutdown outlook until 10 46 am       wxtwitter.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
trolley wires down on have mass ave shutdown between dudley  amp  norris sts in cambridge     mbta says shuttle buses re .
 golfdude2000  kirsten9895  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump it could easily be argued that trump wanted the bogus invest .
 jmdamnson i m waiting for ur mandatory shutdown meme hahahahaahahahah.
linuxshutdownsyncsync    lpic.
  thirdmasilang shutdown lahat ng social media acc.
the democrats now own the shutdown     great job  insurance companies are able to lead .
.
still feeling the effects of the shutdown as my paycheck is fucked up once again .
okay i decided na shutdown ko na totally tong account na to  hahaha yawquna mgatwitter  byezxc.
 cosmicmak this is the climate were in nowadays  ive been blocked for similar stuff  theyre doing everything the .
 saragnolii biglia should be shutdown for the season.
 thatmilanfan biglia should be shutdown for the season.
 altnatsecagency  askedetanswered  kimstrassel did the fbi stop the investigation   did mueller get fired or sc get .
it seems to be a response to a get more successful looking climate change protest that has shutdown grand parade    .
 govmikehuckabee cnn needs to be shutdown all together .
 housegop  gopleader hmmmm had a shutdown for over 1 4 of their time in office thanks to a temper tantrum from drum .
 realdonaldtrump rubbish      you must be double counting or up to some other lies     why would real income be less th .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  with all due respect  you said mexico would pay for the wall  they didn t  you said .
five commands to check linux system shutdown reboot date and time  via  2daygeek.
 ryan bricks i would avoid williamsburg and bushwick for the next couple years  theyre fun neighborhoods  but the .
 platinumcat  donaldjtrumpjr  gop this is laughable  youre trying to justify the shutdown of speech you dont agre .
 realdonaldtrump what a nut case you are  how much did you waste throwing your hissy border wall govt shutdown fit  .
2 weeks left till the big weekend  were waiting for you on may 4 5 to experience the full system shutdown  thankf .
 marypretends  digitzrulz i just want to see her channel shutdown  or even get her demonetized  so she doesnt bene .
 vodafonein  vodafonegroup  vodafoneuk  vodafonein  vodafonenz  vodafoneau  offer of vodafone  our prepaid team call .
 we the boyz goodbye windows shutdown tune.
 realdonaldtrump how much did you blast with the government shutdown you caused     not likr you even have a wall to show for it either.
 realdonaldtrump what happened to the national emergency at the southern border  did it go away due to the report  .
i wanna shutdown all my sns accounts pero putangina anong gagawin ko maghapon   .
hindi na ko magugulat kung bigla nalang ako mag shutdown.
apple  fix all macbook pro 2016 and later with stage light effect or backlight shutdown  flexgate   sign the petiti .
its ok to shutdown ignorance  not ideas worth spreading          follow  alleyneco                                 .
 madhur couriers very slow and poor services     pls shutdown your dukan.
district line has failed me  shutdown towards easy  phone battery low oh well navigate fun times ahead .
 grtseeker yes  there is so much corruption you hardly know where to begin  we have to kind of spread out  amp  those o .
 cbp shut the border down now  lee vehicle traffic alone and commerce alone shutdown walk in traffic and double dow .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
u s  jobless claims decline to four week low following shutdown  via  markets.
  .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
this should only serve to motivate more of the fine people of  toronto to join in the  resistance  especially when .
gusto ko na makapag start ulit sa work  shutdown ko talaga lahat pati tong twitter  hahahaahahha.
vote for me i m going to fix our roads   i m fixing the roads by a 45 cent gas tax  if you don t pass my gas tax i ll .
 mirrornow  fayedsouza we demand to shutdown your channel    .
waste of money    funny coming from a guy that caused the longest shutdown in american history and cost america  bil .
jet airways shutdown  employees seek presidents intervention for salary dues .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
i want to shutdown my mind for a while ugh.
i want to shutdown everyone around me except from kim and my tower fam.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
truckers anticipate shutdown date  and new strike is coming   portal no ar   .
i m drowned   deep deep deep very deep down one step closer to shutdown .
we will not be able to cope with the shutdown of coal and nuclear power in three years time and can only hope tha .
they say that they are nationalists  will a nationalist government try to suppress the voice of the public  govt has .
 bluelilqueer a m arrive mais je fais pas que pleurer en gnral  mais je le ressens comme un shutdown .
delete your ex  shutdown your crush  format your past  program your heart and restart your lovelife .
best of late night  kimmel suggests bernie sanderss cash heavy campaign could spend a bit on personalgrooming .
statement by  islamabadrestaurantsassociation  shutdown on april 23 in protest against  fbr   hammad azhar pls take .
 hasufl  cyounessi1 right  ok   makes sense   supply of loans increases automatically when people create cdps but i .
shutdown clouds outlook for consumer driven u s  economic growth  .
 emperorbigd  mroppaisenpai  youtube  teamyoutube this is to all the kick vic supporters and all the i stand with v .
indefinite shutdown of india s jet airways puts passengers traveling to and from nepal in a fix   the kathmandu pos .
 investigatecps    many children in foster care have family that love them and want them      .
 michaelkogan14  cyounessi1 you mean decrease supply  in theory  mkr holders can vote to force shutdown any existin .
 celinextenso ben je pensais notamment  moi quand je suis en shutdown dans un bus blind de monde par exemple des .
hey  nintendoamerica can you nerf joker please the opponent went into mementos and made me have a fucking mental shutdown irl.
 tsnjfranklin the big q here is  who would could change that  im waiting for their health status  but what has to .
and the night falls  i can t sleep because my mind is working it can t be shutdown  only when i m dead .
we can understand your pain of losing money through hawala channels to fund terror activities  to smuggle weapons  .
sana naman di na ulit magforce shutdown laptop ko .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled   cbs .
shutdown  saveourdemocracy  saveourdemocracy.
call it done  theresistanceisunited should recess the house until after 2020  amp  collect no pay nothing will get done .
 currencytycoon  drakefjustin  makerdao there is a fix for this issue that ensures there will be a higher fee for w .
spending this gorgeous   day in the garden listening to the marvellous kate stewart in unit  shutdown  drwho .
 watchchad elizabeth im gonna get me a beer and then shutdown all drilling to kill the economy warren   .
 brandfactoryind hello brand factory   how r u guys  keeping flash sales and cheating like you will credit 250 ever .
 realdonaldtrump shutdown the new york times  cnn and foxnews  all liars don .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
i reiterate my call for a complete shutdown of the architectural profession until we can figure out what the hell w .
 coolstarorg  pwn20wnd  fce365  comex  saurik if saurik is out will cydia be shutdown or just stay as it is and jus .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
   .
ma dopo whatsapp e instagram  un bel studio aperto shutdown no    .
the recent government shutdown shed light on a problem thats been growing for years  employees are hurting financi .
 all of these are strategies in pursuit of the  hindurashtra  the  rss  of which the  bjp is the political arm  hav .
i guess that ll fuk up any chance of emma thompson being home in time for match of the day    .
waiting for shutdown.
watsuptv   legon src artiste night official campus shutdown 27th april   university of ghana 7pmsharp .
 profbriancox  marinahyde  chukaumunna  anna soubry  tanni gt  omid9  rickygroveruk  jacob rees mogg   jrm won prob .
spontaneous shutdown at maisuma area of srinagar kashmir following news about under nia custody jklf chairman yasin .
it s still hilarious to me how the g  app still worked just fine for a few hours after the shutdown happened if you .
the easter monday shutdown  monday 22nd april  enjoy x  djolamelody djnerobelfast mc lagosboy                                  .
.
jaguar land rover starts brexit shutdown .
 johnnyojr if you really want to create a better baltimore county for your daughter to grow up in  you can start by .
one of the greatest historian of ancient india discusses at the most crucial election of modern india .
top trump officials are about to get a  10k raise while federal employees work without pay during the shutdown   vi .
jet airways shutdown  grounding of carrier affects exports of fresh fruits  vegetables  .
 mohmahfudmd  kpu id jadi buat apa ada situng proff  bikin ribut di luar  kenapa gak di shutdown aja sites nya supa .
.
with no lifeline  jet airways stares at shutdown  .
 mspackyetti whew that  we are not peers  is the most beautiful yet simple shutdown i ve seen and so true  social m .
 armouredskeptic you were saying that the conversation was being shutdown  when all that was being done was debun .
nearly 4 in 5 gop women want the border shutdown to halt all illegal immigration  .
shutdown cnx .
 kaelanrhy on the  whole body experience  thing though  definitely  more than nausea  i very rapidly experience qui .
 yasin malik critically ill  on hunger strike since he was shifted to delhi  family       maisuma observes spontaneou .
how many milliseconds between coming to airports as tsa workers resign because of shutdown .
 nammabescom   no proper power supply     there is a miniature nuke reactor for power generation sold by china  shall .
 bbm  mariamassi it was on and they had an update one day before the shutdown ahhahahaha.
 gstindia  allaboutgst  finminindia  gst council  cbic india  the gst portal is down since morning and error msg sh .
spontaneous shutdown in maisuma area of srinagar following the reports of yasin malik being admitted in a delhi hospital .
realities of life beyond bmc limits   intermittent power outage   survival on invertor  my little one doesn t even .
 cbic india  the gst portal is down since morning and error msg shows shut down for maintenance  today is the last .
 peggymkiefergm1  schammy  skullking1969  smylee face  scottpresler  senatorromney  realdonaldtrump are you wasted  .
 natashabertrand  3l3v3nth does anyone else believe barr shutdown the osc investigation before mueller was finished .
 scottfawcett several iptv services out there where u can get 500 channels for less than 15 dollars a month   use a .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
sure  these plants weren t in  financial peril   but i d argue that  psegdelivers is making the case that  nuclear .
 sethmcneilvt  pdacosta i think he was forced to shutdown in a way far less spectacular than the sat night massacre .
 offandpacing ry  andpacing  facebook miracles it wasnt shutdown sooner  any of you guys spend anytime in that group .
 armans15112001  andy67140164  blue cloud 10  gwidda93  angel63126140  vadosetoast  alberttt58  machinegunkelly .
 ac4tweet windowsshutdown  shutdown  r  t  .
 ericholder  ecclesias the recent government shutdown  with the limited resources and personnel available for monit .
the hardest people to explain your feelings too are those that you are closest     does anyone else completely shutdo .
a fais 24h que je suis sortie de l hp je me sentait mega bien et la shutdown   le moindre truc aspire toute forme .
 linux  vm  re   patch 1 3  drm virtio  add missing drm atomic helper shutdown  call  .
        gt     gt  shutdown  t1  r    .
 edwinbautista02 shutdown  kyyyyravalo.
is it the same michael jackson whose this is it concert in the uk didn t happen buh the premiere was much doper tha .
 jhorn xtanlee they deserve to be shutdown .
 duniavvi tekan tombol shutdown.
top tech news today  pixel 4  google  shutdown  facebook password   amp  038  more  trakintech .
 fortnitegame you should honestly shutdown your game  its disgusting to play since you took your game and went back .
bbm to shutdown permanently   naijalog.
 craigminns  judith char i suppose thats okay  until it becomes the shutdown of truth or fact     and thats why i st .
 skf5463  1776stonewall from the usfl  atlantic city  6 bankruptcies  trump air  trump university  flynn  manafort  .
in the mobile phone industry  its decline has been highly linked to its failure to adapt to changes within their i .
 craigminns  judith char i like to think i have very sharp instincts  and that they murkily brought this to my atte .
seorang bocah berusia 15 tahun pernah meretas komputer nasa dan menyebabkan shutdown 21 hari komputer mereka .
 craigminns  judith char ie  if you bring fourth an unfortable truth  that may be damaging to a tiny part of femini .
 ashleylalaina pag 10 daw wala kang twitter app mamaya  shutdown si twitter     ashleylangdelmundoko.
finally  all of this is part of the  easterrailworks taking place across the country  including the major shutdown .
 rikk irl i just shutdown my pc.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 neveriswhen  ananavarro i am looking at his voting record and he was anti national emergency  voted with democrats .
 shutdown g0 i6 .
 asincole oh  sorry  can t relate  unless i m not shutdown in months and other memory intensive apps are open   like .
thanks  yes  definitely worth your time to read  tnationnetwork s 2 part series about the recently failed .
tolonglah laptop bersahabat dikit masa hrs force shutdown mulu tiap ngehang ya allah ujian idup bgt emg dr kmrn.
 skydolphin7010  cygwin  shutdown  unix  shutdown .
.
 digiwb     sudo shutdown   r now.
      plantnews  restart  1  company  yangmei shouyang chemical  2 product  monoethylene glycol   meg   3 location  s .
 ms peaceweaver  catalinmu we need a complete shutdown of architecture until we figure out whats going on.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
extremely rare vhs acquired  i havent seen it available online in many  many years  so i had to take the chance  i .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled   .
         bjpwithkasab                shutdown dalal media .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
caroline lucas is currently on  lbc supporting the shutdown of the nations capital  this is a member of parliament .
 rorymon  znackattack  andyjmorgan  mracket  guyrleech  jariangibson i extended my lab including netscaler and dfa .
easter  jesus upgrade   fri  shutdown   sat  installing new software   sun  reboot .
 fabianzuleeg  dphinnemore  patricksmyth1 the number of states calling for shutdown should steadily increase in the .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   the good old days of  bbm .
til a 2014 update to dualfoil  introduced a separator shutdown function to drive porosity to 0 at a specified tempe .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 yasmin shego  ayledgend someone came to shutdown the show  .
 jamesdgriffiths  amateursuman i am a trained first aider  if a first aider dealing with serious injuries doesn t s .
romila thapar  in her interview with karan thapar  talks about the attempts to transform the country into a hindu r .
 fifamobiledev this is the worst shittiest season ever in fifa mobile history  shame on you ea  better shutdown everything.
            ponnamaravadhi .
harika duymayanlar icin atiyorym    ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
shutdown na muna self.
 mysmxria  khalisa xc shutdown szn.
 roe tencent thx for the heads up  i m sure we d rather u take extra time to fix these issuse  even though i really .
shutdown.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
 rstarphoenix  enodetah  salamaleek  castorogamer as a js player with over 9k  hours we got fucked august 15th  201 .
gusto ko na matulog ayaw pa nag shutdown para ma charge na.
  joni joni joni dia cheat code   makan gaji  top dog in o amp g  company luar negara  freelance waktu offshore plant s .
engadget blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
then  icasa org must be investigated by the captured  saparliament on why we dont have black tv news channels     ica .
 economictimes  narendramodi  jetairways it is high time to analyse the reason behind continuous loss to the public .
blackberry messenger to shutdown on may 31  via  tech updatess.
 operationshutdown relatives of knife murder victims from camden  explain why they took to the streets to demand ac .
system voltage is critical   shutdown may occur instantly .
 icharidho  rockygerung hang mba     lgsg shutdown.
 lawrence  mikiebarb i wish they would inquire of other journalists across the pond who seem to have interviewing l .
4 20 shutdown   .
    shutdown      41      .
 ediong     the comparison shouldnt be dignified with a response  but you just have to be provoked to shutdown the .
worth your time to read both parts as it gives incite in how the average truck driver  amp  owner feels but most can no .
francis wangusi  director general communications authority of kenya  ca  has stressed that there will be no sim car .
             1 4         .
 mrjegman  whattheffacts taken from ali g in da usaiii  heres a yt link to that segment      .
1 shutdown  h now .
the number of  trips  are unusual engineers are working on it   dai mr k n vyas    maintenance performance  2017   n .
 retrob8 its much more playable than i expected  only issue is having to boot and shutdown  no sleep mode .
 soledadobrien the reporting seems perfectly accurate  its unfortunate that any criticism of muslims or islam is c .
yung nag shutdown ang laptop mo  olay  sira ang panonood ko  andun na sa climax ng movie  berna eh .
 realdonaldtrump totaly untrue   ok      so now you suddenly remember    amazing how your short time memory works .
 zarazettirazr  cakkhum sekali lagi    shutdown ka pe u  .
 cakkhum kalo ada wacana shutdown ka pe u aj gmn  cz yg nglawan dituduh hoax nih     kn ngeri juga   .
 anna soubry  metpoliceuk youve been great in brexit anna  but may be out of touch with popular opinion on this on .
prime video    akamai  torrent3 .
 craniumsquirrel wait i thought their servers shutdown   .
 stockmarkets manage to keep climbing north despite a rocky ride  read more      marketwrap .
 midmoroyalsfan  ryanmaue 1  government shutdown  2  if you read the tcr  highly technical  you can see that they re .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
 citizensforumzw the streets are still blood stained  we need a prolonged shutdown  no marching  no songs  just sta .
 cccrystalclear  maybe full storage  otherwise im not sure  do a full shutdown and see what happens next  .
 let s shutdown the website selling bleach to children   .
 iheartmindy  ilhanmn maybe bc on dec  7  2015  at a campaign rally in south carolina  trump read a statement  cal .
 crstuartjames  metrotrains  ptv official presumably because its ongoing maintenance managed by metro rather than .
 tysalihu  share a ride  is a good initiative too  i was a big fan of  gomywayafrica before they shutdown      thank .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
es que tio puto restrasado el veigar  si ves que soy puto medio y soy una puta diana para que coo tiras la r dos v .
help us raise money for  mentalhealth in the uk  we are challenging you all  to take part in our .
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat   los angeles times .
so   egypt s strong man abdel fattah el sisi s referendum to alter the country s constitution to extend his stay in .
the fact  atlasreactor will be going offline in a couple of months saddens me  if the possibility to keep it runnin .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 z1battleroyale this community will never get it  nantg just threw the game away and gave it to db for free  we sho .
 amlecciones  buzydnc  abc  gstephanopoulos no because just  46m of seized manaforts real estate already pays and t .
bye  american dream hahahhahaha .
                janasenaparty .
 thehill unflattering portrayal     russia offered help getting trump elected  trump not only accepted  but sought ad .
 vodafoneuk  vodafonein  vodafonenz  vodafonegroup   cheater network  applying call charge  2 5 pesa sec   deducted ar .
 ani modi s skill india shutdown  amp  bhrastachar   many core of bhrastachar in skill india mostly this for benefit of .
disgusting  it s comments like this that make women feel incompetent like they ve failed  no   csection mums are st .
 irinedk duhh selalu tragedi shutdown dibawa bawa .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 mshaanshahid  hinarkhar vesay shan bhai humari workshop bhi tu yehi kuch bana rahi hai  unless workshop is not shu .
shutdown the brain .
 shaaileshrsingh  rangoli a kangana as jayalalitha  is that a joke  kangana has no resemblance whatsoever to jaya  .
modi s skill india shutdown  amp  bhrastachar   many core of bhrastachar in skill india mostly this for benefit of priv .
 sherryontopp the way these companies are operating they deserved to be shutdown .
how to shutdown and startup a kubernetes cluster in vmware pks .
part 3  i ve got the craziest  fans  dis gee sabi my lyrics pass me   about last nyt we shutdown  team lio my team win .
               gujaratinews  gujarat .
i need to take things one at a time  i overwhelm my brain thinking of everything at once  amp  then i shutdown.
 videocon d2h  d2h online  trai  if u don t want to give services then kindly shutdown ur services forever    ur cu .
life time fitness ceo calls for action in response to government shutdown  smallbiz  startup .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app   washington post  .
 catesduane  drawandstrike  epochtimes  declassified et since the song kate sang was a broadway tune  all of broadw .
did  valve turners emily johnston and annette klapstein do anything unsafe  when they instigated the shutdown of en .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 fotobus  fasnix   tsukino usako  mama arbeitet  wochenendrebell  shg autismus  kidz pod mein mann  s  thread  arbe .
 .
already unit 1 of kk is shutdown for the past 250 days and not producing any electricity      we urge the govt to set .
 blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
seoul jung gu district mayor seo yang ho  seoul jung gu  korea  shutdown illegal dog meat farms slaughterhouses mar .
root .
aku pgn ngatain diriku sendiri  aku udh ngetik banyak eh laptop kepencet shutdown     ckck.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
traffic alert  weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous aft .
the government shutdown is over .
trump didnt conspire with russia  donald was dupped by vladimire putin  since the government is shutdown shouldnt .
every week government is shutdown citizens should get 2  tax deduction april 20  2019 at 03 00am.
voting which ended in srinagar days before  administration had suspended internet in valley well that s not the new .
it s not coincidence   midterms  sessions ousted  whitaker fills in  barr takes over   mueller shutdown  assange arrested .
 fan960steinberg this  amp  so many more reasons  d zone gaps were horrible especially between our blue line  amp  the circ .
 greaterkashmir means  no regular internet shutdown    no barring of high speed internes   no curfews on election d .
the processing of international adoptions and us citizen visa applications would not be disrupted despite the plann .
there is a big issue about our shutdown and the liberals are doing nothing about it  our nation is in a bad position  i am fighting for you .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown  via  abscbnnews.
barr shutdown the irancontra investigation   impeachbarr    impeachbarrnow .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
     umedago.
two faa officials  speaking on background monday  blamed the shutdown on the unlikely convergence of two events .
last night  got into wt4 and began assault on tidal basin  then server shutdown in  50mins popped up on screen  l .
 dancrenshawtx there is operational control  our president rather ask his dhs to break the law and subvert legal op .
the weekend shutdown with the legendary queen moremi in moremi the musical continues today with two electrifyi .
 reality2809  hamishpricenz well he couldn t get his wall from congress after 35 days of shutdown  so i d say not .
nevermind got shutdown  rip to us.
part 2  asi the new school anthem    about last nyt we shutdown  team lio my team wins        zoroswagbag .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
hey  rashidatlaib i hear youre going on a hunger strike to shutdown  icegov  im intrigued  how can i help  you sh .
i feel like my entire system is on shutdown  whyyyy haaaayst.
shutdown    ps4share     .
also hooray  the folks over on psn profiles are organising game sessions between now and shutdown .
                      pudukkottai  protest  tasmac     .
  ikaka you re welcome  hope you are getting ready for when i will shutdown o2 arena.
 natashabertrand i believe investigation cut short  mueller had just asked  amp  gotten approved an extension thru or t .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
part 1  dy love the flow    about last nyt we shutdown  team lio my team wins        zoroswagbag  welovephyno .
had an awesome day today  my partner the owner was gone all day so  i had to shutdown the shop to go on calls but  .
so apparently after a streak of murders by amakorokoza kwekwe and redcliff city are in a low key curfew  word on th .
it s almost as if  flyspicejet was just waiting for the shutdown of  jetairways and pounce on the opportunity at th .
rep  ayanna pressley wants 16 year olds to vote  gets shutdown in congress  via  youtube.
 r taneja69  flyspicejet  jetairways yes  its only temporary shutdown  we will come back as a stronger force  just .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 baycity beacon great marketing piece  love it  so if it s true and not staged then all ncs should accept accountab .
 iwriteok  funder i m being 100  serious when i say i don t think that d do it  cartoonish stuff has a short circui .
akhir ini saja   bisa ada kesempatan feedback   beberapa tahun yg lalu di intervensi laptopnya lansung hang  bayang .
          jetairwayscrisis .
bushiit  shutdown pa  yawaaa .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown .
florida weather be like   feeling bipolar idk might shutdown down airports later .
your system will shutdown after a couple days whether you like it or not  you will sleep  no choice .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown   techrepublic .
 idolevav04  kadewagner47  chasethabagd  mannyluxurious  joeyflam  sportscenter that mavs fan got shutdown.
rep  ayanna pressley wants 16 year olds to vote  gets shutdown in congress  via  youtube.
sat 14th shaban 1440h   30c  10 46 am good morning   and a very happy shab e barat mubarak    .
      plant news  restart  1  company  lg chem  2 product  styrene monomer  3 location  yeosu  south korea  4 capacity .
ok so i slammed the door on my finger  cousins are downstairs and here i am facing my laptop upstairs being the ant .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown .
 margotpnw  rifat oguz it s a joke  either their app suddenly stopped working and they are incapable of updating it .
 ogie488  harlan19rempel 13 23 28 is our top line  not every team has a shutdown line  to argue that they dont p .
 socaltelevision  traffic  alert  gt  crash temp has all lanes shutdown in  southgate on 710 nb before firestone b    .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown  abs cbnnews .
      2019 .
new post added at jet airways  it is definitely the beginning of the end for jet airways  just around midnight on the .
 championtenza if an abuser keeps repeatedly abusing the victim and the victim repeatedly avails themselves tothe a .
 ogie488  harlan19rempel its cool for you to be a diehard fan  that doesnt mean you actually understand hockey  .
 btssofagang to shutdown those who belittled and underestimated them just because they come from a small company  b .
nag overload  nag crashed  nag shutdown.
 claytoncyre  xarkom  throwdownshow  romudeth all i know is that there have been a lot of first party studios that .
we can t tolerate a pathological liar and bully as president and a culture of lying in the white house  we can t af .
 bkerogers how does  ap4libertys tweet fit in here  hes calling for oversight of government or shutdown of government agencies .
 sarahpalinusa who cares  ice is ice it wont be shutdown  crazy.
what z ur problem   oyorooms if you re nt be able to provd me ur srvce thn kindly don t make a false promises   diz .
 revive liberty  ap4liberty  bkerogers to be fair austin doesn t want just those agencies to be shutdown he wants a .
reliable allies refuse to defend a president content with chaos .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown .
 anthemgame just shutdown the gameit cant be saved already.
 caroselambra777 the erstwhile sweet streets patrolled by ex football thug militiamen shortages of everything and t .
 flydre21 we need u dre to shutdown dame  .
 trumpmagaclub  politi chatter i m pretty sure she s with us   in spirit     i suggested democrats trade a liberal ap .
 bob stauffer remember when they didnt trade duchene for a shutdown defenseman  instead they waited and got a huge .
 ilochiogadinma  cnn  cillizzacnn government shutdown for a vain issue  wasting budget on vain issues  helping russ .
 donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states    donald trump .
 nebraskawoman76  yasmohammedxx they went crazy and shutdown discussions and hid behind the word nazi to win argume .
 pmuralidharrao  narendramodi new age indians wants jet airways revival  its like hypothetically if one day bjp cl .
i really hate when i shutdown  but sometimes i just cant help it  i guess its my body mind way of telling me im holding to much in.
 vowswithinhb figured 3m would shutdown the avs top line like they did throughout the season series  amp  the flames de .
not to mention some of the more recent nonsense  like representatives doing amas on sites known for far right extre .
my body just shutdown lmfao it s like an  exe file got approved to run but i don t remember pressing  ok .
 walshfreedom wow  i think  billary shutdown all the insane asylums way to early   thealternaterealityoftheleft.
bye need to shutdown myself for a while .
wow  i think  billary shutdown all the insane asylums way to early   thealternaterealityoftheleft .
 steadypluswins  jasoncuadrado5  ilhanmn a traitor is a man who wasted money on vain issues  the government shutdow .
 the sweet pete  bstategames if your raid timer drops to 10 due to server shutdown  you don t have to reach extract .
i am booked on a klm flight from mumbai to zagreb via amsterdam on may 12  with jet airways shutdown temporarily  c .
 slagcarangi said eyelid  surgery alert  system processing    face not found   lt shutdown gt   face deactivated  .
 avalanche shutdown  nhlflames in five  that s another proof that your dominance you had in the regular season does .
 klm i am booked on a klm flight from mumbai to zagreb via amsterdam on may 12  with jet airways shutdown temporari .
plugged phone to avoid a shutdown  relax and watch the girls slay once again at coachella   blackpinkxcoachella d2    jenchella   blackpink.
how come this pos page is still up  jack    twittersupport are you advocating a threat or assassination attempt  .
 impishchimp  kpearson04 the liberals really f  k that province badly  theres not too many alternatives for ontari .
so we just beat the  1 seed in the west quicker than the  1 seed last year beat us with no goalie and without our t .
 youtube are u guys doing another shutdown cause i cant get on .
 windows shutdown mp3 .
useless  goairlinesindia staff at the mumbai airport  another airline waiting to be shutdown i guess  zero courtesy .
 adamsonwood  big rolo59  tommyhicksgop  donaldjtrumpjr i believe government can help those who want to help themse .
 thnmattlarkin this has been a complete team game and series for the avs  flames didnt help themselves at all  but .
i cannot wait until kd takes on harden in the next round  i feel like kd will take it upon himself to shutdown hard .
shutdown inning from horn  who strikes out two more  he s at 9 for the night  matching  his career high   calbaseball leads 4 1    .
did  kinky horror get shutdown again  she s breaking rules  like she breaks hearts    thelastdrivein.
 cmyrphoto  kentremendous start shutdown sequence  sorosbot .
there should be an mba case study on how these guys ever lasted as long as they have   blackberry messenger is shut .
 mygridgb  sdmoores this is manipulating statistics at its worst   take a figure from good friday when industry ene .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
since all the media outlets are just propaganda spewers for the democrats  since they refuse to tell the truth to t .
shutdown  .
 kylev  wf run mo both temp and  temp  tas delete mo lahat ng laman  do this while ps is completely shutdown  like .
fda acknowledges shortage of breathing tubes due to sterilization shutdown  .
 otflvcko  davidwiggins25  youbecem  sportscenter why have russ guard lillard when you have one of the best defensi .
when government shutdown failed   realdonaldtrump had to violate the constitution  our nation of 327 million faces .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 chris damyen  cbrhino1  harvard2h  dancrenshawtx  guypbenson the maps have always had to clear courts and the doj .
   backup shutdown start test      .
 wwemezza  kieran 2001  but moviebox was shutdown due to lawsuits.
 tpdolla  trashtalk fr c est toujours comme a westbrook tu vas voir que le prochain game il va shooter a 5 25 et 1 .
 liberalnotlefty i don t know  i m skeptical  his awakening was genuine but there is definitely financial incentive .
certain songs pavement   starlings of the government shutdown is over .
shutdown   joywave is my current mood.
lillard really got shutdown in the 4th .
 gt  300 reported shutdowns in india over the past 6 yrs    2012   2017  16 315 shutdown hours costs economy    3 04 .
 donnano29518676 thanks to president obama   you do realize you are talking about the man that didn t give a damn .
 trooploverbarry he s shutdown lillard in the 4th though .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
 mitsuboshineko from japari import friend    a      .
yo  jackboxgames   last week i had   not responding   issues with all 5 packs  so i reinstalled steam  each game  f .
 sportfanyyc it has to be somebody who can play shutdown and offense   not sure who s available in the summer that fits that.
1fcqvz4r  tatasky team need your attention once again  the fix done yesterday did not work after one power shutdown .
 1776stonewall  billkristol can someone just put bill to bed       i mean i know it s tough when you lose your fail .
cardi bs tips for making moneymoves .
pangarap ko talagang i shutdown tong twitter tsaka facebook e hahahahahahaha  wait nyoko .
 itsrobbieb  edkrassen i m sure the replacement staff for the ones who lost their jobs at the va take comfort in th .
after jet airways got shutdown      spicejet hired 500 employees including 100 pilots      thnx  spicejet .
also i might need to pass by gamestop cause i havent used my 3ds in so long it went into this shutdown mode in whic .
 tommygreggs1  gargugi  purplenoranged  billyhaze  allinkid the stock market was down last year  did you know that  .
the software that shutdown everyone s hardware permanently    .
davenport  scott co   traffic   i 80 wb shutdown at i 74 due to a crash at brady st  expect long delays  traffic is backed up   511 eifg 70 .
may shutdown ba kayo sa line this holiday  haha  have a good vacay   sino ka nga kasi  hahaha  kaynis ka  kinakaba .
shutdown      petro stopping centers .
good news folks            link     royalsupply  marijuanapackaging  medicalmarijuana .
 mattmcmuscles my stand can increase the temperature of your body by 10 degrees every 5 minutes which will cause yo .
 peruzzi vibes  amp   famousbobson at novena university major shutdown     .
should end this shutdown and .
need help  how did ann coulter milk the government shutdown  .
 mattsideashop  looks back fondly previous meaningless government shutdown and orders 3 xl bags of chips  .
 mend555     many sources   ironically during the wall shutdown his approval went up 19 points.
damn the avengers endgame shutdown a file sharing site.
 speakerpelosi  what the hell  are you running a cult   rashidatlaib is asking people  who support your  dnc to go .
    mr  whitaker is your all time for the shutdown was knowingly wrong  no collus.
robert gsellman shutdown reliever.
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify   .
 krassenstein brian  these are trump supporters in 2019  i can see them in 2015  maybe 2016  even 2017  but 2019   h .
day 3   feel dead inside  shutdown r  reset all gt   hard reset  clean  new text document   txt.
 fightoracle you read this shit  .
 burnsinandout3  kim trojan horse sen  richard burr also voted to lift russian sanctions during the trump shutdown  .
nba playoff recap  celtics shutdown pacers in second half  take 3 0 series lead  .
 baiselavie shutdown nanaman.
window shutdown noise .
 baudeter1  onewalleee  kg eternally he has very solid support from the republican base so the gop is stuck with hi .
 gokpkd how dare she treat your son like that  this daycare needs to be shutdown  im so angry  this is completely unacceptable .
 kylegriffin1 i think we need a total and complete shutdown of the entry of white men to the population until our c .
 1000steps yeah man  about 2 hours ago  all of antonio was shutdown .
 windows xp shutdown noise  .
 licensedt0ill i didn t see a single bird during the government shutdown  just saying .
imagine if the brewers could throw hader out as a fireman all the time because they had a shutdown closer     unfortu .
 trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  really jimb  black is back5  thomaspearc3120  sconsyhammer  kmillercc .
 realdonaldtrump just read you posted a 9 hr twitter thread saying mueller cost you  30 million  thats 3 golf week .
pedro baez  shutdown reliever.
the gov t employees without pay  who are dems  can ask money to feinstein and pelosi   they have a lot of        mi .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  with jet airways grounded  if there ar .
the govt  botched up the privatization of  airindia      the tax payer is now lumbered with an airline with debts of .
 otdderamin also  we have a number of contingencies in place for longevity or  at least  not surprising you with a shutdown .
 bowlingotter did you hear about city of heroes  there s been a private super secret server since the shutdown  i j .
mueller report  columbine  beyonc  your wednesday eveningbriefing .
turn turn up guys  we gonna shutdown elegushi private beach  .
 weciv01  kieserbill  realclearisrael  joeblow745 yes it s controlled and effective but doesn t disrupt like a complete shutdown .
 kevinpwinter great stretch to shutdown the pacers and lock up the win   .
 vnerdynate  vmware  plankers  virtspeaking ntp  dns  powecli ups graceful shutdown restore  etc  lots of uses      i .
 houstondynamo i must be tired   just see a pic   is there a separate link to watch  gotta see zlatan be shutdown .
didn t trump cost us 11 billion lost in the government shutdown  .
thanks bro   oh the shop is closed fam   for sure   im as sure as my belief in christ  that the shop is shutdown .
 saltieone808 its the or well get it ourselves that is her msg for trump  his poll numbers went down when she d .
 dlovesperry government shutdown.
have you ever shut down your plant for  preventativemaintenance  learn the crucial long term impact in  rasmechs b .
this was my mood until the stupid mfr slapped me back  whew chile my body shutdown  .
 keithdb80  actbrigitte  lindilu8 so what are you even saying  it s not that trump prefers to close the border but .
 lawrence its the shutdown that hurt the gop  since they were both gingrich  people conflate the two .
a shutdown inning .
 llamorandier i personally think  barring injury  that david long starts for 10 years  true shutdown skills .
 safwantukimin oil n gas le   contract setahun   ade shutdown.
need i remind you that this is the woman who got the aca passed  and who just fucking owned trump during the shutdo .
finally a statement     .
im in a constant state of  i want to be the person that no one was for me  and  im so tired and interaction is maki .
huhuhuy anong nangyayari sa messenger ko   bakit nagsha shutdown .
 jwest401  mikechambers i agree but might as well keep barrie unless yall have another great puck mover coming in  .
a simple google search will tell you it was money  or  just let me help you since you seem to lazy to do it yoursel .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 judgar64  premierscottmoe  fordnation  sask ndp the stc shutdown was only nominally a funding issue  public transi .
opinion    jetairwayss temporary shutdown will drive airfares upwards as the airline had a 15  domestic market sha .
.
the thread triggering finalizer shutdown events should be in an alert  dotnet coreclr 24133 .
the thread triggering finalizer shutdown events should be in an alert  dotnet coreclr 24133 .
tugas saya sebagai keamanan kpu tlh membuahkan hasil  rupanya para hacker bayaran dr china telah memasukan input yg .
shutdown all the garbage mashers on the detention level .
 herbert l reed  godsangel1122 i still dont get it  how will her missing meals shutdown  icegov  .
charlie ebersol speaks out on alliance s shutdown in this exclusive with ben kercheval of    .
first time my laptop shutdown due to overheating .
 mirrornow  fayedsouza we indians demand to shutdown your christhinithuva and muslimithuva agenda channel .
series tied 2 2    0 0 in the 3rd period    you  have to  call goalie interference      on another note  the leafs play .
 smoovedeeeezy for what both of em gon get shutdown in a matter of 2hrs.
who wouldnt want to play with  tre3jones   floor general  shutdown defender  heart  amp  soul  and remains humble  .
 greg doucette carpet bomb all districts with babies in cages ads  oh  and remind people about the shutdown .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped  via  federalnewsnet  abrustwfed.
 k stoey well some of them deploy overseas  its just bullshit theyre dhs now   especially for that shutdown and t .
 swtor it s ea probably doing the government shut down tactic  allow us to put more cosmetic micro transactions in .
with last shutdown in mind  trump mulls compromise spending bill .
to anyone who lives in my neighborhood it just got shutdown cause theres a guy walking around with a gun    be careful.
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
 mirrornow  fayedsouza hhahah i am demanding to shutdown your fake news thela btw we are all enjoying all of your premature ejaculation .
 briankarem  devincow  presssec she is a pimple on a systemic system shutdown   2020 cant come soon enough .
 jimserwan you re only and hour and a half away  jim  will have to be after this shutdown is over though   this was .
 herbert l reed so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a muslim jenny crai .
 raihansays personal opinion    leafs need to learn how to play the body more against the boards  too much stick ch .
the investigation  was shutdown    let the house  continue .
 sarahpalinusa damn  sucks to see someone dying from starvation  but why would we shutdown ice  its almost like sh .
im happy to announce that brasier is one  1  shutdown inning away from me bringing back the b emojis  cant do it just yet .
b4  thattaboy motty  shutdown  gets in trouble  not his doing as shay simply spiked simple grounder from leadoff ma .
you twitter can shutdown my account for being a conservative as reflective of my twitts    but you cannot totally s .
a childcare program could close its doors if they dont raise  20k by the end of april    .
political spotlight  the party to blame  amp  8212  a gop ignoramus leads other ignoramuses to shutdown the government .
 fullfrontalsamb the government shutdown stalemate cost us 6 billion that we will never recover  blame both parties .
 rlt  cara perbaikinnya gimana ya  udah di shutdown tapi tetep gitu   help me pleaseeeee .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets via  bgrindia  via  nashpd.
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
can i shutdown my  xbox while installing games   xboxone .
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
 pilgrimbruce  michael j bravo  frankfigliuzzi1  kendilaniannbc  nbcnews  msnbc there was this little government sh .
 realdonaldtrump i knew that president mr trump just destroy the whole democratic parties and shutdown cnn and the media let s save usa now.
 mpklang  mpklang yb in this week can span use your power to shutdown all car wash in klang to conserve water for r .
 blackberry messenger  5  31   .
 jrsowards77 the depository library council met last week  amp  there was something about the cfr in one of the session .
there s nothing more frustrating than having a sudden power outage  which then causes you to fight with your aging .
just added surprise  it s another ipa    government shutdown dipa by  stbonifacebrew to our menu .
 nyforsanders is it that cfa s owner doesn t believe in gay marriage  their stores getting shutdown honestly seems un called for  .
 aeneas35 you rock aeneas  life long cardinal fan 98 cards baby   shutdown michael irvin .
muzzin and z were dynamite in a shutdown role.
 jackposobiec inciting violence with the intent to cause bodily harm  time for justice in america  shutdown any new .
skepta   shutdown.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
trump heads to see farmers with shutdown in fourth week .
just in case  you know      denver  colorado  copolitics  coleg  9news  yeson300    source   .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump cryin chuck shutdown schumer .
local bitch ass laptop decides to shutdown with no warning  refuses to turn back on  tonight at 11 .
applauding the dea today on their shutdown of white cranes medical center  it s about damn time that clinic got shut down     pillmill.
5 minutes to shutdown .
getting shutdown by jordan lyles is one of the biggest embarrassments in the game.
 windows xp shutdown sound  .
blackberry messenger  bbm  will shutdown on may 31  .
 whodatcattt  cjhaydon  ericholder everything trump has said about ilhan omar and alexandria ocasio cortez    i did .
5  meanwhile some ideas i find intriguing     shutdown the senate  impeach barr  and prevent more federalist judges f .
are we still in a state of emergency government shutdown or is it now just the new norm .
standing up for your members is apart of leadership even the ones u don t agree with   if you can t do that how do .
shutdownkillctrl c ctrl x .
shutdown  killkill  gold  kill.
that was a textbook road playoff win by the  leafs    fantastic game by team   anyone who says leafs cant play defe .
muzzin zaitsev is an insane shutdown pair.
 aqizil  playstation greetings asad  i ve notice that playstation all stars has t shirts and coin collection by sup .
 lbc  thespurrshow mps didn t know they were getting easter break until     same day parliament closed down  .
shoutout to ponies defense  albers  sigfried  konigson  ostrander  long  stahl  carle and dario  for keeping a pote .
  how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown.
gop has slowly starved our greatest treasures as they vulture the country   national parks face lasting damage long .
 carrollsasseo  josephnsanberg seems most of their success or failure is weather dependent and not really based on .
 scoutstever we need shutdown pitching the rest of the game and we can win this game    hailstate .
the 3 day shutdown    begins november 1rst 2020     for the good of america    will you    join with your fellow amer .
i utilize a chieftain for canning  shutdown  and amputation.
trump signs executive order planning for total grid shutdown   lights ou     via  youtube.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
please just shutdown  facebook so we can all get back to our regularly scheduled     life  .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown     1 infosecbot.
so  theaafs problem was not accounting for expenses  it was a lack of access to capital  our expenses fell almost .
 trump8year  deadendangel  jakehirsch77  walshfreedom so  weve established youre either a racist  or a racist sym .
 pxtl  merransmith agreed  if we stopped all flying   driving    amp  manufacturing in canada including shutdown of the .
 kronicdryeye  bigpundit  oohohohhh  dontheshowmega  forsuns  sheaserrano well they support someone who supports se .
 markbspiegel  netflixandlamp  notabigdeal111 this is a rip chord pull for them   prepping for a shutdown   its go .
its called mueller was shutdown and was not done .
sync  unixsync sync shutdown    linux  bot.
 juliereichwein1  zagreus66 shutdown terrorists.
 tressa bunch  louisianafinan1  realjameswoods not true  you just hate the man so you are unwilling or incapable of .
 realdonaldtrump again mr  meathead  it didn t cost that much   we the taxpayers were billed over a billion dollars .
 jkempenergy a couple thoughts  the period included a 35 day govt shutdown  loss of payrolls  amp  payments to contract .
jet airways decision to suspend all operations has left many passengers flying to and from nepal through the airli .
its such a pleasure to see petersons redbaiting shutdown by a guy that actually experienced eastern europe  petersonvszizek.
 aajtak modi s economy crackdow   last 5 years only lost  at all  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industri .
need a shutdown inning here drake .
the eco warrior behind a plot to shutdown travel at heathrow tomorrow bragged his protest will disrupt the travel .
 aayeff1  samyuktha1908  ganesan312  empoweringgoa  avijitsinha5  yusufiosys  kirti sd  b k70  sunilddesai .
traffic alert  a car accident on the 710 fwy nb has all lanes temporarily shutdown  estimated delay of 30 minutes .
shutdown .
 recallwhitmer  opinion  shutdown threats bad for business  via  detroitnews.
 marielikesart he gets mad at congress when they exercise their constitutional authority and  say  give him slightl .
 broxtonspring  mihero  cocannabisco mueller laid it all out before he was shutdown   in the end  he basically said .
on a serious note did he issue a public apology to the young man    he ridicule the young man publicly it is only f .
 brianschatz the first time i met him was on the senate floor talking about the shutdown my kind of leader  happy t .
crash temp has all lanes shutdown in  southgate on 710 nb before firestone blvd  stopped traffic back to rosecrans ave  delay of 30 mins.
 speakerpelosi  repdebdingell you mean just not on going trip during a govt shutdown  always a look that shallowed .
michigan  opinion  shutdown threats bad for business  via  detroitnews.
 sensodinausea  a gentili   graydorian l anno scorso mi  capitato sotto mano un win95  su 80286 hdd ide da 20gb is .
i looked at the windows event viewer and it didnt log anything wrong other than the sudden shutdown in the first place.
imagine the effects of a power shutdown on metro north west trains with no guard and no driver      the nsw govt has .
 danknightly i think they ll be looking for more of a shutdown guy than gardiner  and i still insist ghost won t be here.
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
 dleos91745  acosta there was a government shutdown at that time  amp  congress needed to raise the government s borrow .
 blacklabellogic  clevernoo response   don t worry   with all your workouts you still look fat    that s worth at l .
 mdoles2  lmsholar no wonder because its an ice cold take  shutdown is the best episode of tv ever.
friday nights are for our guy  colewilcox11   big time shutdown inning   boy .
 jontaffer  barrescue  paramountnet hey  jontaffer we re still waiting for your new series here in  australia .
 newtgingrich worse  44 actually shutdown the counter cyber efforts of ic   he hates america and needs to be brough .
pharmacy shutdown changes outlook for shoppers food sale   pharmacists  pharmacy  healthcare  health  profession.
 shutdown .
 fernandobr1978 deu shutdown no vagabundo     tipo qdo o windows no quer desligar e vc faz na marra.
 smokingman55  tenaciouse5  repdougcollins  thejusticedept ppl were estimating market reaction to his policies that .
 realdonaldtrump and the  11 000 000 000 shutdown that you created isnt an issue .
 basta lies  thehill lmao your point of view is irrational because its not based in facts  facts are that the tr .
plant  shutdowns are expensive  but can save you thousands in the long run  heres how  .
 brian giovati  a chauvancy23 shutdown defensemen are almost non existent at this point  the key is to have defense .
 cmac672 it was up on the go90 website but it got shutdown  i m true i can find it online for you tho .
 realheatherd  housedemocrats  speakerpelosi they still need to see the unredacted report  amp  gather a few more bits .
 basta lies  thehill you keep talking about millions and millions yet have no source  thats not how operating a .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 sarcasmlemons  theresajsnyder during the government shutdown people were rationing insulin thats not ok they could have died .
everythings as getting shutdown last night hashtag looking kinda dry  ncat.
there is no reason we should nt call this jet airways shutdown as jet lag .
others couldn t invest in the market because many uits  unit investment trust   new preferreds were not coming to .
 lovetwitter  terenceviptweets   wordswithsteph  ambeanie moss  jennifermonckt2  ylladybug333   isleofkal  furloughed .
           jetairways .
 leonknight   mikeyjarell or every player    complete shutdown .
 sportsmodelluvr you are correct  remember they were dealing with the shutdown that caused the data to be on hold u .
 anasparrow meu corpo da shutdown 10pm  jaja vo ta morta de sono tbm kkkkkk.
 unsubtledesi correction we demand that you shutdown .
 sethabramson mueller was brilliant in passing information to sdny since his scope was so limited   so far they hav .
ladies up in smoke join the group as my og 65k  group was shutdown and  i can t add noone     bebey gunja cheers.
jerry remy yelling shutdown inning is extremely my jam .
 amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat   los angeles times   .
bila shutdown boiler  pastikan tambah chemical bagi naikkan ph air boiler bagi elakkan berlaku pengaratan   .
sepertinya shutdown semua berita berhubungan dengan politik sampai kpu mendapatkan hasil final deh  orang tolol in .
shutdown eh lol.
 meetakslimz yes boss  shutdown quilox .
 a chauvancy23  dockelley41 i think i m the only anti butcher fan  imo he ll ever b as good as severson  amp  he s  4  .
 braylennapier  hypocrisydetec1  broskijames  bennyjohnson  realdonaldtrump  cnn  speakerpelosi trump hit  gt 50  appr .
 abradley1974  cnn obama started the investigation in 2016 and wanted to go public with it but was shutdown by bitch mcconnell .
 thebeatwithari  glennkirschner2 i hate to be debbie downer but as long as  barr is doj ag any cases in sdny or any .
mueller was shutdown   five unresolved mysteries about russian meddling in mueller s report   politico .
man  rackeduprsims said its no reason to come anymore    all the massage parlors been shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump way less than the cost of your last shutdown .
christian vazquez with another big home run to give red sox a 3 2 lead in the fifth  hes got four homers already  .
 realdonaldtrump kind of like your golfing  how much does that cost the tax payers  or like your govt shutdown  cos .
i feel like my panicking macbook with all adobe apps are opened trying to do an emergency shutdown .
 awsten my brain shutdown trying to read that.
 basta lies  thehill well apparently it is because the foundation was shutdown  wake up .
 jimfreedom2  realdonaldtrump an org that is out to destroy a country is not a political party  the dems org is an .
my body has gone into sever shutdown mode    i havent felt like this since day 3 of indie holy shit.
 z1battleroyale seeing shutdown in the title gave me a mini heart attack    .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
so was the mueller investigation shutdown via denying funding  .
hari hari kerja macam ni  esok lusa memang shutdown diri aku ni.
also  a big thanks to wizzair roblox group for giving this a321 to us however we are very sad you have shutdown and .
in addition  i m sick of hearing trump and his minions crying about the waste of 30 million on the report  when he .
i don t understand how you can have loosely held religious beliefs and still embrace the crap out of a slippery slo .
v  quantas mais este tlm de merda vai bloquear  reiniciar  e dar shutdown de uma app do nada     que juro  falta .
 jordan sather    qanon     trying to red pill muh wife on vaccines  can you recommend a good video to  calmly   slow .
bicyclist hit by car at lakeside and moana  entire intersection shutdown  avoid the area   krnv .
shutdown  and as importantly  quick  inning for cc .
i don t normally toot my own horn and im not about to start but i was looking thru some photos of the yoda in just .
cbs sports  aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually m .
 tonycolaneri  sethabramson nah hell have to leave if he loses  he acts tough but given enough pressure he caves  .
 basta lies  thehill lmao you dont read much do you  trump operated a criminal enterprise  the trump foundation wa .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  .
blackberry messenger  bbm  will shutdown on may 31  via  techhabor  bbm  goodfriday .
 wpdtx any update on eastbound side of road  still shutdown .
 neurorebel that s certainly what happens to me  i want allowed meltdowns so i shutdown more often .
mardi gras casino owner sues over sportsbook shutdown   .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  via  infosechotspot .
 jrsowards77 so weird  now i m trying to see if gpo was affected by the recent government shutdown  since some agen .
keep it a stack  the punch off would have been party of the year if it didnt get shutdown .
repairs to the part of the  transitcentersf that had broken beams will be done by the end of the weekend  then  cre .
signing off for today folks  have a great weekend everyone  don t forget to  shutdown  azure  weekendarrived  beertime  mvphour.
i hate the energy this video gives off  dylan is so chaotic and kaya just fully shutdown until the last second  mar .
pharmacy shutdown changes outlook for shoppers food sale   pharmacists  pharmacy  health  healthcare.
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 joanrobertsmn  kavrider  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse is this fact sheet a joke  the shutdown cost much more  why  .
 nreilly 24 01 i dont think anyone could shutdown shaq back then and now.
 lugerlynx  renfamous  darkcuriou  chesire2050  katarucreator  zachviana no she didnt  and she won t  she knows she .
feedback is important but we have to make sure to focus on the delivery  the delivery can make or break how feedbac .
 sarah skg 1983  funder i don t think he thought he was actually going to get shutdown  which he should have counte .
this sunday  4 21  main campus will be closed for an electrical shutdown from approximately 6 a m  to 2 p m  the en .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
if  calgaryflames or  billpeters are listening   bennett ryan and lindholm should be your shutdown line  play them e .
 kabiru aminu well first i m at work and my servers are shutdown for some power issues which means i get to sleep s .
kawhi is getting absolutely shutdown right now.
 shellofagenius task at hand      bidding came and went  items were bought and re sold  but it all game down to the l .
 cursedvideos shutdown  a .
judy baca had it all when she wants to put up murals alongside jersey wpa projects that have  registered  wrecks wi .
 jennycohn1 im sure he wasnt finished  he was shutdown by  agbillbarr.
shutdown something  producer  guitarist  musicians  musicproducer  song  newmusic  instamusic  art  rock  rap .
 katrinaelbourne con artist company    needs shutting down    treats customers like a peice of crap     your all li .
first time to have a proper laptops shutdown like in 2 weeks .
man  listen  i think this often  when ive preached  everything got shutdown that week   youll be good  that nerv .
getting set to enjoy a few days off  twitter shutdown commencing  see you on monday  ereng.
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
 baba9773  cvpayne  peoples pundit  larryschweikart  unseen1 unseen love it  best first quarter in many years with .
 sheriffclarke so tell trump to stop tweeting and shutdown the border   he has the authority .
.
 nycbubbles  jsawyer1950 hold hearings now  wait for the economy to go south   as it will in about nine months  ass .
 larkinck  noaasatellites  nhc atlantic the government shutdown set them back 35 days.
 varkarora  narendramodi so  it s a matter of time they will also be shutdown   .
back in the day  public nuisances like this bar were shutdown for being  well   public nuisances    police id  pers .
yesterday activity  office final cleaning  key turn over and shutdown everything      tillnextime.
 neurorebel try to adult and just shutdown instead of having a huge hissy   it is hard though because if you shut d .
 base2wave i have been updating services and everyone has been informed that it will be back online at 4pm  inevita .
angry manbun was just back at the gate  shutdown again    he doesnt know what to do now  free entertainment and he .
 jake shits self to shutdown by skepta .
 omgitsmobi sucks to see atlas reactor go  after doing all the freelancer spotlights like brynns .
.
cougs operating shutdown d  1min to go .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  vp  gop you guys are such idiots   i cant wait to see how many lies you told tonight afte .
without senate majority leader mconnell trump meets with democrat leaders to resume talks on avoiding partial govt .
 itskelleykelley  superyayadize those importing drugs  sex trafficking  and ms 13 wants ice shutdown     so    democrats want ice shutdown .
 huffpost if we get sarah sanders to resign  then all the media houses in the us should shutdown immediately for mi .
 lrt1x oh so it s a secret  he negotiated so well in nk as you put it that they tested weapons two days ago  negoit .
shutdown a vendors stand at socialiga .
please if you listen to nothing listen to this    annanomiddlenamewalis strong group wants you to lie about mi  amp  ang .
repeat    i am lovelijareds spiritangel only  if you try tolieclaim mi  a natural spirtangel  it will be a natzilie  .
a year after the shutdown of backpage  business has not been good for websites selling sex  but we won t stop until .
yo  ncaa let  lukeredx97 transfer like fields and martell did or i hope you get sued and shutdown because you are n .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 neurorebel   autismreality i m the shutdown type  if i can t handle a situation and things get out of hand  i just .
tonight pull up     shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
 s  a  m  anna soubry sick and tired of being labelled a far right extremist for voting leave and having an opinion .
 glennkirschner2 looks like individual1 and his traitors in congress is going to be the ones who is going miss muel .
mexico says u s  border truck traffic is slower  doesnt see shutdown         politics on april 2  2019 5 13pm.
 neurorebel shutdown until i can get to a place by myself and then meltdown .
 neurorebel unsure what to wear  eat  etc  post meltdown everything was heightened   sensory overstimulation of res .
 finnobeyts alternatively you re allowed to take it as unpaid leave     i know my parents workplace makes then take .
why would they take us to the runway then shutdown for 30 minutes and tell us a delay  why couldnt they let us sta .
shutdown vmguest  shutdowns the specified virtual machine guest os .
  usibaseball shutdown by illinois springfield  but will attempt to bounce back saturday   gousieagles  .
unfortunately landon  i think jalen wants to win  so the redskins are definitely out of the picture  and if he want .
shutdown these murdering bastards who are trying 2 destroy our gr8 nation    americans1st .
 juliamoffitt13 ha    shutdown   nice work jm  .
i wish trump actually had the balls to follow through     if he caved on the shutdown and dem pansies  he ll get his .
while gm plants are shutdown in the u  s  gm ceo has to try and survive on  21 87 million in 2018     god help us all   .
 meetthepress  davidcicilline so he wants the documents that obama shutdown any activity to stop the russian activi .
 stevietheman66  socialismisfun  mehdirhasan  jack  twitter this is new talking point by dems to shutdown arguments .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  a simple tweak of the windows 10 registry file can elim .
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down tech dot  africa blackberry has announced the shutdown of its messeng .
 krassenstein good for the country and i wonder what does that trump supporter mean and how is that  so the person .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 historbilia  dawson7045  amy siskind  realdonaldtrump seriously  trump was gonna backoff then state runned fox spo .
senator mcconnell  a tobacco ally  supports raising age to buycigarettes .
this is a  we can shutdown your top line better than you can shutdown our top line  move      toronto s forwards have .
students blame trump for shutdown    until hearing the offer he made dems  via  youtube.
 zerohedge even if they manage to destroy civilization there is still the nuclear power facilities that need managed shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump you  blavatnik  deripaska   senatemajldr are quite a team     no wonder  senatemajldr blocked obama  .
the  west  is supposed to be an advocate of freedom  amp  democracy but they ve shutdown freedom of speech  shutdown fr .
its so much easier here now to get an uber  make a dinner reservation  and all sorts of stuff   kurtschlichterhttp .
 whitehouse what id like to know is why did trump call mitch to shutdown the bill that amy klobachar co sponsored .
 garydempster3 theres a 20 week shutdown cumin up but this 1 is only for the weekend   am sure the big 1 starts in may.
its been shutdown by  rupertmurdoch .
no collusion   no obstruction     no wall   no border shutdown   no swamp being drained   no eo ending birthright citizen .
 ktumulty  vermontgmg  dirkschwenk  stevedenning 6   .
national parks face lasting damage long after government shutdown ends   your fault    realdonaldtrump.
 repcummings  washingtonpost how about work on next budget  no shutdown   health care  and prescription cost  opioi .
as the shutdown problem in gov t brings acctblty resolutions like this make me really miss editing bravo .
google  amp  youtube shutdown iran propaganda news channels sites  .
 gerardkennelly  patspillane  latelateshow i get that gerard   however it s the overall shutdown of rural ireland  .
after seeing her performance during the shutdown  this is exactly how i think she will go about this  her ability t .
 ransomeware  weatherchannel  shutdown  cybersecurity  privacy  .
during the death of micheal jackson the internet shutdown due to the influx of people searching to know if the news .
n b a  photographers do it for the gram too .
blackberry messenger bbm shutdown and close operation on may31  .
deadlock in coreclr t  shutdown  dotnet coreclr 24125 .
deadlock in coreclr t  shutdown  dotnet coreclr 24125 .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters nut case shut xx  you can t take over the entire gov t   your wall shutdown irrepara .
 petegms then you haven t been paying attention  forgot about the  shutdown  trump owned   dems proposed money for .
 lrt1x confress also signed of on obamas plans  the shutdown was over the wall  worse  the latest forcasts are that .
 realdonaldtrump how much did your shutdown cost the us economy  .
this has to stop  defund and shutdown pph  poor babies  .
obama administration didnt choke   they called out russia for hacking and in december retaliated by expelling 35 .
 donnacmorris11  realdonaldtrump for what  donald s disastrous shutdown  donald s chronic vacationing  or the inves .
 mlota azola we sleep with big smiles on our faces something you don t know .
 dspracale lol  yeah i have been the exact same way with him  loved it when it happened  chapman is the only one i .
okay okay  sooooo the shutdown at my work has been officially confirmed for the last 3 weeks of may  so i shall be .
 realdonaldtrump its almost time .
7please support my gofundme campaign    gofundme .
 padres farm exactly  not great news  but not the end of the world either  he was shutdown for about 3 weeks last year too .
please do not shut the government shutdown  .
 gibzon21 itll probably be just a shutdown to rest for a couple weeks.
 jezmundzmusic  clayfoot  5280 native  fivethirtyeight it s a cult  no doubt about it  i find it odd his floor was .
 narceducator if when the dems start impeachment proceedings  amp  public hearings trump will retaliate in order to tak .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
okay ako naman ang magshu shutdown  bye world .
service outage  steam shutdown at teachers  education bldg  closed  more info at .
trump approval ratings    normalized approval calculated by     36 4  all time low 12 16 17  ba .
 jordanhklein yeah  depth gets you thru the season  studs finish it off   i think maeda could be that shutdown guy  .
 oriel irl  travis view its kinda weird bc normally id think we should shame and or shutdown those ideas  maybe i .
 lawrence media always confuses it with the government shutdown which did hurt republicans.
want to see how  asufootball wr  nkealharry15 matches up against our resident shutdown cb  stevemariucci      tune in .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 dipdtruck i think the bullpen is league average at best  dont really have a shutdown guy anymore  maybe julio eve .
 gop  jim jordan no new indictments because trump appointed barr to shutdown the investigation  you are lying again .
ready or ready    easter sunday and monday    shoprite owerri stand up   for we are coming to shutdown the city     .
if you on how do i can do have them to shutdown back those three event released earlier  sent to generate enough an .
nancy pelosi gain the shutdown  while at everything they have the great state of dollars and.
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify   .
 mottm  reprashida why bring up clinton  and it was trump that caused the shutdown because of a temper tantrum over a wall.
mulai hari ini  saya nak shutdown segala perkara yang telah berlaku     hello kehidupan baru .
 narceducator yes  and he will utilize all the powers that are available to him to use and abuse  when the dems too .
lately mmg keja 11 30 dah shutdown hahahah  penat dia lain mcm .
magic sysrq shutdown cheatshirt tee shirt    linux   .
its time to recover and shutdown   see you all in a few hours   xoxo.
 dslundberg  paulstorms    the extended partial government shutdown has resulted in a substantial backlog of cbp s .
today in gaming history     8 years ago   one of my favorite games  portal 2 was released for the pc  ps3 and 360  po .
after the rumor was shutdown back in november they decided to bring it back  good  .
7th inning update     kylewaller15 continues to shutdown morton with another scoreless inning  jake harmon singles  .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  a simple tweak of the windows 10 registry   infosec.
rt arstechnica  from the start of the month   if we just take the official shutdown dates that have already occurre .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 koreyzzz aqw server shutdown is happening right now and  alina ae i love letting korey know.
 kartpath  sunrisemvmt hippocracy you talk about climate change and are about to shutdown pilgrim station   the onl .
from the start of the month   if we just take the official shutdown dates that have already occurred in 2019  a goo .
just played  tommy  86   the shutdown of humanity  transhumanism .
 paulstorms this makes me happy i renewed last fall before the shutdown .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown     cybersecurity  hacker .
 datruth913  desmondtrufant always liked him   he needs to catch a few of those picks he drops every year   hope he .
.
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 jasonba78292933 willard mitt romney refuses to answer this question  how many shares of stock did your wife hold i .
muslim youth volunteers show up to keep national parks clean amid government shutdown  .
 rockafire hello  mr  fecther   jim  jimcarrey seifeld impersonation   what is the deal with the shutdown of showbiz .
 jtrebelhorn  0  desienaace  thehill well just one would be the fraudulent trump foundation which was shutdown beca .
 woochinsights  kevinmkruse when he looks incompetent or crooked  basically the spread closed slowly at the dec   1 .
 catatonic     thehill well yeah and to think this is only one part of his criminality  dont forget that the trump .
ive been wondering where ive been since the coh shutdown  i seriously used to play it every waking moment  now i .
 smalltownandrew  armyproudparent  realdonaldtrump so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutd .
 anonlokal  jvdas iskariot mendingan ngaku di hack drpd ngaku salah entry   bilang aja hacker jago bangat   bisa ng .
 aoc so keep your gnd and shutdown the nuclear power plants  smarty .
 omis p redding  fairshakefb houston has scouted the hell outta him  also been reports he could switch to safety  i .
 csites73  jaysekulow  gop 1  there were issues in the 25m ob    2  shutdown  pelosi would not negotiate  she took   .
 martinknight   bettybunny23 how many fecking police   this is an insult to the operation shutdown protest which wa .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  techrepublic  .
i keep mulling this over and wanted to add one thing  i think if i had sought diagnosis before mysevere shutdown  i .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 afriggabytoto  thisisinsider  arianagrande  beyonce when your ass shutdown superbowl  with performance     2nd only .
 gamestrailerzer  gamingxaddict  verdict4489 yet you were foaming at the mouth over the thought of them being shutd .
skepta   shutdown.
 jacksonchadwic i actually dont think  willhurd is all that bad  voted to end the shutdown  wants the tax returns .
entergy corp   which owns the indian point energy center in buchanan that is scheduled to close within the next two .
city leaders have been denied access to that engineering report  they say they still don t know exactly what led to .
this is why i spent most of the day once i got home in shutdown  in a dark cool room with noise reducing headphones .
 johannaihli  cnn i m talking about the federal workers who just got out of a shutdown and are looking forward to a .
 sbbarclay  ferguson2811  thesnpmedia     civil disobedience  ignore so called  reserved powers .
power lines are down across hwy 86 where the tornado hit  this house has sustained major damage  hwy 86 is shutdown .
 deaconblues16 try being stuck in a plane at orlando for the last three hours like i have  the whole airport is on shutdown.
 clubpenguin this is why club penguin shutdown .
shutdown.
 amockingbird  shelleyelwood  cheerful exgf  katgyrl yeah but then we d point out how everything they believe and o .
windows nt 4 0 startup and shutdown sounds  .
    civil disobedience  ignore so called  reserved powers   constrain anti scottish msm  cut oil .
 cryptoalaska  wnbolts  omaproud  gabrielmalor  donald j trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of musl .
 heavenlycontrol its more of a gray area imo both sides have people who take to far using the term but yes i do agr .
 bopinion we are a paycheck to paycheck nation   see what happened to families during govt shutdown  avg americans .
 etihadhelp boarding ey242 at lahore  pakistan and mismanagement is at its peak  people cutting into the lines and .
antes de whatsapp  lo ms avanzado para comunicarse en lnea era blackberry messenger  ahora tiene los das contado .
 bbm is shutting down in may .
 tomtsec this is a muslim invasion in europe  amp  north america  no gun s needed  only a bank account and a traitor to .
life returns to normal in kashmir valley aftershutdown  .
south american server   thats the one getting shutdown  didnt mean to put an s  didnt want any confusion with other servers .
 ideagov what is the financial impact the 1st hour or day  in a week  a month  the us has not fully recovered from the last trump shutdown .
engadget original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 neurorebel i m 18  i still meltdown occasionally  perhaps i m just not trying hard enough to hold it off  happens .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
if you need a shutdown press man corner  joejuan taylor is a top option  i wouldnt be surprised if hes gone on da .
who uses  intellijidea here   i ve installed it because i want to use it to learn  kotlin based on  udacity  kotlin .
im afraid my brains in shutdown mode .
 happnow slow going across benicia martinez bridge   several nb lanes on 680 shutdown after box truck fire catches .
pero shutdown na ako pag nahuli ako naglalaro pa rin hahaha.
 thomassherm  brendam29028258  reluctantactvst  rebel 14  fatcatredhat  owenhjohnson1  realdonaldtrump  aoc     you .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 gregd180  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump what about the government shutdown  trump owned that.
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  techrepublic  .
tech is retired in order in the first  and the robbins posts another shutdown frame in t2  heart of the lineup due .
national parks face lasting damage long after government shutdown ends  thanks democrats   .
steps for safety  getting your boiler ready for a shutdown  mechanicalservices  .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
.
 kmutisi  hbaldwin they have invoked their own public order laws in the same way our govt did  may they quantify ho .
i live in the bay area  most progressive part of our nation  and many of my friends  amp  neighbors never heard of muel .
 craigsmiffy1  susan28253793  usajohnk  sds bryant  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump ended the shutdown while not caving to hostage tactics .
 acewg none of the dbs u namin is nowhere betta than 2 0  stop kidding ya self man   none of these dbs can shutdown .
shutdown corner  champ bailey  broncos .
end of 5th  shsu 3  a amp m cc 0    dunn notches her 6th k of the game and gets a shutdown inning     .
 an 11 year old girl could be deported because of a court error triggered by the government shutdown   laura and he .
 realdonaldtrump if you and  barr dare try and weaponize the  doj you will be removed from office very quickly   ev .
growing weary of tsa sidelining me for extra screening due to a  groin anomaly  each time i fly      my global entry  .
24 hours later  i still want to hear from barr and mueller about how the sco was shutdown and why   there are sever .
 senatorromney i like the second part of what you said     but mitt eased russian sanctions during trump shutdown  .
 bikemanstream  pratzstrike  russianvodka007 i agree this is a bit shady  however something that became apparent wh .
i find it funny that the most expensive services in america are the most common services to break  fail or shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump you re going to opine about the reasonableness of expenditures   really      you ve wasted more th .
fwiw  i suspect both byford  amp  cuomo know this  and i believe we re witnessing a low key power struggle between them .
 purpleandgold ebersol addressed this in the q amp a  basically  in ce s view  it started to take form in the weeks aft .
 amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat   los angeles times   .
do you think potus is enjoying his weekend       kinda like karma for his government shutdown at christmas time for m .
 realdonaldtrump government shutdown cost the us economy  11 billion   .
 thehumble 21  jalenramsey we need a shutdown corner  .
 bigleaguepol shutdown rash     triple ice and border patrol agents     deputize all border residents  shutdown the .
the igbos have made themselves a commodity in this nigeria  like it or not  went to the market yesterday  they had .
 z1battleroyale i red shutdown first lol.
 snorkel42 it just shutdown our last domino servers   feel your pain.
 ruxcytbl  lisastark351  curseofleinart  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump donald trumps solution is a wall rather t .
c est qui le mec qui passe commande en mme temps qu ils shutdown les bornes    .
work life balance is important  wrap up that coffee chat or shutdown that spreadsheet and head home for the weekend .
 realdonaldtrump just what have taxpayers spent on your follies   golf travel  phony invasions  travel for melania .
nobody in their right senses will quit on a relationship yaka survivor nguva ye internet shutdown.
 realdonaldtrump shutdown much .
4 hard financial lessons learned from the federal government shutdown  governmentshutdown  financialfreedom .
  they turned off my brain  going into shutdown mode    .
 luvmydogchewy many people don t feel those breaks  also there were incentives for companies to invest in their for .
 crosbysux i think sam steel is the next in line for the top center spot  he will learn from getzlaf and play under .
 ankitsr36337894  r    s   aijata2  moca goi putting money is no option  any money put in jetairways will only drag .
 for part or not working     this unit power on  but dont appear on computer setup  i use this unit 1 mount after .
finna b on shutdown again so tomorrow is yall last day too see me on the outs for a minnnn.
yuval harari  a distinction to whats really real is if the thing suffers  a building cannot suffer  pepsi cannot .
why didnt i make a dude who just flirts with girls left n right and gets shutdown every time  looking at all the beautiful alphagals.
 moo12152  benbbaldwin  bendixennfl  cmikesspinmove ya very true  i really thought vernon hargreaves was gonna be a .
what happened when good friday agreement collepes      1  government shutdown  2  brexit withdrawal  3  world war iii    goodfriday.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 onwithlogic i think you re onto something   but sessions is a hero in my book   thousands upon thousands of child .
zlatan ibile shutdown bovi man on fire  warri edition 2019  .
 dycy5239  adamparkhomenko  barackobama haha   he was trying to justify his govt shutdown .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump why isnt fox being shutdown   it is not a news station   isnt there a law against .
interesting design aspect of  mtgwar   there are no blue or white enchantments like pacifism  only bounce   oblivio .
i just hibernate it because it does that eventually without much resistance  but shutdown is this whole thing where .
 aison jnr baba see us for person wedding  balle namu  come marry this babe make we shutdown  abeg .
 kamalaharris that s right  trumpians say  we are  proud americans  when they can t even protect our national parks .
 quintondoswell2 you know the deal q  real shutdown in the slot nd outside.
 vincemendoza  shutdown.
imagine his staff obeys him and carries another shutdown  closes the border  sends immigrants to other cities etc   .
yes  criminal barr will soon attempt to shutdown sdny investigations unless dems start hearings to  impeachtrump .
 amishra77 lol  only 3 lac created as per cii survey which is mostly documented from e comm  amp  service based msmes  .
 msnbc  alivitali  ewarren is only candidate so far introduced policies that are good for progress agendas amp usa  sh .
rip my precious bbm  .
 farhip sorry  but instant polls like this one often have bad samples  let s wait until next week when a number of .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  engadget.
 edgomex  applesupport i have absolutely same problem with my macbook pro 13 2016  apple should hear about it  plea .
 ndunguwainaina jamaica na bangi zao are not boarding  while kenyans are streaming in for registration after being .
 illespal  cryptobacon  hashfunk why would it be overtaken i dont see this  if something is potentially illegal it .
 rev b wayne  thehill  repraskin  hilltvlive then in his budget before the shutdown they gave him everything he pro .
 elienyc  thebeatwithari i really believe whitaker started the mueller shut down before he could get to the trump k .
different news clips  theres too much of team trumps planned chaos to keep up with everything      pelosi ref was f .
 beyonce shutdown the world last year at  beychella  amp  now the homecoming documentary is available on  netflix  the .
wait   bbm is still around    blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 skynews  zoroastriannews  survival is all about  shutdown of below crust pressure  extraction   climateprogress  i .
to stay with the only cellular service ive had  folks couldnt understand why when there were so many other choice .
 nbcnews love the idea  tie up the government with trivial things and forget the shutdown coming up  no budget    2020 being played out now .
when the rink is closed  you gotta go do something else  enjoy the pictures from the rocket skate staff and alumni .
 illespal  cryptobacon  hashfunk maybe  maybe not  economics  competition means if one miner gets shutdown another .
stocks rise as the government shutdown  temporarily  ends    adaptiveleadership.
thinking of buying in a golfcommunity  .
 mattcyborgelt  socalsafety1st it could have been an in flight shutdown  ifsd  on one engine or both but the aircra .
jon gruden s power play continues in his shutting out of raiders scouts over trust issues  f .
ha ha  the bbc always runs the uk down  it hates the british people  bbc will destroy the uk unless it is shutdown .
for people who follow me but dont follow h1 z1  anymore     season 3 ends tues 4 30   sa servers getting shutdown 4 .
 automatic crs eliminate the one penalty that can force compromise over appropriations bills  the threat that one p .
 jwheels74  realdonaldtrump fun fact  the only reason the rotors are stopped in full shutdown of marine one when it .
shut down tonight  me and my team  zic believe me in no time we go shutdown the whole world   sapade  ogun  hustle .
 gatorinvestor  markbspiegel when do they shutdown their solar cell branch .
hey  so ive just recently shutdown my old website in favor for a much more cleaner one  the old site was built wit .
 holdavision  deanobeidallah  realdonaldtrump i support an economic boycott now and shutdown   taking to the street .
 sustainablemags  lrobertsonmiami i m talking the macarthur drawbridges at downtown and alton replaced 1995 97  tha .
gulfstream g iv full flight engine start to shutdown kfxe kpbi   pilot v     via  youtube.
 mtamaryland camden line officially shutdown  fatalory outside of muirkirk  gonna be a long wait to get home  fml .
and if you want to come a shutdown the whole ball  you can even do up squad goals and wear matching attire .
zlatan ibile shutdown bovi man on fire  warri edition 2019  .
 cherry95687 oh  it was kojiden  yeah  i booted him from bmt like two years before the shutdown .
 ramprasad c journal already know  rahulgandhi incompetence  amp  low iq stupid      to watch his interview  channel sh .
this whole stop  amp  shop workers strike  shutdown has everyone fighting to the death for food at wegmans this week.
 jhusain  atosbik  youtube hey guys  i took some time to see this but here is a copy of it  sorry for the inconveni .
guess y all know what time is it   and we re keeping it real this  easter     its a shutdown something     catch me p .
 statehousekenya if we comply to huduma  we don t need census since there s a shutdown in network for those ain t c .
me      absolutely no one     me      drake  mans neva been in marquee when its shutdown yea    truuuusss me daddi.
at the  feedingamerica annual conference  19 food banks received a special  brand new living our values award for t .
 jetairways shutdown ur services  hurt me    flying with ur team was truly great experience  .
 jentaub  devincow yes   barr shutdown the investigation as soon as he was confirmed   barr has done exactly what h .
leaving the  twitter and  facebook accounts of supporters  amp  members of  iran s irgc  enables them to spread their f .
 rev b wayne  thehill  repraskin  hilltvlive first there was a government shutdown   they have passed some legislat .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actu     googlealerts.
wow  im officially an employee of the f deral g vt whew      let there be another shutdown  im fighting someone this time .
 barstoolsports  starting9 .
 thedailybeast like he has any credibility   daddy paid to get him out of trouble when he was young  heavy associat .
i also remember other things i have done in jailbreak community  like shutdown bya several times  accidentally kill .
 sylvesterturner i kinda don t want to see a city wide government shutdown at the end of june 2019  please work wit .
 kubuntu  kubuntu 18 04 lts wont shutdown  blackscreen  .
diddums   gt    extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  shutdo .
 thhollister  tyehimbajahsi  truthhouseprods  brasilmagic  mesaare  sscrmp they do that anyway  why do think everyo .
kiedy w polsce ludzie bd mwi tak oczywiste rzeczy    extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  przez  youtube.
 bigkevstl1959  designationsix honestly i wish twitter would just shutdown.
 gopleader congressman mccarthy  is there anything you can to in regards to the so called shutdown of oil refinerie .
great example of the db staying square and getting hands on  route shutdown .
 frcdc  rep hunter congressman hunter  is there anything you can to in regards to the so called shutdown of oil ref .
also  speaker pelosi was successful in forcing  realdonaldtrump to end his own manufactured government shutdown  .
justin trudeau was auditioning and practicing in demagoguery years ago  funny to hear him say he believes in the ru .
i m only on twitter now because of miiverse s shutdown btw.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
and when they started the fake jill stein recount in michigan  many of the opened boxes were short of what they sho .
 chsommers  fedsoc the concept of human beings using fake tears distress as a strategy to control situations is ver .
 jonspokerwriter  joeingram1  bp22 rio would shut them down   someone was doing runs for coffee last year  i believ .
fellas  apparently      ibekachikwu just realized that our refineries needs to be completely shutdown and refurbish .
 fox5dc this  amp  dream market shutdown why the streets dry now.
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
keep encountering a nasty bug where fl studio on mac causes my entire computer to shutdown  the cpu usage in fl tri .
shutdown heute mit einem tilman s biere brown ale  mir persnlich zu aromahopfig  brauch i nimma  prost  .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
 jesse finlay their facebook says they got shutdown .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
laredo  tx mayor pete saenz discusses the potential impact of a u s  mexico border shutdown      listen to the full c .
 actualaero at least one more game style  some new backgrounds and enemies  i also wish they add some miiverse repl .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
another reason to shutdown the epa   cozy relationship between the epa  amp  monsanto revealed during third roundup canc .
owner of mardi gras casino files suit over shutdown of sports betting app .
 mcfunkypants game is running mostly throughout the entire day  with no shutdown  as any c   code changes are compi .
 jungushikenp5 mementos  that stupid place filled with assholes not bad enough to get a proper palace  but twisted .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   ottnews  ottawa .
 ddale8 limbaugh skipped out on his show for a super secret meeting according to m  steyn  obviously not so secret  .
blackberry wants to rescue users of the doomed bbm messaging service by giving them access to its corporate product .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
 stonebwoyb      bhim man ah support unu tin since day one man just ah beg fi a single autograph pon in shirt an .
emergency water repair    the water will be off in the following locations due to an emergency mainline repair  view .
second time i ve force shutdown my laptop in two nights.
  slow down  slow down   shut down  shut down    shutdown the lonely before you drown    .
 lindathomas102  ballybunionbog of course she wants to shutdown i c e   she wants to open the floodgates  let her m .
account got shutdown  long story  heres my new twitter .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app .
end of an era  thanks for the memories  bbm  .
 neurorebel when i m alone  or with people i do not trust  more shutdown  but in safe spaces still meltdowns    i ha .
 wedonopeneyes  grassrootsdnc or was it because trump wanted to see and investigation into a crime he didn t commit shutdown .
 shutdown a joint venture between  qualcomm and chinese government will be closed soon this month  what are the o .
news  frank oconnor has shutdown the battle royale rumor   we are not doing any of this now   no plans to     fo .
          dhanam .
 cnnpolitics  cnnnewsroom yah theyre not remember the government shutdown and how it effected millions of american .
 barackobama  senschumer  cnnpolitics  msnbc  maddow  acosta  speakerpelosi  comey  donaldjtrumpjr  repadamschiff .
rip   blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
im salty at everyone going on vacations when i basically owe my job my life thanks to the govt shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump   820contd   countdown564     shutdown   good    lessgovernment    big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
 jalenramsey hasn t missed a damn game his entire nfl career has shutdown the best of the best wrs in the nfl and t .
 complexminded one of the huge issues ive seen atm is servers are just ugh  gt  lt  don t know why but imo shutdown some .
gov shutdown means hotel boom  sexy hotels and cocktails  .
 roblox  eggtuallyrbx last time i just collect all letters then server got shutdown disconnect server      thanks .
shut it down and watch business thrive  .
casino operator suing over shutdown of sports betting app .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app   the washington post .
 djchocolatemlk  charlesadler bull  km was not walking away from a billion   investment  stop smoking weed   amp  it no .
 nidkirm quite the nerve of ik to criticize the  tone  of a peaceful movement when he used to abuse his opponents  .
brookhaven alert     wires down at hampton hall dr hallcrest dr  road will be shutdown until further notice .
some of you have heard that emtek has decided to shutdown bbm consumer side    most of you will laugh  but the the .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app   san francisco chronicle  .
 bloody charlatans .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men   i think .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
u s  doles out millions during shutdown   vulnerable costa rican youth    aids in mozambique .
 michael youhana that sounds like a bad political strategy to me  whats the end goal and demands  trump able to sh .
 berniesanders yeah shutdown all greedy medical insurance company like  aboutkp  uhc   blueshieldca    anthembcbs .
how do ordinary people manage during an internet shutdown  for some  a sudden loss of internet access can throw the .
tonight pull up   shutdown kingz    easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky frid .
 in pubs followed  i m back trying to regain my nearly 3k followers that i lost when my acct was shutdown with no w .
shutdown lang because i m not going to start again .
 metpoliceevents  metpoliceuk how is what they are doing not classed as terrorism  they tried to shutdown heathrow  .
 txsmatt  erictrump  cnn this wall that is proposed to be built  on our taxpayer money  which was supposed to be pa .
 hidden tallent thats true but believe it or not crabtree  amp  brown are losses who havent been replaced  but yeah t .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify   .
 tjsilentnomore those early signs  tj  those early signs   stonewalling is common  the complete shutdown of mature  .
 johnpeate5  scribulatora so  no doctors or nurses     sounds like fine decisions will be made     is there a way we ca .
 lawrence but it s a fact it helped clinton s approval ratings  and a fact we re headed into an election year     the .
facing internet restrictions  journalists turn to vpns  but doesn t help central anecdote of .
its a total shutdown on 22nd of april at aquatic hotel  ikeja  lagos  as  easterbbqfestlagos is shutting down the .
  oh look michigan s new governor  govwhitmer wants to hurt the state s economy.
 historyteachera  rickpetree employees    i grew up in dc  amp  my dad worked for nasa  amp  faa for years so i already res .
 putnamprogress  reprashida trouble with that scenario trump is causing global problems as well as being for rich p .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
fyi   for my friends and family in michigan  .
   cbssports  can you explain the circumstances leading up to  aaf bankruptcy      charlieebersol  beats me  thought .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump if he is going to keep trying  brainwash americans that he s better than president o .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 ayledgend you is a shutdown.
cant sleep  bakit ba ayaw mag shutdown ng utak ko  ang daming iniisip .
backpage is gone  but a more graphic version is again fueling prostitution  maybe legalizati .
natapos ang buhay ni freya sa isang simpleng shutdown.
 amazon  plans to  shutdown  china  marketplace in  rare  retreat   amazonwebservices.
imusicmarketer   out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify .
 nicolejchi  skirchy  beckyvevea i cant blame them for feeling used when they see the lengths at which the dem lea .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app .
all   immigration should be  shutdown  invadersout before  newimmigrationpolicies and  lawstoprevent this situation .
 cnn  scottjenningsky  cnnopinion when do you guys plan to shutdown completely  thats the best thing for this coun .
 clubpenguin why did you had shutdown to club penguin .
i was told to write him which i did  he never answered me  he had the balls to say that during the shutdown he took .
 leoniabatlan  transitcenter  humantransit  rosscatrow  nyctbus the l train shutdown .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 phineasfrogg im pretty sure that advice is part of why i shutdown so easily  effectively  and completely without .
 alishagrauso  smashtraves ever tried to figure out the line combinations for the ducks  who plays defence anyway  .
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat .
a legends fade out  .
i can tell you who isn t  my two worthless american traitor senators     lindseygrahamsc    senatortimscott   ffs   th .
 demander9  diemand9 .
 irvgirl me  weve walked 8 miles in the sun today plus the 7 miles i did on the treadmill yesterday  ive shutdown .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
ha   you just can t make this stuff up   congressman  rashidatlaib calls for all americans to go on a hunger strike .
 michaelbennet congrats    looking forward for your 2020 run   i admire your senate talk back when the government s .
dam  i just got paid from the government for playing army finally   the shutdown s fault  and i got paid for taxes  .
click bait shit  euston been advising of the shutdown this easter since january    it s not a shock ffs   .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
 bookwormbaby25 shutdown dean is kind of terrifying  even when hes only halfway shutdown .
.
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
       .
wajahat shabir srinagar  normal life resumed across kashmir on friday after a day long strike the preceding day on .
normalcy returns to kashmir after ls election shutdown .
 sanesophisticat  wildweezle  bea kindal  media auntie  3guylink  nasty woman1  dinasas69  taggartrehnn .
a casino operator is suing a tech company after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betting platform at two wes .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 missmercury2120  kamalaharris yes  congress really stepped up to the plate to protect the national parks from dest .
owner of mardi gras casino files suit over shutdown of sports betting app .
 envirolizh  chefprimeval im sorry elizabeth  we spark shutdown december 30th  2018  however chef prime is killing .
.
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines south of reagan national airport .
 beadragonne  larry author  kamalaharris yes  congress really stepped up to the plate to protect the national parks .
the l train not quite a shutdown begins in one week  and there are still a lot of unanswered questionswhich weve .
so comrade talib is calling for people to join her in a hunger strike to shutdown ice  if we convince all her suppo .
rt curbedny  the l train not quite a shutdown begins in one week  and there are still a lot of unanswered questions .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
for america  i wont have time for golf  he has lied since day one and continues the lies today   he is a dictator .
 kamalaharris yes  congress really stepped up to the plate to protect the national parks from destruction during th .
the l train not quite a shutdown begins in one week  and there are still a lot of unanswered questionswhich weve .
 wildweezle  bandieranancy  3guylink  oprman  media auntie  nasty woman1  sanesophisticat  dinasas69  taggartrehnn .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 polygonalpizza man reading this reminded me that joe and dante had a special interaction in mvc3  since dante was .
really  i remember being inside the walter reed national military medical center when barack obama was potus  nobod .
another shutdown with my nigga  diamond boy  faniicko at the  mtnfreshconcert parakou we haven t even started at al .
 robchristie11  pjmedia com yeah the hunger strike is lame  but a sitting congresswoman advocating for citizens to .
pour one out for bbm  as blackberry messenger for consumers is shutting down for good on may 31st  .
 suleikhasnyder favorite romance novel in each genre  per author  each trope  i mean  some of these are also imposs .
 neurorebel definitely shutdown in both childhood and adulthood   its like a blanket being put over my brain .
im sick  amp  tired of dem leadership telling us they know best when the rt have played them for yrs  amp  always outmaneu .
best rubbish player on ipl 2019  if i owner  team management of  kkr   i must shutdown  robin uthappa  nonsense  ru .
this reminds me of the  vergecast interview  reckless did with  bradsmi back in august 2018  back then i thought br .
the owner of mardi gras casino in nitro is suing a tech company after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betti .
 aaronboonerants  dom 2k this is bad  this brings more attention to why ratings are down and r nbastreams could eas .
  via .
because its free doesnt mean you dont treat it with respect  dont be one of those  jerks during the government .
slick roads  parts of us 74 is shutdown after a big rig overturned near bethlehem rd in cleveland county  driver is .
delaware north is suing miomni gaming after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betting platform at two west vi .
 sardanarohit ek chota sa idol bhi apne sath rakhlo aur namo ki pic bhi  lighter bhi allow karenge for aarti jab na .
 zomato  swiggy  ubereats  foodpanda   zomato please shutdown your operations at night if you are not capable enough .
heathrow protest  extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to s .
they are here to break the language barrier and they are doing an amazing job at it so far  .
in the news  small businesses still reel from the shutdown  zoholics wows austin crowd  .
 damocleansword  speakerpelosi poor nancy  her electoral mandate has been overshadowed by trump s govt shutdown non .
perfectly stated  people are drawn to perceived strength  not to serial weakness  pelosi was never more popular tha .
 saucydanielle  choi aj  davepilotsharks  jessegranger   badideabeth  tmobilearena  sapcenter nobody is saying that .
 tlindlahr my car only shutdown on me at year 5 and required towed  no big deal  love it .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app  from  ap  .
 raqldeleon  whoisciv  alandersh you are entitled to your opinion as it is a constitutionally protected right under .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 jakenbake59  nationpenguins yup  rutherford commented yesterday he liked something along the lines of one puck mov .
just waiting for my phone to shutdown and will surely go back trying to sleep.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
how much is your outfit  south africa shutdown   via  youtube .
 imjungshook  shutdown k yeyeyeye .
  ddotdc should keep fl ave shutdown to cars indefinitely   bikedc .
.
 jetairways  vinaydube  jetairwaysshutdown   can someone stand and walk over to marketing or it guys and inform them .
numbness is a feeling    shutdown is a feeling    not wanting to deal with your feelings is a feeling     hating feelings .
 ross mcmillan  jkenney the  canrevagency is going to shutdown your charity scam  amp  collect hundreds of millions in .
 angrierwhstaff  cherkalleck ive supported  mueller  amp  his team from day 1  amp  continue to do so  they did a phenomen .
 thameswater not happy easter if living in south woodford snaresbrook  owing to road shutdown by your team creating .
 kimdiane11  jeffreestar i was a federal government employee who was affected by the shutdown in january  i had som .
rahulji  respected my president please see the matter for  recent incidenten of shutdown of private airways for ref .
jonga      twitter must be shutdown now  angeke .
 mag4 ame so you don t want them employ jet airways staff  since it s a temporary shutdown  .
 repost bigbrodasrecords          repost  tizzyhola  get repost     ararararaaaaa   catch me live at the new a .
 repost bigbrodasrecords          repost  tizzyhola  get repost     ararararaaaaa   catch me live at the new a .
 shutdown 21 iyaa  culik aku tolong   .
i noticed the same a few times at the ninth circuit  i hope it was in or a little after the shutdown .
take a nap she says tuh that shit be so dead for me   i be wanting to but my body wont ever shutdown legit gotta d .
 hoarsewisperer this is absolutely true     it s also true that when they encounter people who respond firmly and non .
as the steelers have proven  cornerback is one of the highest bust rate positions in the league  in part because of .
 rzstprogramming  markgeragos id love to know what  shutdown  he is referring to   they were not all shut down at o .
 cbzholdings a big  bank like yours lacks pr especially with the on going upgrade first   the timing is bad because .
 mhowe1980 thats the same people who knocked over a giant cactus 3 second into the government shutdown  self regulate  .
 terrorjester  thehill  hilltvlive negotiations  he wont budge unless he got his wall  he was the one throwing the .
 skynews didn t she fly early from new york to heathrow to avoid the possible shutdown .
this new legislation would help federal workers applying for a mortgage during a government shutdown  here s what y .
 jamesit86785189 us emb shutdown based on anr warning  drc gov has major interest to magnify threat  no verifiable .
 g no government shutdown and then it still happen and when it happen those who were still saying there would be no .
 iam davido  thekayafest shutdown .
america is broken  they are just one government shutdown away from not being a first world country  amazon doesn t .
id sleep charging rein    surrounded by our team  alone    no one could kill him  shutdown ulting genji with a sle .
 senmarkey  realdonaldtrump  senatemajldr hawaii  new york  california and other states that believe this garbage  .
.
 smithuboho we wanted to shutdown 1xbet.
 cryptolottery3 this is a hard one to answer  on one hand i wonder who started the movement and it would shutdown a .
iranians on social media are calling on all platforms  including twitter  to suspend  amp  shutdown accounts associated .
 chrisri80029765  aoc  rashidatlaib i m not a jerk  i just believe you should prosecute people based on sanity  you .
 shutdown 21 gara  kerjaan juga   suntuk  pengen liburan akutuh.
 exelongen you need to shutdown nuclear power plants and build plants that use clean pennsylvania s natural gas  much cheaper than nuclear .
how about we ban all political advertising on the internet   a total and complete shutdown until our country s repr .
 gop  kellyannepolls  trump  wanna shutdown future bogus investigations     billtheinvestigators  30 million  all o .
 eli adj  lucianoklos  footballitalia i know what  amp  where curva nord is      but you cant shouldnt punish everyone be .
 dodgerblue1958 he will be r shutdown bullpen x factor this year.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled  .
grenade found  hilo transfer station temporarily shutdown thursday  april18  .
 rich4theskies we are no where close to the change we deserve  we nigerians aint tired of whats happening yet  wh .
 jysexton  cartermdsusan the investigation ended abruptly  no way in hell it wasnt shutdown by barr  .
 fenstermakerd the shutdown was from 12 22 to 1 25  so q2 will be the rebound .
a great talk by dr dana aljaafari  aljaafaridanah   presented today at epilepsy shutdown meeting  neurology .
 ingressmosaik do you have a contact form after the shutdown of google  .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
     .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
  teezy28 its stuff to do in montgomery  everything just get shutdown because we dont know how to act  amp  take care of things.
semi vs car accident causes partial shutdown on i 71 south .
 shutdown 21 kayanya aku emng butuh  treat khusus    .
 rednationrising hunger strike to shutdown ice  ice should get a discount at chick a fila .
charlie ebersol tells his side of the story through  benkercheval at  cbssports  this is a very interesting read ab .
can emergency shutdown be in xindicta .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
        50.
us 1 shutdown  i should have already been in tampa by now on vacay.
 saxmachine11  frntofficesport so we finally have something on record from ebersol  now whether this is accurate or .
3 where s his tax returns   u done ur taxes  i had to pay a couple grad more     4 he shutdown the goverment cuz .
 proudgenzciswh1  mbprdc  nickmon1112  nwinfield those accounts dont exist  this is the weakest attempt to push so .
so wait  hunger strike from mn rep to shutdown ice    delusions people  oust her from the house .
wait   people still use blackberry  .
hes talking but not really saying much   aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the leagues shutdown     .
why is hefford commentating  she  amp  the cwhl gave up their seat at the table when they chose to shutdown .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming   9to5mac .
 realdonaldtrump   tom fitton   trump should have shutdown the mueller they knew they had no collusion   instead he l .
      w .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
slowly but surely  it feels like trumps armor is chipping away     1  losing the house in 2018  2  blamed for governm .
 chriscaple not planned as a shutdown  but heres an action thats happening saturday  .
heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
hr     .
 umehoma it seems like they have shutdown already before announcing .
    reprashida  rashida tlaib calls for a hunger strike to shutdown ice    this is your new  democraticparty     she is .
taehyung   windows shutdown noises  .
        .
senator mcconnell  a tobacco ally  supports raising age to buycigarettes .
 thehill nearly 100 days into nancy pelosis second tenure as house speaker  shes ticked off several top legislati .
 crypto bobby what did he prove  only his shutdown is pumping  guess who holds more than 50  of the supply  yes cz  .
1800 2100 shutdown  sign out now  come chill with us at black swan or do uber if you have bills on the mind  either .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
help  where can i find log files for dbfs on 12c  trying to identify hung process with dbfs preventing clean shutdo .
 sport aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 shutdown 21 resiko tanggung jawab masing2 kan  ga suka tgal unfol nder  semangat.
its  goodfriday  stockmarket is closed  wallstreet is shutdown but  bitcoin moving nice     whoissatoshinakamoto.
slide into spring with a new liner for your rotary drum  order now for summer shutdown   .
 craigc6269  bbwave2020  arlene8022  brithume over 4000 lawsuits for cheating vendors  for which trump settled most .
pretty sure the 35 day government shutdown by the president over his vanity border wall is enough to impeach  tbh.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 charliecroom  kpk it wasn t a problem until google inbox shutdown  similar to you i only use a couple widgets  ca .
have you ever shut down your plant for  preventativemaintenance  learn the crucial long term impact in  rasmechs b .
conditions vary with each economic cycle  but the government shutdown and other economic sectors are already af     .
i need to look at the gov shutdown  amp  wall shit my gawd can these politicians drop dead already .
 shutdown 21 sabar bosq.
plattsmouth water plant remains shutdown due to flooding  kmanews .
kerasa sedih pas tau kalau bbm akan di shutdown  see u in future  thx for everything .
 macii23  thehill  repjerrynadler how much money has the trump family cost taxpayers   trips  breaking the secret s .
 youtube      no more ads  uber  shutdown foreclose wish thought you were driverless not peoples driving g at a  fa .
thursday   brewers shutdown athome .
 mlpeterso  aoc  rashidatlaib you really are a jerk    how quick to forget the shutdown and all the harm done to mi .
 greasefactory16  garygmpunk lmao thanks i didnt knew about it too  i mean thats kinda dumb  he couldve just shu .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump wrong again nancy    this is getting a bit repetitive    btw  still waiting for you .
 magi jay  jackjonesbabe remember during the shutdown when those same people thought she was going to blow it and t .
happy good friday fams amp fans  ararararaaaaa   catch me live at the new africa shrine ikeja on saturday cc .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
jet airways shutdown raises doubts on role of sbi  govt .
 timesofindia  narendramodi but who killed golden goose   5 5 crore jobs lost   over 2 millions smes shutdown  farm .
 bn9weather it always feels haunting to see nobody on the bridge every time its shutdown.
 gk1972  dbongino and tlaib  calling for shutdown of ice .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
liba originally came out hard against the paint changes that made biking safer on 13th st  they produced an  anonym .
 muneebawajid1 plant shutdown hoga to maintenance ki planning krni.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  engadget.
dont miss out on the ultimate weekend shutdown   get your tickets now by clicking  and .
 sparkywpg there was no excuse not to have the lowry on the ice in that situation     putting connor scheif and whe .
 peter grinspoon would it need to be a cause of the overdose  and would it include alcohol and nicotine   tylenol  .
 spicyfiiesredux  frankfigliuzzi1 one of the many key question congress should ask barr and anyone from muellers t .
really wanna go food fiesta tmr but my body just shutdown on me  like legit im dead tired .
big shout to  spotifyuk for having my new single  so fun  in their grime shutdown playlist  big tunes in here  .
imusicmarketer   out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify .
 mojahedineng  mehrabyazdanian people s mojahedin organization of iran  pmoi mek   mojahedineng .
 wendyfiore you re acting as if a man with a fake university and a shutdown charity can t be trusted   .
the 35 day shutdown that started december 2018 and ended january this year underscored the precarious position of g .
buka laptop  connect wifi  tunggu rekapan laporan tim sebelah  makan  war moba  habis batere  charge hp  liat lapto .
the rising of shield hero is really fun  if you re wondering why i m here then  my laptop is on a thermal shutdown .
 blackberry  messenger to  shutdown in may   bbm   13yrs   1aug2005    .
today s tech news  blackberry messenger shutdown on may 31st a reflect    .
the border wall     government shutdown     the real truth about the wal     via  youtube.
 shutdown kj .
new  aaf  i recently sat down with charlie ebersol to talk about what went wrong with the start up league  our q amp a .
what a joke  if you cant afford a third coach without private funds   just shutdown your entire program you cheap a .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
when our government is at peace  and constitution meddlers have been put away  and the threat of socialism has been .
 sbnation shutdown fullback              .
air india  spicejet to lease jet airways  flights after its temporary shutdown  .
iranians on social media are calling on all platforms  including twitter  to suspend  amp  shutdown accounts associated .
my dawg  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
we need to shutdown this app  .
a pity the cops have moved in to shutdown  extinctionrebellions oxford street gathering  such a brilliant climate .
 hernangomezb pues date shutdown .
psa  blue and yellow line metro shutdown coming this summer  click here for more info from  nbcwashington about the .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 shutdown 21 capek fisik iya  capek hati iya juga .
 swiggycares shutdown service in pondicherry  you suck big time   swiggy in.
 sekusa1 this is happening because of spineless state leaders that want to be politically correct at the expense of .
 emmagf  katie honan please andy was gone when cuomo annihilated the l shutdown    the first moment something bad or .
gua lebih sedih pas club penguin di shutdown dr pada pas bbm di shutdown .
 thebanquetbeer  cnnbrk  aoc also they lost 35 days during the government shutdown.
 shutdown 21 iyaa ini mau istirahat.
 ksiolajidebt u love an appearance on grime shutdown hey  .
20 years  amp  these numbers r gob smacking  its getting worse every year  mental health is obviously not improving  w .
 andrew rotondi the lineup getting shutdown by d rated starters is by far the most frustrating part this year  and .
 macklady  trudiuni  thehill its within the powers of the congress  there is ample evidence that crimes were commi .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget .
 1776stonewall i would rather  rashidatlaib threaten to jump off the rim of the grand canyon if ice isnt shutdown .
mueller report  donald trump administration presses ahead with alaskan drilling plan despite shutdown .
still wondering  was the anc  as it seems  behind the  alexshutdown   .
 nycsouthpaw good catch  i think there s do doubt that there was much still to learn by the team but that mueller w .
 redpainter1 unless they are shutdown by the ag.
 .
blackberry messenger is shutting down inmay .
 boatsnhoagz  acosta his constant lying has undermined the office  ruined our standing in the international communi .
 ger1888lundie on days mate  ano got to take the money when its there but  you on the shutdown aye.
 neurorebel almost always a shutdown  as a kid    both .
sik lamak shutdown gik kaktok.
 footnoted after the shutdown they need to extra working days.
 bigr81  oann got it  new way to try shutdown someone     bravo  again am a smelly walmart deplorable   maga 2020.
 donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states    donald trump .
beach drive rehabilitation  shutdown entering final phase  .
 chuckdevore  jamesquinterotx what will be the argument  because is a christian business they have the right to dis .
expectations for first quarter growth have suddenly surged past 2   growth perked up late in the first quarter  to w .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 cxltheclownshow  cherijacobus  billkristol speaking of murdoch     does anyone know why he was meeting in .
4 it goes on and on    the cruelty towards immigrants    the incompetent and scandal ridden cabinet    the war against sc .
now a weather shutdown   takeontigris might now happen today for my kids  theyre still in line  i dont have the h .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 reaganworld let her do it and then dont shutdown ice  call her stupid bluff .
allaaaa yun na nga yung hinihintay kong scene tapos gavva pina shutdown ni maka laptop .
 thehill quit spending money on trump investigations  get over it  he is president  are you working on 2020 budget  .
 shutdown 21 aku gapapa kok.
intermicro bindows startup and shutdown sounds .
massage parlor shutdown  state prosecutors say chinese employees in huntsville  madison and decatur were being forc .
  federal workers and contractors are expected to shoulder the financial burdens incurred from a  government .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 shutdown 21 hehehehehe.
 homemadeguitars i like what young people are doing  but i think actual disruption is needed  the government shutdo .
rip  blackberry messenger is shutting down next month   9to5mac   .
jet airways shutdown leaves 16 500 unemployed  netizens tweet heart warming memories of the airline   jetairwaysshut .
holiday  friday  shutdown  pero iniistress parin ako ni work    amp     .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
 jaynl4 i know if they call a warning i have to shutdown the store pull everyone to the walk in freezer here comes the rain.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
cara menghubungi hacker russia untuk diajak chating   pencet windows r   lalu ketik cmd  lalu ketik berikut lalu ent .
 edkrassen  repadamschiff they can try and impeach trump  it will be seen as more of the same   political hit job  .
 neurorebel i only ever have a shutdown after a meltdown  i cannot internalize a meltdown  and im puzzled what tha .
 cocoaswann i was working on the hill by then  and the entire complex went into shutdown  we were all staring at the tv in shock  .
 shutdown 21 gapapa ehe.
 shutdown is available at  maiwynfineart in  denver  it is in the spring show at mai wyn  openingtonight 744 santa .
when t i  sends the police to shutdown your show    .
cuomo is profiting    you re telling me he inspected the l train tunnels and all of a sudden decided reverting the .
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down     yes  failure happens in private sector too.
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 gallup finds a post 2018 decline in us economic  confidence   even without the  temporary   shutdown effect  .
baru seminggu mode shutdown .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 alec holbeck  aoc but if we want to get technical     his district has 4 coal mines that are just shutdown     where a .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
mccarthy equates trump going to iraq to pelosi going to hawaii during government shutdown  hawaii  a state that mcc .
.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 fooga  sounds like thermal throttling shutdown or power issues  do you have any sort of monitoring software to wat .
click   gt   abolishcps .
also  as i am working on several stories about the upcoming l train not a shutdown  i have to echo what other folks .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   blackberry  blackberrymessenger  end.
friends call me a  workaholic and i cant  shutdown  but i run my own  business    so whats the problem   gotbills .
bbm to shutdown permanently .
bbm to shutdown permanently  via  naijalog pls rt.
bradford im coming to shutdown the village tonight .
 crystalbrooke81  djtzulu  winterdays6 lol  2 years of trump lying  covering up   amp  trying to shutdown the investigat .
the problem with this spirit in all man is that most of us lost it along the line at every moment when we tried to .
have you ever shut down your plant for preventative maintenance  learn the crucial long term impact  .
columbus news blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
after  jetairways shutdown  22000 employees  jobs hangs in balance  no salaries  feeling betrayed and left out by g .
 now playing  shutdown festival mix   good music only on  theshutdowndrive with  joemann4life on  massivmetro  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 gakzak  scottwalker  realdonaldtrump then spell it correctly the first time  the report clearly states that trump .
  garymasonglobe  plans include  scrapping the 100 megatonne  mt  cap on oil sands emissions and stopping the regul .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
how did the government shutdown affect the retirement enhancement and savings act  resa  and other retirement legis .
 gt believing companies don t issue unjustified bans   gt believing servers getting shutdown is temporary and game compani .
 hersheypark  eriknansen it seems like a lot of rides are shutdown.
why is pulwama district always subjected to frequent unnecessary internet shutdown   better is to ban it once for all   syedabidshah.
 joe22dcnation  dallascowboys i was so excited when they got morris   truthfully  i never heard of morris before he .
 alexander ghiel kekeh yok    shutdown alias padam   inaelectionobserverssos.
the investigation should have been shutdown after they concluded no conspiracy and volume 2 of the mueller report i .
 dbongino ask hrc and wild willie how much      they made  ops  strangely enough mueller involved in that transacti .
byford s departure over cuomo s inept leadership  amp  approach to the l train shutdown would really be the  of cuo .
 rgodlewicz i just went the best twitter hole because of this account  it is a travesty that it is being shutdown .
  blackberry messenger is shutting down in mayengadget   rip blackberry messenger  as we know it gizmodo   blac .
the irony is  tourism was sold as replacement to the shutdown timber industry  even though this was clearly untrue .
 neurorebel i have more shuts than melts but to my knowledge ive never had a total shutdown  ive only ever had a .
  gregmcneilly writes   gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government this year if republican .
 meganntaylorr21  anonopinion411  pinkypalmxo oh ok  i knew they shut down the first one  didnt know they shutdown .
 djtzulu  crystalbrooke81  winterdays6 obama was never investigated and clinton never tried to shutdown the investi .
 heyitscarolyn that bullshit needs to be shutdown .
 uraverageorange  dodgersnation eh  we need a shutdown pitcher in the pen.
 camilluddington it s actually not about depression   it s a complete mental shutdown   not everyone who is depress .
 bstategames everyone stop freaking out  if you are doing a pmc run and timer goes to 4 5 minutes for server shutdo .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  speakerpelosi  repmarkmeadows  gopleader  senatemajldr .
asking tough questions as a  cbschicago  morninginsider   why are popular  campsites at   kankakeeriverstatepark shu .
 netsdaily felt like the only players who had any energy at all during this game was russell and levert  everyone else shutdown completely.
 yourprecioustar matiin lampu sama hape  shutdown.
so why is  lyramckee account suddenly shutdown and her tweets articles and work hidden  while  cnni is using her fa .
 adukaadlisyah  najibrazak baru aku tau mark zuckerberg tu orang ph  fb tu ph punya ye dik bleh suka2 shutdown .
cowboys  demarcus lawrence has funny reply to notion eli manning has  plenty left   fuente  shutdown corner  nflesp.
 nancy  mp  brettmendoza i ve been in countless kettles by the police while all fans are being completely peaceful  .
 blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   oh have the mighty have fallen   joannastern should have a small me .
timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network   apna time aagaya  .
 flashfotography  drjaydrno they swear it doesnt work that way  theyre not really price gouging every long weeken .
 foxnewspolitics dem s game is over  all they do cause problems with their lies  almost 3 years russia collusion ob .
 geekgirlden  ericswalwell  nra  oliverlnorth and across the nation a bunch of schools are shutdown so teachers can .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may        did anyone still use this .
 carverhighcbs i can see a situation where pulock takes another step and adds more offense than he has on top of being a shutdown d.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget .
 .
 .
 blackberry messenger is shutting down in may by mariella moon   engadget  mariella moon.
with series tied  stars  shutdown line has yet to allow predators  top      dallasstars  gostars  bhivelabs  bhive .
manusia bisa bertahan hingga 3 minggu tanpa makan  tapi tanpa tidur  tiga hari saja bisa ada yg shutdown  tergantung daya tahan tubuh .
 tarasajune maga this is the very definition of sedition  she is advocating for the eventual overthrow of our gover .
is jet airways shutdown really temporary .
 tim cook bought a macbook pro and find out macbook pro s failing screens  keyboards  ssds  batteries    what s hap .
shutdown .
facebook why would y all lock and basically shutdown my page last night  were there mysterious technical difficulti .
if you halt  shutdown  or protest  pride to push your own ideology or agenda  you do not care about  lgbt people or .
 rapsheet  uno captain  mikegarafolo  tompelissero deebo can do just about anything except make plays against deandre baker  shutdown.
record paling lambat aku balik tahun ni pukul 10 50 p m  baru shutdown pc ye anak anak 4 jam extra charity work ayah eh tu.
 fuckzactar  dvatw no  but the fact that the they are working hard to shutdown many accounts they dont agree with is shocking .
boys  please dont shutdown the mooseaala concert on the 21st .
tigos ts4 platform rapid shutdown systems now compatible with chint power systems   tigoenergy.
o kay daling mag skip ng meal pero hirap mag shutdown ng phone .
 kurrgan lives  clairecmc then you should be reading military news      .
 cher shows where peoples emotions  amp  mental stability are that free speech or opinion now is responded to with ang .
 orangdewasaa kesadarannya ter  shutdown  .
 shahiamulya  thmumbai  the hindu  vivekbendre1  jetairways what if the jet airways ceo runs away after taking loan .
some people believe in supply side economics  while yes access does stimulate consumption  the fact is americans co .
environmentists trying to shutdown nj s nuclear power plant  governor murphy is fine with it  green new farce  that .
 aishayesufu out of 24 power plants only 21 depends on gas while 7 is completely shutdown  and power generation dro .
 msnbc wanting to shutdown investigation is not obstruction  democrats still buying into  msnbc bullshit  they lied .
how long shall we sit on i69 s today   trucksonfire  shutdown .
 synadmin  computer shutdown     zzzz   zzzz   zzzz   .
 msapunya  okezonenews    sesuai dgn si jae     kadang saya sedikit error     pc error dikit langsung minta restart  pa .
manila right now looks like a place in a zombie apocalypse movie  like theres a shutdown of the whole city  its so pleasing .
usa nirankari news  superhuman chasing putin slover donald trump whoes mouthtweets amp media s running fas .
 dalterc  bstategames you don t lose all your gear  you will always get a  free  exctraction whenever there is a server shutdown or restart .
love a good server shutdown during a tarkov raid  giving me four minutes to get out  and then the extract bugs out  .
 atypicle1  clairecmc you should read some real news  republican martha mcsally pushed for a bill to keep paying mi .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 ruxcytbl  lisastark351  curseofleinart  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump  during the 2016 presidential campaign  do .
 smalltownandrew  kag4all so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a musli .
 elpeezi  harlemgetsmoney yeah i agree with you there  he better be careful now tho  i dont see kd being shutdown like that again.
 evntdrvn  run to completion  is how i call it  basically  any cli that takes an input and generate an output  but .
 dirtdoe77  willchamberlain exactly  and weissmann resigned a week or two prior to the shutdown  virtually as soon .
 yaboyradko  kbender4133  broadsthockey yeah  i think the bigger problem lies with optimizing the depth and develop .
maybe i just need to get shutdown to chill.
 busdrivermike  180lifer  benshapiro operation fast  amp  furious is still resulting in dead people  the shutdown of ti .
  a must boycott movie for all hindu s   boycottindiasmostwanted  bhagwatgeeta converts animals .
 paglia ng  wuweimary  ronaldklain  malcolmnance i meant trump barr shutdown the mueller investigation  i do t know .
due to personal reasons i will now repress all my emotions  windows shutdown noise .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  thoughts and opinions from some of the people affected .
 presstv  google  youtube  hispantv i hope the presstv and hispantv are preparing for a possible shutdown of their .
ive talked to many  awesome people this week  and ive failed to wish a single one of them a happy and safe easter .
both teams post shutdown innings  as we head to the 4th all square at 2 2    flyhigh.
fallout of jet airways shutdown for sure  wish more airlines would follow the example of  airfrance to fly stranded .
lawmakers are trying to stave off talk of a potential shutdown  but there s already a push from key democrats to li .
the creeping rise of india s internet shutdowns    though india may be an outlier among the usual shutdown suspects  .
 rampcapitalllc they should shutdown you when the market is closed.
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 preetbharara  presssec if this is a crime then cnn  msnbc  abc and more should be shutdown charged for slander tre .
 r c 96  7daystodie i m with you  what i really want is the truth  why did beam games get stranded deep back within .
 realdonaldtrump i thought the report totally vindicated you  but then again  you said you would release your tax .
 angryblacklady talk to mitch mcconnell  house passed allll these bills in 100 days  including shutdown  but he won .
goodbye   .
changing a storms intensity after landfall isnt unheard of     it would take 10 years before andrew was upgraded to .
there was a time when band aid made do they know its christmas which was followed by usa for africa we are the .
           .
 crimsonfrenzy82 full shutdown and reboot maybe  sometimes slow internet is the culprit for me .
if not for  nepa  how can you even charge the  power bank  that you re claiming about  i pray nepa go tek light and .
i posted something similar about clinton  but i was shutdown on twitter  .
 amyklobuchar if trumps admin doesnt acknowledge the attacks  will it defend further attacks  if we start impeach .
              .
i need to shutdown completely.
 tuttlentexas  tracypac  knitnutter  bogajo  shaw perez  jagne r  bluewaveor  sherlou710  rileduprileyy .
 ida skibenes and national strikes  you know what stopped the gov t shutdown  air travel stopped      stop air travel .
 burtonalbionfc i m bored  the way we re playing is proper end of season shutdown .
portland news blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
salt lake city news blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
fortnite is going to shutdown for a reason its to addicted and also kids has been getting expelled from school because fortnite.
 realmnchiefsfan i don t watch a lot of college anymore so this makes sense   even  the concern he s been my top co .
 thacour ik normaal ook  nog nooit zo blij geweest dat er een shutdown is gepland .
 echo off  msg   fatal system error due to admin stupidity   shutdown  c  error  jihadragon told you are too stupid   .
 hoarsewisperer  tresmamae which is what she said during the shutdown  and it worked .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 msut777  chriscuomo yeah  just like 4 months ago the government shutdown was the end of the world and trump     now it s forgotten .
 ktla sadly its in total disrepair with rides not working shutdown  vendors closed and its a sad place  the emplo .
 thepagedude  joneswru  cmerritt1985  7daystodie because tfp have no intentions of doing g anything with console  e .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
followme   blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget    blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 sushidude maybe you tried to deposit too much money  and there was an overflow resulting in a graceful shutdown  t .
 brithume we got another possibie government shutdown coming in september and the democrats want to waste time on r .
 neurorebel shutdown all the way  taught to be quiet my whole life so i cant externalize anything lol.
trade assistants shutdown .
i wanna shutdown myself to everyone but i can t coz i need my social media accounts for work.
 crownme jai camp sholl shutdown haha.
 teama99e  toby23430451  7daystodie bullshit they are trying  why did beam games get stranded deep back within days .
 speakerpelosi so my question to you and the dems  why nt pass law mandates hopeful potus produce taxes  vetting fr .
dem leadership has denied every success trump has brought  denied a border crisis  debied their hand picked special .
a shutdown of the government to harm employees as collateral damage to attempt to force congress to appropriate den .
 queennelo1 toronto shutdown .
 yankeefanatic lastnight offense was shutdown have to play every game with the energy we had against the redsux and win these next 3 .
 terrorism doesnt happen every day either  does that mean we should shutdown homeland security  this tony perkins .
i had to do a hard shutdown because hbonow had sound but a green screen  ive been noticing im having to restart m .
 realdonaldtrump please  mr  president tell them to release our federal taxes  people like us need that to get caug .
greek banks will remain open both on april 19 and 22  but the services they offer the public will be limited by the .
 adoreeknows obj week 1 lets get it this year make the jump from solid to shutdown you have all the tools put it t .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
absolute chaos at farnborough airport today  total shutdown  people will definitely sit up and take notice in china .
 toothfaiiry wayi  why dont we shutdown all fazool private engineering colleges  we are producing more engineers .
 facebook shutdown your social media   assholes  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget   bbm  blackberry  consumer .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget .
 migop you say something about a shutdown  .
 cybernova  oceanorbsrbx  lifelyobsidian  leslie65780003  kawaiilolitachi  justawe43820328  lilyeetshaw .
one bite on the upcoming l train shutdown  1 6.
 armondoyou2  gregthedoughboy  really jimb  black is back5  thomaspearc3120  sconsyhammer  kmillercc .
imagine being affected by the bbm shutdown.
 alsuadere panong shutdown.
riders  we re meeting at 4pm today for a photo by the minster before tonight s shutdown  come down .
 samikitten  goddessoffanfic yes yeesh  using that at a concern trolling shutdown on destiel is so misguided it cir .
wens on a blackpink only shutdown.
 flroach  jamesdcurry utilities would just permanently shutdown all 3 rxs if this billion dollar update the paperwo .
 johnchen  blackberry do not shutdown  bbm please.
nag shutdown yung sense of humor ko bigla.
president obama built has a shutdown that will be very talented deputy secretary of brett mcgurk remember  he will help rebuild.
 flroach  jamesdcurry can come out of the blue means their risk is super high   look at the 1996 millstone issues w .
i hope that the travel news being put out over  easter by  bbcradio2  bbcradiowm is making folks aware that despite .
 dairylandxpress i chose kimbrel because you need more than 1 reliable shutdown guy from innings 7 9   looks like i .
when ever negative subconscious attacks  positiveenergy in that moment u need to use 5sec rule  amp  shift ur thoughts  .
 flroach  jamesdcurry well  lets talk maine yankee since your point is excellent and is reason why i say all us nuk .
 realdonaldtrump and you thought you were all alone during your shutdown  people are going to run from you as if you had measles .
 rct touch your game is still shutdown     .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 wayneallenjones  bystevereilly he cant shutdown a grand jury indictment.
 prasca  krishnabgowda  dvsbjp very flawed design of underbridges  the one next to cauvery theater was the first  i .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may     gadget  technology.
 govwhitmer is trying hard to cripple michigan  via  detroitnews.
 gm8arv yep  can cause all sorts of issues   think the two toughbooks are using ssd s   at least no indication of r .
the church shutdown cineworld broad street .
 bravehearttexas i seen them already an how obama wanted to shutdown gitmo 2.
 flroach  jamesdcurry if profitable and seemingly running fine   this seems to be the part most cant understand   i .
 mohmd mozafari                       shutdown.
 najibrazak ph kalau fobia dia dah lama shutdown account fb anda tapi tidak  sebab nak bagi peluang anda berbunyi s .
 jteurope  ilvestoomas payback for the shutdown  a recent arrival at houston was a miserable welcome home .
 kthopkins i was working at heathrow today not much of a shutdown  believe that just used kids to hold a banner up.
 newsjunkyem  amandaalvaro  rodgercuzner yes 100 percent agree  they are so desperate for survival  let s use the m .
 olushola shola seriously the rubbish happening in this country if it where other civilized and politically enlight .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better   in explaining ho .
jet airways shutdown              cabin crew of jet airways last fl .
 trendingofertas .
 iamjericho  joshrafferty  monsterenergy  aewrestling is the band on shutdown when is you re next concert  .
boy why they got this jive shutdown by the airport they tryna ruin my day right ni .
sales volume and prices have increased significantly so far in the williamsburg neighborhood this year  .
 rampcapitalllc only if they shutdown cnbc when its open  .
 carolsott  50shadesofkellz let alone  not considering how many parents and families collectively rely on mta to ge .
 wikileaks we need a decentralized platform that can t be shutdown that information can be shared anonymously .
is everyone ready for the rollercoaster ride tonight   leafs  leafsnation  beleaf  tmltalk i wonder what team well .
 abc  gstephanopoulos they need to cut her mic and the camera and just shutdown the interview  why have her on  did .
the agency entrusted to enforce merit principles and whistleblower rights for federal employees is shutdown because .
life returned to normal in kashmir valley on friday a day after a complete shutdown was observed against the second .
life returns to normal in kashmir valley after shutdown   press trust of kashmir .
walk in shut a b   h down  big ole facts   shutdown   new single out now      shutdown  blasianbeats  myahj .
tak shutdown rupanya zzzz.
 carolsott  50shadesofkellz around roughly 2 30 3pm the day freddie gray passed  schools were dismissed early becau .
metros 100  err  107 day shutdown is coming .
what occurs to jpmiles publish jetairways shutdown  .
listen to the most recent episode of my podcast  black news you won t hear on mainstream media  black woman cured o .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 neurorebel i absolutely internalise meltdowns and shutdown instead  theyre different to normal shutdowns as wellb .
if you think it is okay to vote for a businessman that put children in cages  deregulate our clean water  amp  air  put .
shutdown causes federal employee s mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill   .
help i didn t have the audio on they actually added the windows shutdown soundgduhdjfhfjdjd.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
walk in shut a b   h down  big ole facts   shutdown   new single out now      shutdown  blasianbeats  myahj .
they should shutdown twitter when the market is closed.
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown   wmata.
ever since the shutdown people in the hood been real stingy with the food stamps.
 timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network      .
 potus   i hope republicans are planning for a total government shutdown and total chaos for the next two years as t .
 joshhortonedh this is a phishing attempt  have fun getting your account shutdown.
wood green nah good again too much tings ah gwan man ah buss gun like in a western  im coming for my spot .
 soioucity well you see  soioucity    binnington played shutdown tendy and st  louis came back from a 2 0 deficit a .
 migop so when donny does his shutdown youre all on board  cool  and we could just tax the highest earners at a hig .
  in photos  an emotional moment for jet airways   from bloom to bust    indiatoday .
 cspanwj the mueller report only serves to solidify everyones political position  if you are a trump supporter you .
 aishatu   so you only have 9  remaining abegi goand put the fone in d charge b4 it was shutdown .
 senschumer we already know hillary  dnc dossier which this  witchhunt is based upon is a gossip hit piece     why ar .
 here we go again  gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government      she is looking more like j .
shutdown causes federal employee s mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill   .
 blanternwill  mediagirl02  extinctionr we know  but blocking joe public from going down a street won t change anyt .
 hbrbigweekend  itskwambox   mrkerrymartin   ignitiondrive leo radio station ni moja kenya mzima  total shutdown  t .
 eff  torproject its time to shutdown fb.
 sarahkendzior fully disagree w  you here  trump  amp  gop have been fighting to protect trump  mcconnell  lindsey grah .
 briankarem  presssec remember when she claimed all those govt workers told her they were happy about shutdown  hmmm   .
 gop  gopchairwoman do you have no shame  you are ruingin the country with your lies  and fox should be shutdown an .
 leksa kalo mau yang agak ringan   pencet ctrl alt f4 trus pilih shutdown .
 cwisewater you were kicked from this game  this game has been shutdown  error code 267.
 tea4gunssc  theadvocatemag  nicole bertrand or 50k retirees were in danger of losing pensions during the same shutdown .
to the man in florida who thinks donald trump is a despicable human being  and would probably vote for him again  .
the time has come  for us to move on  bbm to shutdown on the 31st ofmay .
since jan 1  congress has modified podiatrists pay renamed a vet center revised the future farmers of america chart .
 tea4gunssc  theadvocatemag  nicole bertrand or that 42k active duty coast guard members were in danger of missing .
 walshfreedom the gop has lost their souls  how can anyone be a republican anymore  what has the gop done for the m .
 extinctionr what happened   thesun headline   come cry with me heathrow protest  extinction rebellion protesters .
 blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
engadget  blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   metabloks.
globoyz ent x slutyboys presents     spring break shutdown   april 19  doors open at 8    females   free till 9 .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   via engadget.
 eightyonmywrist working for the government has its ups and downs tho   were you affected by the shutdown .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   tech.
deliberate disruptions like the one in the london tube have taken place in the  us  as well  in the san francisco b .
remember the government shutdown .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 jdqofficial  chilternrailway services have been strengthened to cope with the additional passenger numbers caused .
            shutdown    .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  tomgadget.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  ric9871ric  retweet  pleaseretweet .
 nevadajack2 so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a muslim jenny craig  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
new post from engadget rss feed   blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 neurorebel i would predict that autists who tend to meltdown are more prone to panic attacks  depression or epilep .
 jedshug what more evidence do we need to conclude that barr shutdown the probe as soon as he could  why would you .
 .
airport charges  atf rate and import tax on aircrafts component must be reduced for survival of airlines  reason be .
 extinctionr what happened   thesun headline   come cry with me heathrow protest  extinction rebellion protesters .
did  digital  government come through during the recent shutdown   davidm00dy shares insights  amp  tips with  gcntech .
engadget mobile news  blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
  xryouth  londonshutdown  tellthetruth  climateaction  marblearch  extinctionr .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
 virginmedia so glad shutdown to just the basic channels and broadband rather then vacuous  attention seeking nobod .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may blackberry messenger  bbm  for consumers is shutting down for good on .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 neurorebel i think it s neurobiological  i never really had meltdowns  i d just have varying degrees of shutdown  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger  bbm  for consumers is shutting down for good on may 31st  when indonesia based media conglome .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   blackberry  consumer  mobile  gear  bbm.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
retroflag megapi case functional power button with safe shutdown for raspberr    .
 neurorebel i tend to shutdown when in public   i feel spaced out and tired   and in later  in private  when i feel .
 clistonbrown  davidorlo  darylsturgis the red states are gone  an impeachment or not  theyre gone  but it could m .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
.
news  state regulators award subsidies to keep nuke plants operating in new jersey     via  phillydotcom   .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  blackberry messenger  bbm  for consumers is shutting down for good on .
 down the ninth inning  cards pumping out shutdown closers      nickyburdi19    idrubkcaz15 u    rileythomp19      l1c4 .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 bbm  blackberry blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
latest from  gregmcneilly  gt  gt  shutdown threats bad for business  via  detroitnews.
dami kong natutunan sa shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump quick  someone  tie the president down before he tweets again  sanders  sit on his chest  barr  ho .
.
 northernbred1  jurainford  kateandrs  daveatherton20  kateemccann jess phillips member of reclaim the internet cam .
blackberry messenger is going to shutdown  may31  blackberry  messenger.
still remember this day last year  i had to go to work while everyone s on vacation since that was the only time it .
paid account  ive shutdown and restarted   no difference.
when the henny get in my system i wish my phone would just shutdown .
 lowermeriontwp you cant exactly shutdown a whole neighborhood for utility and streetwork   linwood and off  ardmore.
 realdonaldtrump when left wing become so bad that they try shutdown any good to the country  time to start fightin .
 lindalo98321437  chrisjzullo  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson   they will all receive back pay  .
naghiking ako  e may shutdown kami bukas  goodluck na lang sa aking mga paa  kayanin sana .
did you know  the  aas office is collecting donations for the  membership emergency fund  that makes loans to membe .
 ekverstania  neurorebel definitely true  the concern with internalizing meltdowns turning into a shutdown is a lat .
today at lunch we ll hear from nick leonard of great lakes environmental law center  who will share the story of .
because of  sdsen john thune the cost of conducting a prescribed fire has soared to over  2000 an acre while the co .
 blackberry to shutdown consumer version of  bbm on may 31st  kindly retweet   messagingapp.
 sallybhunt ah the old  white privilege  attempted shutdown  and claim that i m close minded when it s not me only .
 deanbaker13 4 months ago democrats were acting like the world was coming to an end because of the government shutd .
 neurorebel usually a shutdown rather than a meltdown  especially in public  not sure whether that s an adaptation .
 l4dieg4mer  ugobananas it will never shutdown  it was closed for some renovations but there is currently a petitio .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped   federal news network  via  federalnewsnet.
 packerfn55 dems proposed  passed  and had the president sign legislation to re open the government after the shutd .
 retracement cant you create it on devtest lab and setup auto shutdown.
indeed a great gesture shown by naresh goyal that he didn t flee the country after jetairways shutdown .
i m on the road so i won t be able to get this onto the site for a bit  original  burnout paradise  servers shut do .
 merylitaaaaa nextweek nga besh  busy lang ngayon hahaha gawa galing sa shutdown haha.
so who didnt see this one five years ago when it launched  .
the swans are home  the sun is shining and im in on shutdown    absolutely disgusting.
 fenrirwolf13  davidlammy they try to label and or relate brexiteers with fascists to shutdown brexiteers  an oldie.
due to the planned shutdown happening this spring  we wont be hosting an open day in may  our next open day with s .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 mprnews of course you do dear  its a major media talking point  itll happen and if you dont get your way with h .
jet airways crisis  jet airways temporary shutdown due to aggravatedproblems  .
 neurorebel i shutdown regularly  i ve only had meltdowns a couple of times in my adult life  and they were followe .
its so much easier here now to get an uber  make a dinner reservation  and all sorts of stuff   kurtschlichterhttp .
 mr whistlepig 316 the highway coming into athens was totally shutdown with cops and roadblocks  .
the government shutdown coupled with the administrations hardline  immigration policies have created dysfunction a .
 mercules904 no roaming super should leave me basically unable to shutdown without my own super or a wardcliffe     w .
 aprildryan you claim  presssec should be fired for lying  does that mean that cnn should be shutdown for the sam .
blackberry messenger to shut down on may 31  blackberrymessenger   shutdown .
 aoc i d like to see congress do its constitutionally mandated job  and pass a balanced budget   if you just did th .
 benjaminwittes very useful  this was the report of a sabotaged investigation  sco was finally shutdown debased by .
 realjack untrue    she appealed to americans to shutdown ice   she asked us to starve ourselves because were appa .
 skynews  kateemccann political mindset of uk utterly off kilter  fatigued and weakened its de stabilisation has c .
at shutdown  check that speed brake is set to terrific.
 torchedtwine  myhockeyeyes  mnwild even if mcdavid was available  fenton would still use the 1st on a shutdown def .
 mitteremary i m not happy about how biden helped to shutdown hill and installed that bootlicker into the supreme c .
stop this terrorist source of demands  heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay .
 theozzk  mcshanehedges  mmofcan mute allows them to see and be seen by your followers and to continue to mine said .
 molly pockets  tatsilienau  villaintown  lunacyfringe it got shutdown  lol  leadership found out about it and made him delete it.
this is a terrorist group   heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single f .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 domzenga  pff  strap ent  fau football  natepitt27  realcoreykeller  floridaatlantic awesome  strap ent shutdown kid .
.
heathrow airport  shutdown    eco warriors move in on uk s busiest airport .
watching project x again     amp  its really insane     this his party reminds me of my birthday in 100 level that the .
article 1 what is being taught in school now  what are new members of congress to think  came in to gov shutdown to .
 tuudoh at 15 15 the first session of the event will shutdown and everyone would have leave the venue unless you ha .
 bijnoriajhanta let they come to shutdown.
 yamiche while the nation digests the report  trumpll sign eos to demolish anything with obamas name on it  he s .
its the end of an era  blackberry messenger is shutting down next month  but keeping an enterpise only ver  the or .
free training  how to keep your facebook ads account safe and avoid fb jail or account shutdown   .
traffic alert  northbound north kings highway at telegraph road is shutdown due to a vehicle fire  please avoid the .
 breaking  trump prepares to declare border emergency  sign funding bill to avert government shutdown  mcconnell .
 enca when the anc have sold this country into total shutdown and poverty and we have no electricity for winter we .
 realdonaldtrump  potus best at making himself look bad   university    golf award  .
 senwarren but during the government shutdown you voted no to pay the coast guard .
 officialrct hi  rollercoastertycoontouch is shutdown since last nitgh for me  the game load load and load again     .
 paulcoxon  profrachelgan  cu mat ucl make it very clear  we get about 10 emails saying easter shutdown we are swi .
kim taehyung is responsible for the shutdown of my brain.
traffic  alert  happening now a car fire on mopac sb at westover rd has all lanes shutdown following a crash  prep .
  uthighwaypatrol asking folks to avoid the area  sr 201 eb shutdown at 3200 w  please us i80 if you can   abc4utah .
so  extinctionr   how is that shutdown of heathrow going  have any of you ever even researched the aero engine indu .
meanwhile    emma thompson   renowned  actor and activist   takes an overnight flight from usa to take part in clim .
 jaijayudu  jp loksatta he is still in politics  loksatta not shutdown .
rt waltonchain  timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network  .
 cnn ok so we impeach him  he wont leave or resign  he knows hes protected from prosecution while in office  he w .
rt waltonchain  timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network  .
timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network      waltonchain  wtc .
 naglly    shutdown   aww  .
 madman13132  govt issue joe  elkabbong trump s government shutdown was the longest in american history  and was so .
nani finishes off in his style what a knock what a magnificent comeback to  naturalstarnani he lifts the winning cu .
imusicmarketer   out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify   .
 cagsil  chooselovetoday  petejohn10  bbfunk01  crg crm  russ warrior  clarkkentwars  zd arts  cbs  carrolltrust .
 tracytlm45  skau61  glopol analysis  yvonnegetcarter  hairlossclinic1  cjsienna55  whereangelsdare  usgovignorance .
one of the only areas to have seen rents decline was northern brooklyn  where an oversupply of inventory has remain .
 jetairways pnr mzplfa  have booked your service  expected will be good as usual  sad for the shutdown  could you p .
to any producers who think im sitting on your riddims doing nothing  pls be patient with me    i have a pretty soli .
the biggest mood  i can t handle being yelled at  when teachers yell i legit shutdown and leave the classroom for a .
so  muellerreport lays out all your russia contacts and efforts to obstruct  but in summary could not reach conclus .
 scottdavis44th  chrislhayes of course its true  he shutdown elections in maryland and repealed the write of habea .
saug buff       hahahahahaha it really is gonna be a shutdown for the best fa in town .
 neurorebel both still oddly probably less internalised shutdown to meltdown than when i was a kid because im less .
shutdown inside oseikrom   vgma20.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
time to shutdown   see yaa next time   .
 pittbeoms kalo aku ketika membuka laptop automatically click the shutdown button.
q61   when is the fuel used indication reset to zero      a61   on engine shutdown   during refuelling   during engine st .
 bangpino   bangpino      jangan shutdown please    semoga dalam lindungan allah swt.
 afdcaptrb  lwos osmond  flyersrule  allhabs  rocketsports  theahlreport those two play a different style  lernout  .
 alisonbook excuse me  i asked a genuine question  what is ridiculous about that  my profession is not one of those .
 realdonaldtrump says the criminal coward who refused to testify under oath before the special counsel  if youre i .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
kumasi was shutdown  vgma20.
avoid getting your  facebook ad account shutdown    free video tutorial      .
every year laging pinopost na nag shutdown yung metro manila pag holy week  as if naman may bago pa dun.
stars  shutdown line quieting predators  top offensive threats   it s not easy keeping those three off the score sh .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
 robinmarty interesting that the clinic is seeing larger crowds of protesters  the game plan from the forced birthe .
 mel faith1  hlaurora63  publicschools are communist indoctrination centers and need to be shutdown .
 navdeep79534927  taubaataubaa  shannayakk which shutdown a su3o nd mig21   as i said u can console ur self with ur bollywood dreams.
intel minister  iran identified 290 cia spies  made arrests   and president john f  kennedy was going to shutdown s .
 why would these knives be advertised and sold so cheaply    stopseriousyouthviolencenow .
feinstein segment always trash  billy joel walk up song sucks  he ll be in his car w  the windows open  always soun .
all lanes shutdown on i 75 sb due to crash  .
there is a factory inside you about 1 4 kg called liver  it acts as a storehouse  a manufacturing hub n a processin .
 realdonaldtrump the greatest attack on asylum seekers  muslims  puerto ricans  the american people after an unnec .
 ingrahamangle besides the media  the democrats in congress have gone off the reservation  amp  want to attempt to misu .
bye bye driveclub .
shutdown .
 hotbloodedeq sadly  impeachment would prob just solidify trump s support with his base  they love him when he s po .
jet airways shutdown  grounding of carrier affects exports of fresh fruits  vegetables  read more at .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better   in explaining ho .
an offense explosion of one key player and the shutdown of another on the opposite end of the court resulted in a g .
 jusborne  thedemocrats i dont think those teeming hordes will be anyone other than dems  i have many many r friend .
 whitehouse what was the cost of the government shutdown due to a made up crisis  billions  cost after 2 years in o .
i dont even mind working over shutdown or holidays  because there are less people here  which means less chances o .
so what happened over the heathrow threat  no shutdown  small gang of kids stood crying about  climate   .
 gtconway3d ok so we impeach him  he wont leave or resign  he knows hes protected from prosecution while in offic .
     .
 jetcrisis   over 20 000 employees of  jetairways are left in the lurch after the temporary shutdown of the airline .
police in clarksburg shutdown a pair of drug houses  .
selfish bs we dont all share your extreme un  proven views  stop imposing them on others  i saw this on the sun app .
 neurorebel i tend to shutdown more than meltdown  closing off almost completely to the point where i m either curl .
any software application that requires you to shutdown or uninstall your antivirus software in order for it to run .
         1  .
electric 001  my new 6 track ep all songs on  spotify uk grime shutdown right now  face of  youtubemusic grime .
78  of workers live paycheck to paycheck via  forbes .
 neurorebel sometimes i feel like a shutdown is when i suddenly get too much information  usually socially or emoti .
screw you  baptiste   overwatch  shutdown .
voting begins in  srinagar amidst shutdown  will be interesting to see how many people turn up for the voting  especially in down town .
 makealbiongreat dude his an overweight unhealthy old slob   next year he will be a footnote joke in political hist .
 ayushagarwal141  timesnow ti save 20 000 families bank cannot damage lakhs of families bcoz banks gives loans by s .
 gtconway3d if we start impeachment in the house itll most likely pass  mitch mcconnell wont bring it up for a vo .
 iamshav its really disgusting   and to watch it all play out   i remember arguing someone down who refused to beli .
we re in town now  snorkelled up   spreading the word before tonight s shutdown  not working  come join us  .
 neurorebel from what i can tell  they feel more control with a shutdown  they can engage in whatever internal self .
willful ignorance is no longer an excuse .
 nytimes  peterbakernyt  maggienyt if we start impeachment in the house itll most likely pass  mitch mcconnell won .
  .
reminder  easter training shutdownwe re back from tue 23rd april   training  easter  shutdown   bootcamp  runfit  pt.
i secretly believe my work loves me soo much that they shutdown the warehouse just so i can peacefully enjoy 4 20 o .
 makealbiongreat  thehill pelosi owns traitor trump   she won the wall shutdown easily  she can impeach him anytime .
massive shutdown oo biggie bro  bless you   .
 hakunawmata the 3 months of shutdown will only address braddock and king  but all stations south of dca need rebui .
every time i think back to april 2015 i get mad as all hell      they shutdown transportation to baltimores babies a .
.
.
 peterbakernyt if we start impeachment in the house itll most likely pass  mitch mcconnell wont bring it up for a .
ang dami daming pwede mag shutdown yung network nyo bat og pa hays.
napagana ko na fan ng laptop ko       wag kang mag overheat at mag safety shutdown habang nag eedit ako ng video   .
here is 2 crore jobs fraaaands     jet airways completely shutdown due to lack of money           .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
 sheerluckholme3  bay12brick  byronyork  anncoulter always the same talking points  the government shutdown cost how much in tax revenues .
 adelesbabydaddy came to pay my respects to this account cause it s about to get shutdown.
 iheartgunts  jessew316 along the same lines  my son added a chrome icon to the house pc which really was the shutdown command .
dos parameter  shutdown  s  t 1    .
i guess congress is shutdown for the rest of the year  .
 heathrow  protest    extinctionrebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to .
rootkits are probably the most dangerous malware out there  with firmware rootkits at the top  once your computer i .
oh my days    5  chance we could be extinct by the end of the century     5  seriously  that means there s a 95  cha .
 mellowochre here s my anticonsumerist manifesto   1  ban private cars  hair dryers  irons  printers and washing mac .
jet airways     20000             read more at  .
 arcthefuture  sportscenter averaging 23 isnt exactly being shutdown .
breaking man in red suv says hes trying to bring his wife to emergency room but cant bc police have shutdown acce .
what happens to jpmiles post jetairways shutdown     jetairways  jetprivilege  jpmiles     p s  .
 willemiena2  abc yes  his buisnesses went bankrupt  6 times  so let him run your economy   he has made those mist .
did  digital  government come through during the recent shutdown   davidm00dy shares insights  amp  tips with  gcntech .
if you like me  then raise your hand  if not then raise your standard  shutdown at theplaceikd the other day  .
globally  such a dramatic week     notredame burning down   jetairways shutdown   amazon china pulling down the shutte .
 carolecadwalla  hackedoffhugh  bbc  shahmiruk  omid9 final tweet    in other words    what we see recently on our .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 nikkihaley who forced the government shutdown this year .
   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st    engadget .
 bluecryomancer animat  sony pictures animation is the worst company ever  because it s too cartoony and the trump .
then also not funded   mr goyal said we leave all his share then also company not funded   why sbi did so   whome he w .
 saadhammadi  somewhereinblog  zafarsobhan thanks  saadhammadi  somewhereinblog brought the bangla language online .
 neilmcrowther  georgelakoff  natkendallt  aoc   georgelakoff says he s shooting himself in foot  like when he used .
 neurorebel shutdown  definitely internalized meltdown  learned to internalize them as a teen when meltdowns during .
 flyingbeast320 sir a video on jet shutdown and its entire journey  what went wrong with them .
 nginx   graceful shutdown       .
 neurorebel i think sometimes a meltdown proceeds a shutdown but i can have a shutdown without a meltdown  i think .
moral of the story   no politicians should ever dare to repeat shutdown of town   or blockade of roads   or else yo .
even tho i won with 3 mixtapes 1021 end all song in strip club of 1021  mercedes ate nationwide while i fuck my 2 h .
spring boot  servlet     git webhook   nginx   jgit   springboot  g .
the vibe is secured for tonight  djcombstakeover   shutdown .
genjis attitude throws me of as well  the genji in storm rising is just like modern day genji  despite it being ju .
this mumu don go cast me  updating status that today na shutdown friday     guy u no welll oo   ibadanchronicles.
if the abolition of slave manacles  began as a vision of hands without manacles  then this is the year   if the shutd .
so my peeps shutdown london last night  issorait doe .
 nipatea   ping   ipconfig  all   shutdown  rh .
fights force shutdown of aston carnival  .
very interesting dig   ipot1776 made some connections with the denver school shutdown and possibly ferreted out a f .
heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better   in explaining ho .
the  kremlin linked disinformation  label is used every day to attempt the shutdown of talking points and there s e .
main stream media should quit embarrassing themselves  their so stupid  y all should just close ur doors and shutdown ur dumb news forever.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube  watch this .
 twibkidx i must say twibkidx  i really like that you replicated the stage very faithfully since it was sadly been .
 latenightseth reminds me of stone cold pence during the trump and pelosi white house meeting where trump said hed .
 abhijitmajumder  twitterindia they have to shutdown all news channel twitter handle.
google  is shutting down after a vulnerability exposed 500 000 users  data .
as a matter of fact we have not shutdown froze  grey college bank account  as some media inquiries insinuate.
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  via  chancehmiller.
airfield shutdown   no flights in or out of muc until the breach is resolved .
tonight   leicester shutdown   they aint ready too much    liveperformances  lit  show  hiphop  uk  2019 .
 greannm abay oo  shutdown ang pier pag ganun hahaha.
 speakerpelosi did he destroy emails  bleach bit his computer  smash his blackberry   did he lie to congress  fool .
the rest of the world  good morning world  how are we today   australia peeps   windows xp shutdown sound .
why relatives of knife crime victims helped  shut down  london this week   .
we would like to wish everyone a happy easter     our offices will be closed for our easter shutdown week from monday .
 morning joe  joenbc now that this reports behind us  whats the next scandal  salacious details about his infidel .
too bad media doesnt devote much time to end the shutdown .
caught fire anywhere is absolutely unexpected incidents  however need everyone suspected precautions  immediately n .
before i go  i notice that grrm has moved blog from livejournal to wordpress  the can shutdown that single lj serve .
caught fire anywhere is absolutely unexpected incidents  however need everyone suspected precautions  immediately n .
lol tas muchat rag kalit tapos after a day shutdown  .
still buggin me they got us working today .
caught fire anywhere is absolutely unexpected incidents  however need everyone suspected precautions  immediately n .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
the shutdown committee says it will give government space to meet their demands  alextotalshutdown.
so far  two of those three women have been granted asylum  the other had a hearing postponed due to the shutdown  o .
reminder  the power will be shutdown in reese today  4 19  from 7 8 a m  there will be no electrical power to the building during this time .
shutdown computer via c program .
sadiq khan knife crime  crossrail  xr shutdown  rather than govern he grandstands  amp  virtue signals   .
 menudocs shutdown command episode.
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
govt  of jammu and kashmir has forgot that there exists 4g internet in south kashmir internet shutdown has suppress .
 dawnbutlerbrent dear dawn   thank you for the solidarity  amp  support    operation shutdown would like to meet with you .
    so much for these  peaceful  protests  rightly so they should be arrested  if they re so p .
all money and no brains private education wasted on these creatures     heathrow protest   extinction rebellion pro .
so  apple  applesupport bring out a new mac and mine suddenly goes on a go slow  how strange   then after a shutdown .
 waruder w.
 mattcuti  p1afc  jvxk h resulting to insults  proving my point  you try and take the piss out me and get shutdown  .
not a single vote casted at 80 polling booths in srinagar amidst shutdown and clashes  the overall percentage is sa .
 shutdown g0 i6     w.
who would have thought being a chemical operator also entailed cutting and moving a tree in the middle of a storm w .
blackberry messenger  31  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
i have provided you the messages from jet airways   and you guys are very well aware with operational shutdown of .
the  myanc in mpumalanga ehlanzeni in mbombela to be precise is at loggerheads  demolishing each others houses and .
 marklevinshow wish he had power to shutdown this narrative of lies that are being kept spining    ppl are tired of .
 morrison7218  habsdiehardsmtl he can t do anything productive  can t make a simple pass a play etc he s an alzner .
its  goodfriday  which means here at midland lead the team are on easter shutdown from now until the 23rd to enjoy .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
payza       payza to shutdown in united states and many other includingbangladesh  .
                         .
 outfrontcnn  aprildryan cnn lies to the people all the time  should every reporter be fired   should the company b .
last night   the san antonio spurs ride the hot hand of derrick white to capture a 2 1 series lead vs denver  jamal .
easter shutdown  dantherm group uk will be closed from 19 april   22 april  the office will reopen at 8 30am on tue .
overwhelm can   meltdown for me  if unsafe to express  when getting an iv put in for example  dissociation kicks in .
any idea who those outsiders were that caused the shutdown of this family friendly  .
56.
fights force shutdown of aston carnival  via  delcotimes.
80       .
 edtruman3 oh i agree they need to  releasethefullmuellerreport  my point is there is enough with the redacted vers .
shutdown the whole world baba  ushbebecomedian    ya dadi way     yadadi13  thechroniclesofushbebeliveindubai .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
 imho1969  jheil  morning joe it certainly seems that way these days   so many massive issues scandals that do the .
    .
                      .
 grancrestwaren make a offline mode so we can play the game even after shutdown.
 cenbank please help us shutdown this useless  alat ng because they tamper with the money in ones account and edit .
eco warriors sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to shutdown airport .
 tracytlm45  skau61  glopol analysis  yvonnegetcarter  hairlossclinic1  cjsienna55  whereangelsdare  usgovignorance .
 jheil  morning joe this will be forgotten in a few weeks     remember it was just 4 months ago that the government s .
qualcomm to shutdown its chinese joint venture on advancedsemiconductors  .
 cagsil  chooselovetoday  petejohn10  bbfunk01  crg crm  russ warrior  clarkkentwars  zd arts  cbs  carrolltrust .
parang nag shutdown ang metro manila .
 montie i assume that she flew into heathrow and is busy trying to shutdown that very same airport  if carlsberg did hypocrisy    .
my stream earlier today was completely dead and i think it s time that i need to take a break or shut down my .
fucking helll      were getting there lets keep pushing my gs      grime is about         noclout by  officialstogey .
 losturquhart  cpilots2017  herbamour and now this herb  has blocked me too  no answer to the questions  it is dis .
 paul cornell a friend describes it as reactor three has gone into temporary shutdown  all systems offline   last .
blackberry messenger  31           whatphone  blackberrymessenger  bbm.
 monamielarose practising mindfulness meditation techniques is the most effective method for averting a shutdown in .
 ortho fl 183 152 13 2 2 163  .
 richardbranson  amnestyuk hold on   devils advocate here but a shutdown rebuttal   the refs of every broncos game .
oof i did wreck ur day .
 waruder             .
 ani there is a limit to the patience of the common man  forceful shutdown of everything during a bandh makes the p .
national parks face lasting damage long after government shutdown ends .
 zonelan  hermanmashaba  our da  myanc  anccaucuscoj mashaba will say nothing about this    it was clear that the da .
these posh protestors are the problem polluting with there jolly holidays paid by tax avoiding mumsie an daddy   ri .
 extinctionrebellion plots heathrow shutdown .
sad to see jet airways shutdown  worked with several folks from their it team when i managed the relationship with .
 thashanamcqueen shutdown  why  the night was just starting to get interesting .
jet airways shutdown affects exports of fruits and veggies    accounted for 50  of exports from mumbai to london  a .
economy  expectations for first quarter growth have suddenly surged past 2  after looking to be 1  or less during t .
 eurekaweekly  arclight go on  start hectoring  like nearly every pro nuker ever  a welder overheating and explodin .
a lot of iol   esatfree   oceanfree email users still haven t opted in to move to ourselves  if they don t opt in t .
no clout is going off big up  spotify  amp   applemusic for adding it to the grime shutdown and grime 2 0 playlists  st .
jet airways shutdown   more than 16 000 employees are now jobless   the employees have not got their salaries for th .
am receiving reports that  bali  dpsairport terminal is shutdown due to a fire  anyone got more info .
 kanhaiyakumar oh kanheya    keep your dramabazy   talk in real terms not this stupid drama  if u have real intenti .
it is annoying for no response from  makemytrip  klm by any means  call and mail   mmt id   nn2269725970789  e tick .
bidding a farewell goodbye to blackberry messenger bbm as the messaging app shutdown may 31st2019 .
a common kashmiri who wants      azadi from pakistan sponsored terrorism    azadi from hurriyat and their hypocrisy     .
bidding a farewell goodbye to blackberry messenger bbm as the messaging app shutdown may 31st 2019 .
 aprildryan so like what should we do with all the lies from cnn   i guessing you want your network shutdown  i jus .
 advmkk1  navin veer  ravi prayas1  vinayaknipun  commissionerau2  vijdiw  kendrekarsunil  mohua india .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   ai  iot  bigdata mt  mikequindazzi .
 leomardk shutdown lu.
 jwa nj petition to make zero channel shutdown .
happy easter from everyone at malton plastics     see the link below for information regarding shutdown over the eas .
 officeofknath please do something for electricity shutdown   don t be our next bantadhar.
 kaulebe  fordsouthafrica  ford we must shutdown all fordsa maybe they will take us seriously.
two traffic red alerts  i 75 sb is shutdown south of delk rd  in cobb county and i 285 nb is closed north of memori .
 ptshrikant  uppcllko  htnoidagzb complain already registered but problem is that live ht wire is hanging in the ai .
absolute snowflake thinking he can  shutdown heathrow      not like in london where cars were burning more petrol whi .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
uprising has just been named the most deluded  we think every new york times avoid a shutdown in d c  vote for in your congressional.
trump demands end to congressional recess to work on us immigration overhaul  the president wants lawmakers back in .
nowplaying  osi   shutdown on   progrock.
una t huling sama ko na to sa shutdown ng company lezzgooow.
dougie fresh presents his annual sell out birthday party   kontrol    sunday 21st april   sugarsuite    11pm   4am    th .
brits braced for travel hell today as eco warriors vow to shut down heathrow .
booked a jet airways flight  here s what you need to do after its shutdown     jetairways.
 phoneradarblog blackberry hi shutdown hai already.
blackberry messenger  bbm  announces may 31st  2019 as official shutdowndate  .
 killyourfm  ubuntu i ve seen in the article that you ve got ububtu  amp  dell xps 9370  did you ever have issues with .
alex jones channel shut down full show  2 infowars channelshutdown .
 icymi  transport minister blade nzimande says he has been assured by the security cluster that any planned shutdow .
eskom total shutdown  .
terri  starboyterri major star   onme burst out     oya year don finally start  shutdown.
three ways jet airways shutdown will affect the aviation industry      read   .
di q namalayan na lowbat na pala cp ko kakastream kung di pa nag shutdown pota para akong asong ulol na natataranta.
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown   heartnews  .
 moca goi  sureshpprabhu  jayantsinha sad to see that  jetairways is about to shutdown  why no action from gov  aft .
 nickdixonitv  gmb anti knife crime protesters  operation shutdown  closed down westminster bridge on wednesday  bu .
meet the tosser behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
only shows that duterte shutdown boracay to let chinese business and workers come in  boracay province of china now .
 dcexaminer the only thing trump obstructed was  pencilneck s  and nancy s little junket to europe during the dnc g .
 brignolifabry3  youtube  xboxsupport if that means a full shutdown  yes i did that i watch netflix  twitch  amazon .
 icymi yesterday   my article published by  cnbc on  jetairways amidst this  jetairwayscrisis and  shutdown .
 mattdkerr  shanselman the technically not so knowledgeable  or the ones who are conditioned to just say yes  by mi .
fri 13th shaban 1440h   30c  1 27 pm drive safely    lol    a very happy and very good friday to me     had a very b .
the national transportation safety board was effectively out of business during the year end government shutdown  with its staff furloughed .
 msnbc  nicolledwallace  msnbc you should be shutdown .
 jeremyvineon5 the police were fantastic wednesday during the operation shutdown stop the violence rally where we s .
drama shutdown successfully  .
open view news desk jammu   in order to execute work for rectification of hotspots  routine preventive maintenance .
 marasr1893  not a badboy  ohnunz j agr quanto a essa discusso da ram tamos de acordo at certo ponto porque um i .
 jermainemedia easter pack     another easter holiday is upon us    its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
now you are talking khan    bring chohan back to punjab cabinet  hes one man army to keep noonies shutdown and count .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 wndrfl7  msnbc exactly why i think mueller team shutdown early  that said there is still a ton of stuff here .
 salamsibai96  aboood9x9 yep exactly  but i played the whole game without saving except 3 times   when i had to shu .
 neurorebel yes  for self preservation  as you said  and then somehow i pull myself out of the shutdown enough to f .
 fuckmaarc go shutdown jags bro .
normal people   shut down mac  press power button    me     sudo shutdown  h now.
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
another easter holiday is upon us    its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown tings   for bookings  0903 .
 turquoizzze  vettichennaiguy eppovachum tv la potta i would shutdown my brain and watch some movies  it was in tha .
another easter holiday is upon us    its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown tings   for bookings  jjok .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
so does this  campus shutdown  mean the cafe is going to be closed  im hangry.
major gasline shutdown work going on in rourkela steel plant .
 onthisday 19th april  2017 3teth  threeteeth   shutdown  music video   2016 the egyptian lover  thegyptianlover   i .
more than 500 arrested but only 10 people have been charged  this weak response by  metpoliceuk  metcc and the labo .
we ll be back firing on all cylinders from tuesday     happy easter      reminder  ventilation  shutdown  hvac .
i have never disappointed yall  its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown tings   for bookings  jjokpe  .
 8ap  jetairways sir  i don t care about the airline but i care for the 20k employees  who will have very tough tim .
rich kid who has probably had more exotic holidays than most people have had hot dinners wants to shutdown heathrow .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
ooh lets try to shutdown heathrow   what a great way to get the public onside .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
recover  i don t know that i do that in a healthy manner yet  burnout pretty much forces a huge shutdown and i deal with the aftermath .
jet airways shutdown  grounding of carrier affects exports of fresh fruits  vegetables   .
 traderbased  alphaideas who said it s government job  no one asking govt to bail out the company  asking to help e .
 marvelstrikef support request possible  we got illegitimate bans here  because we used a  downgrade  to be able to .
then 5  twitter shutdown your account  .
reminder  competition pool shutdown  .
reminder  competition pool shutdown  .
 yvonnenelsongh voting  not bad  but i think we don t need to wait till then  mark twain says  if voting made any d .
posh eco warrior behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for thousands  these privileged .
 weeks after the shutdown   some people move on   but not us  .
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in kashmir  via  air news india.
took meds   3  2  1   shutdown   .
it would be funny if a group of hippies managed to shutdown heathrow airport   extinctionrebellion.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
      22              jetairways .
power is out   you ll need to override the shutdown at source    .
 thepeterkelly  andreahorwath  inkskratch everybody needs to either threaten or go on strike  like the flight atten .
boss up .
what happens when bouncers try to shutdown a party with solomun   techno  nashville .
 81studios tn you need to undermine the parts where he tried to force 4 senior admin officials to shutdown the inve .
job  charleston sc usa   cp process engineer 492       the supply chain schedule lead shutdown and start      the s .
i request all people out there let s create a social campaign to  savejetairways  do not let our nation s pride dow .
 whitequark i m impressed that they included thermal shutdown for a chip that goes ding dong.
help us raise money for  mentalhealth in the uk  we are challenging you all  to take part in our  social media shut .
bibo ba ni cellphone na 81  pa shutdown.
 simona1979  realmjfacts how do u know that i dont know         there is too many shit thats been said or found not .
 sovereignpath  pablo43713961  mavenwylde  crislabossiere  desastreboi  ponygal923  fikemartin  bosiebluecat .
 gaiafawkes shutdown heathrow  ruin the holidays of thousands of hard working brits who haven t got a rich mummy an .
 muhamma58068168 acting more like a debt collector on opposition rather than focusing on job of finance  overall in .
same suspect who caused the shutdown of the  benicia    martinez bridge recently  by claiming to have a bomb  is ar .
 kimstrassel  rodstryker that is the sound of cnn being flushed down the drain   they better hope there isn t an air .
   .
 rdanuwu least yours was a shutdown at 15 14   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
catch me performing this freestyle on the 27th april supporting  aystar  at  medusasv night club bradford      grime .
all i m saying is you females artist major and independent better thank god that  yagirlshonie ain t persuing a hea .
 forced shutdown di setiap 5 menit awal      setelah berhasil lewat 5 menit sukses after booting  be like   nice    .
 tyweeky let them know  we use to shutdown shit .
nag shutdown eh nanonood ako ng movie kabsjshsjshs di ko alam kung ilan mins na sjsbjsbsbs .
day after shutdown  life returns to normal inkashmir  .
 mikeisaac  terryresist facebook needs to be shutdown.
a year ago we published  what happens to construction contractors during a government shutdown   .
 bbm lol i thought dat shutdown longtime ago.
 msparadoxy  rachaelvenables  lbc stopping transport  therefore stopping ambulances etc  if someone wearing a burqa .
   sapience  roksuu shutdown parin system nila hshshhs.
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in kashmir     .
last line of the article i just read about juicero shutting down  evans has not commented on the shutdown  but he .
   ridwann boleh  nak tukar tapi dikenakan caj  kecuali peratus 79  atau unexpected shutdown itu boleh cover.
shutdown heathrow  kudos to you all  extinctionrebellion.
life returns to normal in kashmir valley on friday after remaining paralysed on thursday due to a protest shutdown .
dame tu pin    blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
any dev vms are started only when needed and auto shutdown at 5am in case forgotten about .
 pinkgelato15  peter fitz  lesstonehouse  hamishnews  michaelwestbiz  barnaby joyce  margokingston1  theprojecttv s .
 s4hana migrations have to be meticulously and laboriously planned in order to be successful   that is  if you re n .
i hope jet will soon back to those glory days   jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  .
 whatthebearsays no shutdown just holding a banner  watch it live.
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in  kashmir  .
 shops and other  commercial establishments opened in  srinagar and elsewhere while  transport also started  plying .
 samaobuobi  movenpickhotels hmmmm this won t happen  the state would use judges to protect the hotel  why haven t .
 tanyabeco  simoncalder aeroplane engines burn huge amounts of hydrocarbon fuel  so produce huge amounts of carbon .
 zomatoin zomato had credit 27 as cash back which had expiry of 18 apr but it was shutdown on 18  you cut down my .
so eto  mahilig ako mang shutdown ng lalaki  tapos yung isa sa kanila wala akong idea na host pala ng isang gamecon .
 zomatoin zomato had credit 27 as cash back which had expiry of 18 apr but it was shutdown on 18  you cut down my .
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in  kashmir .
 jazzayye im about to shutdown.
 conorthedev the android shutdown module i forgot what the tweak was called.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 kubatana  veritaszim  misazimbabwe  dougcoltart this bill further sanitize the injustices of shutdown protest incl .
never shop online with  homecentreindia such a pathetic customer service this so called brand provides  that i wond .
 humblesmiths will be live in calabar tomorrow  it s gonna be  total shutdown   .
an apparent rebound from the government shutdown  mini recession   but then what    markets  finance  tcot.
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in kashmir .
 andrewcastle63     guy news spoke with robin boardman pattison about his plans to shut down heathrow              lbc  lbc.
my head is full   officially information overload shutdown .
 shutdown it .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
posh privately educated eco warrior robin boardman pattison  aged 21 is behind  extinctionrebellion  heathrow shutd .
 iamtherara what you saying the shutdown is pending yeah       saturday couldnt come any quicker      .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
the easter monday shutdown  mckennas belfast  3 days to go enjoy x                                              portuguese  afro .
them whitelisting the beta was like club penguins shutdown    .
                        .
 chitika has been  shutdown and i  cancelled my account   watch upcoming  malayalamvlog with  nikhilvijay.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   metabloks.
 neurorebel i ve had a meltdown or two  but often i defer a shutdown until i can get into the server room  it s col .
death is the only free thing in nigeria  even if you stay in your house  stray bullet will find its way  let s shut .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown   listen on spotify  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 paulgrain99 tested here and all is fine  twitter s a pwa now  so it can t really get  shutdown  .
this is also happening in nigeria where journalist and media outfits are harassed and closed   jayfmjos was shutdow .
if you are  or know someone affected by the  jetairways shutdown  and need an alternative career option  heres an .
these people are threatening to shutdown our sim cards fungeni we will start writing letters and chatting throu ema .
rt engadget  original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
trump didnt conspire with russia  donald was dupped by vladimire putin  since the government is shutdown shouldnt .
cron tips 004  cronshutdownpcrootex 00 23       root shu .
i went to a reggae outdoor concert wearing my new heels   i tripped over a extension cord and all the power shutdow .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
every week government is shutdown citizens should get 2  tax deduction april 19  2019 at 03 01am.
 michelleresists  judgejeanine  seliw59  realdonaldtrump for a well deserved vacation after having to babysit the d .
.
 effgroundforces  gautengeff  mandisamashego why media total shutdown on this important march   voteeff08may.
 original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
the typhoon couple shows back should have proved that   my friend went rizin 13 and had to leave early due to trans .
 worldofwarcraftmains  playing horde alts lately but ill always think of my nelf druid as my main tbh  so instead o .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
nagshu shutdown na naman ako sa taong nakapalibot sakin .
my eyes are going to shutdown but dzuh who cares mlllll.
the body is such a fragile thing  one tooth ache has caused such a shutdown and induced fatigue .
 neurorebel i shutdown more than meltdown.
the eco warrior behind a plot to shutdown travel at heathrow tomorrow bragged his protest will disrupt the travel .
 paulembery  sozzinski its there  its just not only on the right anymore  the definition has shifted to the left  t .
american let vote sign up for shutdown cnn forever they are trouble maker  no cnn anymore vote  .
   20                  loksabhaelections2019 .
done shutdown ig  lepas ni twitter pulak.
 jetblue  jetairways sad to hear for your shutdown i am deeply hurt  amp  worried about your 20000 staff  even though i .
 cpislandforever i havent obtained my dm  but will our data transfer over from club penguin island  i got a new ip .
the real shutdown we need in alexander is to close it down and rebuild a proper place of residence and work  reject crowded dirty spaces .
this shutdown hitting different cause im actually fedup .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
critics slam pseg s notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision    .
the carrier  saddled with roughly  1 2 billion of bank debt  has been teetering for weeks after failing to receive .
 matt  byrne     i set out to find out the conditions that lead to their shutdown and maybe         if they are rea .
 india1atm  situation of socalled indias 1 atm at my place     gt  no security    gt  no ac   gt  no cash but yes sometime you .
 realdonaldtrump poor america under a loose cannon named dj trump   jim mattis  resignation was a stunning rejection .
 jessbrammar  mrjamesob i support the protests until they start trying to shutdown public transport  support will g .
the shutdown of jet could be a wake up call for airlines to increase the prices   ask people to pay for it  .
 mbawolive soon truck drivers will be embarking on a national shutdown because most employers prefer foreign nation .
by the way  i installed os mojave and my macbook pro has stopped sleeping  resulted to shutdown which is a setback   wetroubleshootstill.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
suayeon shutdown .
         amazon    amazonin .
 johncornyn  dyessafbase classic cornyn   no comment on obstruction by trump   deflect   texans remember he voted f .
 handel l  elaine greek  ericvonhaden1  brendawinkowsk2  kayajones  realdonaldtrump  kayajones0  tomilahren .
emergency services were scrambled to the junction of spring lane and church street in erdington at around midday to .
 let the jet fly  its sorrowful that so prominent airlines of country is on verge of shutdown banks and govt bodies .
a bit of comedy for you  the government shutdown is basically exactly like  mean girls   laughter  snicker  smile .
 cnbc awaaz  jetairways  airindiain modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  .
 whoistheblack oboy i force shutdown ooooo.
 sameeryasir separatists amd ppl across the border wd hv revelled seeing such scenes from  srinagar  this shutdown .
wsu to study impact of government shutdown on northern utah   abc 4   wsu to study impact of government shutdown on .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
posh extinction rebellion protester behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for   the sun .
if you have booked a jet airways ticket heres what you can do due to its temporary shutdown   jetairways .
maybe it s coincidence  maybe it s a panic shutdown of all brexit promotions  maybe somebody complaint about the co .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
seokjin doing aegyo    me    windows xp shutdown sound .
never think you can shutdown the mvp  kdtrey5 you must be smoking   patbev21.
this shutdown is too much .
 win  with 1st semester shutdown madu dance  .
video  russia prepares for global internet shutdown russia is preparing for a global internet shutdown  putin is no .
shutdown in poll bound areas of indian occupied kashmir  .
 piersmorgan i think youre worried  mueller pulled a masterstroke  he said he it is  if i prosecute  this will all .
 realjack she might want to get that hospital bed reserved in advance  cause shes going to need it  i think she wo .
zimbabwean mobile telcos say customers refunded after internetshutdown  .
 kashmirintel 2kbps mean shutdown.
jet airways temporary shutdown has significantly aggravated problems for the airline with potential investors aski .
not sure if this makes sense or not   it s 2 am and i should have been asleep hours ago so my sun bleached brain ha .
 lazygirlsinfo has the website shutdown .
 gt  gt  gt solar storm detected  data corrupted  entering emergency shutdown .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
bbm wants to shutdown chai.
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019  farooq javed   shuaib masoodi   farooq .
 mrhunsaker  neurorebel also  remember that the term shutdown has another meaning too  it s a stage beyond hypokala .
 struth92701547  mikedutton9  rosfler fuller  evtimoz  grahamperrettmp  angustaylormp that s the lie perpetrated by .
internet was restored in  kashmir at 23 15 on april 18  after a 27 hour shutdown  however  the speed in south kashm .
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019  farooq javed   shuaib masoodi   farooq .
 police shutdown every other party      ncat students  pop up party in front of the cafe byow byob .
 rahulgandhi going to shutdown 144000 employees in financial week    aachhee din aagai .
i like livin this way  i like lovin this way      this is it rehearsal .
 thompsonscribe he was shutdown q4 so yes.
 nbatv yah had it good when kd went passive mode twice  but the media and the haters was hyping pat like he shutdow .
 rahulgandhi shutdown  aachhee din aagai  may be convert into ambani airlince .
that ending of human nature is pure magic      live 1992 bucharest .
 jenmsft  disch inthevox  northfacehiker this is stunning  that s the point why it makes fun to shutdown the device .
arkadalar durduramyorum kendimi srekli dinliyorum bir el atn       ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss  .
palowbat na aq      peru makikisali muna gat dpa shutdown    gelanceworthfri8ingfor.
     plant news   1  company lg chemical  2 product  poly vinyl chloride  pvc   3 location  yeosu  s  korea  4 capacit .
 helixux i feel you  dude  i was feel depressed as all hell last week and asked myself  dafuq  why sad    turns out .
open during a shutdown     photography    shutdown    travel .
rain and flooding snarled traffic and sparked the shutdown of interstate 30 outside alexander  arkansas  on april 1 .
i ve heard the term  juke joint  used a lot lately by rich white people and ads  the same people that would shit a .
 sureshpprabhu bjp manifesto proudly speaks about increasing the functional airport from 65 in 2014 to 101 airport .
update  we reached out to the  fieldschina team  who confirmed the shutdown  .
power shutdown on april 21  for more details   .
trumps shutdown is no cuts to.
 eawhamm03 i guess i m worried about people leaving bad reviews  my story is set in 2030  in which there was a gove .
 hsbc in dear hsbc  you should be ashamed that even after 115 days you are not able to solve a small case  shutdown .
super bloom shutdown     ap               .
 prakashraaj going to be shutdown  may be convert into anil ambani sanchar nigam      .
niggas 5 shutdown functions in and still tryna party lmao give it a rest.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 olystubbies44  scotttbrower1  is contagious  markjohnt2  basedpompeo  sonofman  2  bluesbrother91  therand2025 .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  via  collider.
just seen bbm is getting shutdown nothing better than randomly pinging people at 2 bell in the morning and sending .
 prakashraaj shutdown   may be convert into ambani airlince .
   operationshutdown  operationshut19.
i played this character for literally 4 years  she was my city of heroes main from 2008 to server shutdown in 2012  .
 tipsypianobar thanks for the response   whatever the cause  the shutdown of discussion about possible causes leads me to be more suspect .
 gertrude is out there re limits to what pence d do   hatcheting norms  sprint to autocracy  wd  or slow     recall  .
 amazon to  shutdown  china website in july  .
easter travel hell fears as protesters vow to shut down heathrow airport today  .
 niantichelp my account has been suspended for a week now  i had to miss the bagon community and many other fun thi .
 barnacules how salty did that guy have to be  idk what you said but he went into a full blown shutdown you d see f .
 neurorebel i learned to suffocate it until i m alone  but i never learned to shutdown   that said  i do try to with .
spring carnival in aston shut down after fights break out  .
 snidog trade joc whos right now or your boy verdugo for brad hand  outfielders are easier to replace than shutdo .
a quick reminder to you guys    follow              delete  ex  shutdown  motivation  leadership .
next thing you know servers shutdown for the second time today  amp  my mixer stream ain t save  i m a call it a night .
feel very sorry for  20 000 direct and indirect employees who have nowhere to go  hope someone sensible  takes it o .
dont let me run the slow playlist  shutdown.
 pollitoyeye  kotarobo because all of this 1 13 s mess  my server is locked into 1 12 2 till forever and 1 14 comin .
putting the house into shutdown.
the countrys major national roads are being threatened with disruption by a truck driver shutdown over the employm .
government said huduma number was voluntary  now communications authority of kenya says it will shutdown phones of .
global awareness members helping out with the shutdown for the long weekend  energycup2019  ecctamanawis  tamanawis .
 reutersindia  abhiruproy30  tanvimehta710 greatest contribution by  modi      jetairways shutdown   bsnl winding up .
where are you respected pm  narendramodi    when our company  jetairways has shutdown operations and our future is .
 breeashhh they do  he just got shutdown the other night by pat bev  right  i guess you tuning in to the wrong es .
 paytonfranks hey girl i just wanna suggest not using paypal they are super anti sex work and will shutdown your ac .
we just scored 7 runs  amp  made this a game  now garcia has walked the bases loaded  amp  theres 1 out  this must be a sh .
 narendramodi sir as a indian citizen today after sudden shut down of jet airways   plz take some action to restart .
 zeebusiness modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujara .
 kumarirukshmani it is just not 20 000 jet employees but many other employees of other agency have been hit hard du .
 nevadajack2 what a crackhead  in the middle of a national crisis and she wants to shutdown the very agency who pro .
 blraviation  unraveaero  airindiain and they are asking for 9000 crs now of threatening a  jetairways shutdown sto .
 panglimahansip  kpu id wah      inget film film konspirasi      semua yg berhubungan di shutdown.
     plant news   1  company  tasnee  2 product  poly propylene  pp   3 location  onsan  s korea  4 capacity   730 ktp .
 aamadmo apparently 32000 jobs are lost due to this shutdown  .
rain and flooding snarled traffic and sparked the shutdown of interstate 30 outside alexander  arkansas  on april 1 .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
will say a prayer .
in 2018  we finalized the shutdown of our arthroscopy business and reorganized our sales and marketing operations .
 lynnesoraya yes  one time i was in shutdown mode for a month and a half  no speaking  no brushing my teeth  etc  i .
its either your a go getter or a motherfucka patiently  sitting hoping that something happens for you  its either y .
 coindelta   why your withdrawal fees is higher than other exchanges despite of the exchange shutdown  it will be h .
see the difference between me  amp  you i know how to shutdown all fun get ugly on these hoes  amp  get the  right .
 kstreethipster i see your point  but at least it could keep him in a bad spot  the only other bad spots hes been h .
tae  where am i  who am i   shutdown   .
im not going to anymore addys  everything getting shutdown because yall keep posting moves on social media   ncat.
gusto ko nalang muna mag shutdown sa lahat nakakaiyak nakakalungkot     .
kenapa noh update gambar macam tu  kenapa ali sariah shutdown semua social media dia  kenapa kenapa .
 safmnews all people are equal  this absolute lie u have money u are above the law  u are king u have a right to el .
mashaba is just a shutdown himself  if mashaba  is what the da can ongly offer in joburg then it means they are in a leadership crisis .
 geoff makhubo mashaba is just a shutdown himsef.
 geoff makhubo mashaba is total desaster that is he was was told that he is not a politician  as for mashaba to be .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
 miguelitos098 wahahahahahahahhaa shutdown.
in the past 25 years the government has not been aware of the health care conditions in townships  25 years  did it .
 benshapiro trade   russia and iran nuclear treaties   longest shutdown    his pride has damaged the country .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  via  livefromalounge.
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson seems inappropriate for donny  shutdown  trump to accusing anyone of lying    lying is your speech pattern  .
cop gets shutdown   whos the idiot now     first amendment audit 36  via  youtube.
bloody fidiots are these people  moronic is another term     climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  .
 jzen12 nope  not going to engage  see what i did there   thats how it feels when someone points out racism  they .
                    .
mannnn this shit wack and everything getting shutdown  hmp if you need me.
 scottdesno when my husband was furloughed govt shutdown  i started skipping antidepressants  we have kids to feed .
 lubnazahir  diamond sky    shimranab  dr iyaz  alizaid1000 how many are dead due to medical negligence at hospital .
 volatilitywiz maybe more european brexit related  found this   source      would ve thought ba .
gulfstream g iv full flight engine start to shutdown kfxe kpbi   pilot v     via  youtube.
 askmenfess forcw shutdown.
im just wondering how many twitter accounts will be shutdown after the election 2019.
shutdown defense  but lou is just special fam.
 d mitchell91  thv11 7 2 ip  10 k  amp  only 2 er against the best offense in the sec    kind of feels like a shutdown  .
  vlright dont feel left out lol everything shutdown within 5mins.
been using this bbm which have it own messaging  1st platform able to call and videocol  and channel now it shutdow .
 neurorebel i think both but post dx shutdown is a conscious effort   .
 stokedoo  jasonkirksbn just found it  shutdown fullcast episode 356  week 5 review  8 min in  it was actually jaso .
full shutdown    done yall got it bro  tired boss.
 neurorebel sounds about right   my worst shutdown lasted 24 hours  the er doc diagnosed it as  wait for it         p .
 qatar shutdown coordinator  .
massive chinese trade shutdown  amazon retreats from china market  goog fb hubris .
have no motivation to continue living today ahhhhhhh can i just shutdown for a whiiiiile   .
 rylanstolar official scorer decided     buchholz left after 4 2 innings  so it can t be him even though the jays wer .
 nedaebrahimi7 on  citynews discussing the dire need for a service like  motherrisk and the potential implications .
 waambui total shutdown needed  we need to start afresh.
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming   9to5mac .
 stokedoo  jasonkirksbn cant remember the exact episode of the shutdown fullcast  but holly describes some player .
my brilliant sister  dr  neda ebrahimi  on  citynews discussing the dire need for a service like  motherrisk and th .
 hitori aruki  thejokester mrj it injured the health of an entertainment industry and the money that flows through .
 acjoshi ha ha ha like that scared and desperate face    stupid people can shutdown tweeter not thoughts   .
 scottjenningsky the previous administration was shutdown by mcconnell from warning everybody clown .
jet airways shutdown        17   11       .
 shahfaesal  jkgrievance i thinks you should appeal to the protesters who are mainly responsible for internet shutdown .
is the government still shutdown .
the conclusion to discuss isn t whether youtube would shutdown  it is what if youtube was no longer the leading med .
 swadhashankar  rajarshi h it s time to shutdown bollywood forever  it s been churning out shit nowadays .
dems want to eliminate the electoral votes expand and stock the supreme court shutdown free speech from conservativ .
qatar petroleum  qp  jobs 2019   apply now  apply now gt  gt  gt   free visa   free ticket   free ac .
at least six teens were arrested and the annual spring carnival in aston  pennsylvania  was closed after fights bro .
 pgns   closed  after pc plus 2  there are no trim requirements  and  if you have a shutdown during pc plus 2  subs .
 mihirmishra let it shutdown     why should tax payers money go to running a loss making making for decades.
respected pm sir  narendramodi     kindly look into jet airways employees situation as they are crying  dying  amp  being .
will my 7 30am flight make it in time to avoid the heathrow shutdown  .
staff of airtel dth get ready to switch of your job because of customer unsatisfied airtel shutdown   airtelindia.
shutdown and won .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
s o to all my fam in lautoka whos doing that  taki wai life rn   yall are real ones   but really whos idea was .
shutdown .
yahweeh   davidrockefeler   your son  victortrice of my buisness  gattorgrace was the only one to ever figure me ou .
 sportscenter bev is 6 1 being that he got a 7 footer ejected one game and shutdown the next   i d said she still u .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
reverse mortgage data details disruption from government shutdown .
 neurorebel  aspiehuman my shutdowns aren t always internalized meltdowns  usually i feel a lot of earning signs th .
 bigak9  lakeshow wess  futurenbaowner disrespectful  pb gonna go shutdown mode now .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown   jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
 pkharrington  starsandstripes shutdown ny obstructionist dems.
hilo transfer station shutdown after discovery of explosive ordnance  .
y know it really didn t take long for nancy pelosi to burn out the good will that was going on at the start of 2019 .
respected pm sir  narendramodi     kindly look into jet airways employees situation as they are crying  dying  amp  being .
getting a roblox egg from theme park 2  failed it once  i got mad  my 2nd just now i was about to get the egg and t .
 fairimmigration  whatsth61068280  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder the only way we will get our useless politicians to fi .
 cliffsrepaircor  kube00 no they havent  they released the app today on xb1  the streaming service stuff was just c .
 cernovich she is a one issue voter   immigration  she is waiting for a complete shutdown of the border  most likel .
1  was he focred to shutdown the investigation     2  why did he not establish evidence of collusion     3  why is his .
 shahfaesal exactly sir  internet shutdown is hurting south kashmir students  despite normal situation.
 meenavyas50  abhijitmajumder  iyervval  twitterindia yes  once modiji is elected we can shutdown twitter account a .
 danjohn88147827  vichyrepublican  mzhemingway and everybody literate knows that hillarys email server had already .
dead annoyed that everything be getting shutdown.
 repmaxinewaters  agbarr shutdown  sco the entire  russiainvestigation    mueller was not finished.
trump walks out of white house meeting with democrats about shutdown   npr u r a lil bi .
 drmsecunderabad  train number 17063 on outer for last 30 minutes  it was before time at malkajgiri  acs are shutdo .
daming ganap sa bbm noon    .
air traffic controllers  working unpaid  sue u s  over shutdown   wallst.
 govofco  domoreno  votebobrankin  zenzinger atoz  dlesgar  hansenforco  kimransom     and you shutdown the oil  amp  g .
 falcons2008  themarkpantano  bdogg999 he s right though  trump is making either mistakes or decisions at times tha .
 reneritchie  fznalm couldnt agree with you moreso surprised they are not shutdown.
 abnormaldna  sfpelosi  itchmcconnel already has to own all the  kochfunded  radicalfederalistjudges he has put on .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 chicagomgd sd they know how many seats they lost in the midterms  you saw how they voted against trump on the gov  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
spurs completely shutdown murray tonight.
modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujarat nre coke po .
i cant wait to find out how the month without pay during the government shutdown affected corruption on the border  .
parties in greensboro get shutdown soon as the addy get sent.
 natashabertrand  sharonvt75 really seems indicative of a special counsel shutdown  so many more avenues  amp  did not pursue .
traditionally the easter holidays have been a non ratings period  but with the rise of streaming television  comme .
devos toady  gregmcneilly tries and fails in his latest sad  little op ed   loser    .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 bj davis23  ikhurshudyan if any fanbase can take that  its the capitals fanbase  however  when your fans boo a pl .
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  canogapark on hwy 27 sb between sherman wy and vanowen st  latraffic.
the world will never get that  meekmill   amp   nipseyhussle joint album .
 socaltelevision  traffic  alert  gt     work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  canogapark on     .
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  canogapark on hwy 27 sb after sherman wy  latraffic .
so the mueller report revealed that there was no russian collusion  and that trump tried and failed to get the inve .
just found out its a different name same owner  if yall dont remember that place had roaches before it shutdown .
 mayawiley i am a retired senior executive from irs  the agency is impacted by the shutdown and  is rarely mentione .
fuck my laptop said 0101100111 shutdown mode.
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 logan hallman  2020polpolls i wouldn t be too sure about those republicans  i have been talking to several trump v .
so get this   with heaven and hell both essentially being in government shutdown      what if sam and dean end up rul .
 jalexkoss  jakecocain  aoc what companies are being shutdown   strong economies give us opportunities to work smar .
barron isn t quite at that level yet but for a u17 player he brings great secondary playmaking to the hal defense c .
while the irs continues to try to dig out of its hole  made deeper by the government shutdown  experts say new perm .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
ben really stepped up tonight in game 3 which was pivotal in the series  w o jojo ben had his best gm as a sixer sc .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
 mistertennis  risarudy  j r t 1  jakecocain  aoc those who are draining from the economy are the ceos and boards t .
after all was said and done today  mueller not there at the press conference  barr basically stating that mueller w .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via  es engadget .
imagine if we had a president who could talk for that long about the first principles of immigration restriction in .
 cpfscancelados so imaginei o barulho  windows xp shutdown .
the naps scored a run in the 7th  but mullin  2 0  shutdown cleveland and detroit won 3 2   mullin pitched a comple .
modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujarat nre coke po .
 coachbillself i m happy to read this  i m also especially bill shutdown those nba stories in the rumor mill .
 nourmayunia mohon maaf bbm sudah shutdown .
 darcoleptic  buseireann lol shutdown.
ao3 is truly the only place i rely on to respond to abuse reports  it s really cool that they re pretty tight on th .
 kag4all  deborahjuanita4 should we have a hunger strike to shut down congress  but then  that wouldn t be american .
bro samsung a50 restart panna youtube video 2x speed la run aguthu and sound head phone jack work agala but shutdow .
 kjmmder well i was just attempting to record gameplay but pc overheated and auto shutdown       i will try again soon .
 jetairways it s of no use to express sadness  it is well planned decision by bankers and government to shutdown je .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
lessons learned during the government shutdown must not be forgotten  watch the documentary 35 days by nicholas m .
 sankar485  surrealzak shutdown chesaru illantivi undavvu anukuntunna govt should involve in this matter too bad 22k employees ante .
blackberry messenger  is shutting down next month     via  9to5mac  blackberry  messenger .
man it s like we re glomming on to any out of context sound bites we can find in order to demonize the congresswoma .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines south of reagan national airport .
i was deleted for speaking out against racism    so many racists reported me that my ig account got shutdown  for s .
trenton city government mired in  shutdown  in budget impasse  but has city exposed itself to  state takeover  as s .
shutdown innings don t exist  rockies on cruise control now.
such water disruption  amp  shutdown of water treatment plant due to critically needed repair work inconveniencing cons .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week    lindsayawatts reporting for  fox5dc  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
electricity shutdown in whole area  kelectricpk.
 grammalilx12  presssec similar lie when trump said he heard from countless govt employees during the shutdown tha .
 aliumbritt lmao my laptop turned itself off earlier  sometimes it just does this instead of sleep   had a thermal .
hello everyone  join us tomorrow for  communitylunch to hear fromnick leonardofgreat lakes environmental law cen .
lmao i just shutdown a kid from flexing his eon he was like you guys like my skin and im like yeah dude your ski .
 trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  really jimb  black is back5  thomaspearc3120  sconsyhammer  kmillercc .
 wwzthegame seems as if though the game just shutdown for some ps4 users claiming we need ps  to play online even though we all have ps .
check if your area is affected by the water treatment plant shutdown  .
 thehill interest of american people  plz  quit spending money on trump investigations  spend it on the people  wha .
thinking about how since master  shutdown i lost my entire backlog and catalogue  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 rambonthabottom our city didnt turn into little bitch babies and create petitions  our businessmen didnt buy bil .
why the need for such massive shutdown and inconvenient millions of users  what had failed along the way  amp  how will .
i hate shutdown.
dear media    if not for  potus   realdonaldtrump   u all would be jobless    cnn would shutdown   count your blessing .
 amyhoy i don t see what the president has to do with it  i ve tried looking      neither the house nor the senate bi .
 cammycakesyt why are they nerfing my favorite shutdown super .
climate protesters vow to shutdown heathrow airport on goodfriday  .
 airindiain  pmoindia  arunjaitley  narendramodi  moca goi  swamy39  sureshpprabhu how does it feel to be still fly .
unbelievable  20 seconds away from a shutdown period and suddenly its a one goal game .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines in virginia .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month    goodbyebbm.
 kimstrassel investigation could have been shutdown a year ago   they were just waiting for anything .
there was a rumor about their tv deal that has since been shutdown by a few trustworthy outlets  .
slept like i was paralyzed  man  full shutdown .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
suppose  google is going to suspend or shutdown all the services temporarily like  jetairways  which is your next p .
i hope she has made arrangements for her funeral because ice is not ever going to be shutdown  i t think most peopl .
there sure are a lot of instances of meetings between trump campaign aides and russians throughout the redacted mue .
 bbm to shutdown on may 31  2019  .
 pboxer12  katrinanation  katearonoff let s start slowly first  let s get a fy2020 budget authorization done as req .
         kandakai system           error code  k453  system error      ka2255  se4412   ka5832  se4942   ka9392  se9581     system shutdown   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 bretbaier bret  ive enjoyed ur fair  amp  balanced over the years  but many fox viewers are getting worried about the .
 dell  just bending the display getting shutdown .
 artixkrieger  how are you guys gonna deal with the adobe shutdown in 2020 .
 thehill oh wait  the republican house and senate left their leadership at the end of 2018 with a government shutdo .
rain and flooding snarled traffic and sparked the shutdown of interstate 30 outside alexander  arkansas  on april 1 .
 hilljack1253  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters who was on vacation and partying during the shutdown .
health dept  has announced four more schools will be closed    .
 hoarsewisperer  speakerpelosi  senschumer voters pissed off at democrats  whove only had 1 chamber of congress fo .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 senatorbrakey  steffi cole i don t understand why more people didn t realize this during the shutdown  the more we .
  tavares91 1 fav and 35 replies  his ratio is enough of a shutdown to his opinion  we dont even need to continue s .
dollar rallies from post fed losses as u s  shutdown likely    the dollar gained on friday as investors sought the cu .
an apparent rebound from the government shutdown mini recession  but thenwhat   .
dollar rallies from post fed losses as u s  shutdown likely    the dollar gained on friday as investors sought the cu .
 teampelosi why aren t you satisfied  what are you going to do about it  impeach donny  no  you ve already decided .
 iengineersab  ranaadeem ishaq dar was worse but we weren t worried that our businesses will be at the brink of shu .
 berniesanders is bernie going senile  do people really fall for this  is congress still confused about whether rus .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
honda production shutdown planned  dayton business   trendingnow  news  trending .
the price of not figuring out a scalable business for a big enough market   .
 airtel  airtel presence  airtelindia is the network in  baner region of  pune down  can t get a signal since morni .
 appreciatesnick this was the frustration that was being expressed by the original poster  ministries and missions .
spent 7h in hospital  treatment thursday then a 2 h drive turned into 5h  highway 11 shutdown  but finally  muskoka .
 bxnbxi trent has been exposed defensively at times ill give you that  hes also shutdown some of the greatest in .
 maxblumenthal heard your interview on  scotthortonshow  they want you shutdown  i just bought a copy .
 khanyimlangeni mine shutdown.
 toddamurphy it s infuriating how useless the democrats in congress are  nonstop face plants since the shutdown ended .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
2  and trump went along with it  when trump has been more focused on policy   shutdown  immigration  healthcare   he has trapped himself .
an apparent rebound from the government shutdown  mini recession   but then what  .
marie se fue shutdown.
 johnlundin  agbarr did shutdown  sco  amp   russiainvestigation      impeachbarr  impeachtrumpnow.
 whitehouse  twitter needs to shutdown the  whitehouse account for repeating lie after lie after lie    .
 funder  agbarr shutdown  sco  russiainvestigation   impeachbarr  impeachtrump.
 alannarizzo hell of a performance   big 3 outs top 6 in big shutdown inning against big part of lineup   really nice julio   .
 purduemitch in light of the 3 student suicides in just this past semester  i ask you to pause and think about what .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 starsandstripes but again   these are the troops trump didn t pay during the shutdown   trumpisadisgrace.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 pollutans  askmenfess shutdown jokowi sama prabowo gila sama ga sih  prabowo gila bukannya menyerang menghina prib .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 askmenfess lah shutdown jokowi gimana cing  sampe ttww wkwkwkwk.
 das kaushik  wethepeople1137  joeyjoejoelinux  freespeechjohn  rellie4  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump i can guara .
 nyctsubway when does the m line shutdown at nights end  l  f  g is cancelled at some locations  youre charging us .
that shit a shutdown a party  .
you can t underestimate the importance of having a legit shutdown defenceman come playoff time   winnipeg is a diff .
really nice close to the third for the nets to get it down to seven  have to carry this momentum into the fourth and shutdown redick.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
so  lush intend to switch up social by moving to an online community to engage with their customers  we cant wait .
indonesia government try to shutdown people voice  help indonesia  inaelectionobserversosgermany.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
yal thought the border shutdown was cute and all until yall got cutoff them perks .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 cnn thats it  time for a total and complete shutdown of all canadians entering the country  until we figure out what the hell is going on .
 bad takes jeebuz chrisis    i miss the good old times when crazy  old  pieces of crap like dobbs used to peacefully .
we re now on motions here at the special city council meeting on development charges  another 12  hour day here at .
 brianth04388059  scheknul alt  voxdotcom remember how the government shutdown 4 months ago was the end of the worl .
 neurorebel i shutdown way more and when i do meltdown i try to take it somewhere private if possible .
the next annual shutdown for the mghpcc will occur on 6 11 19 .
someone started crashing me at sand crabs and i can t even be fucked trying to anticrash so i set a shutdown timer .
in 2002 03  the  stlblues bruising defender rookie barret jackman posted 3 16 19 and 190pim  his highest in a sing .
at large councilman jerell blakeley  who spent an inordinate amount of time off the dais during the meeting  said h .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 phuturephilz that s how to shutdown     nice job boys  .
a respeito do evento de pscoa  entrar no jogo amanh  19 04  no shutdown dirio  ainda estamos ajustando alguns d .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
shutdown tonight yankeefamily have to do better and win these next three no excuses .
sniff of copyright   instant shutdown     nazis and hatespeech and explicit death threats   marketplace of ideas  theyre here forever  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 zainpatel01  agsawant  shivsena  bjp4india you should understand why these pvt airlines companies are shutdown  ov .
 yairnetanyahu cair as a front for hamas and the muslim brotherhood needs to be shutdown  it s an enemy to the west .
 shoomlah yesss  hopefully mine was not lost in the slack shutdown .
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  here s what you can do  moneycontrolcom .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 hoova   lowrlevls shutdown season comin back bois get the muskets.
goodbye  bongbong marcos   .
heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via  circleboom.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  losangeles on hwy 27 sb after sherman wy  latraffic .
here s the  proof brought by  drdrew the brain of  tyhenrymedium is definitely different than most  there is a  sh .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
india should implement content auditing for corporate news houses and biased news producers must be shutdown  fed u .
 jfg1984  senhorraposa don t forget the shutdown is still on people s minds in va .
 justgreggo  sharonwunderva  jenlskelly  kamvtv  maggienyt the mueller report lists activities of conspiracy  he sp .
join me in the audience was by 18 people seem to end the boeing 737 max  add some additional great job being let pe .
 nshhousecats  jofapreds bonino is too expensive to be capped at a 3rd line shutdown option  turris  like granlund  .
i have a trump theory might be tested depending on how much muellerpalooza we get  the only time we ve seen him har .
33  get better at being me  cuter  funnier  better at music  more rpg stuff  more writing   34  floating in space  l .
this looks like it could be a nice competitor with the slow shutdown  but i wonder about the lack of ergonomic grip  .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson ag barr  was installed to shutdown the investigation  amp  to stop trump from being ind .
 ice matty35 almost like thinking tylikov can be a shutdown pair.
 pattysyorkie he wanted his border wall or he would allow the shutdown to persist in perpetuity  pelosi forced his .
operation shutdown  demonstrators close off streets with demands action over knife crime  .
 twitchbizz408  gmshivers  americanmcgee sometimes it s the windows xp shutdown noise .
yall remember  us2500 vs  pull up gang  lmfaoooo      us damn near had the city shutdown behind him  .
what the hell is going on with cnn  mnsbc and abc  i used to watch this news media  i followed the collusion invest .
mid 2nd   miller works around a one out walk  and gets strikeouts 3  amp  4 on the evening to post a shutdown top half  .
if the new killers album doesnt sound like hot fuss  2 and if brandon doesnt have a sweet brit boy accent im sta .
all good things must come to an end  and that includes multiplayer support for the original burnout paradise  email .
punya lah shutdown sampai alarm bunyi banyak kali tak tersedar.
   united airlines  profit doubles despite 737 woes  shutdown.
 zaidzamanhamid are you dumbo             what is the role played by pakistan in shutdown of jet airways      .
lovell  we re in high gain  we re going to have to have you go through the shutdown procedure on fuel cell 1  docki .
 kennykline7  edkrassen  ewarren it s what he and his companion do now since their ponzi scheme was shutdown .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify        .
mrazek is in shutdown mode  good lord.
recap    snhu softball shutdown stonehill 3 0 to earn a doubleheader split on thursday afternoon   story  .
 kirkovitch  markruffalo  aoc so are you saying shutdown current measures and go with nuclear  are you for the redu .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
6  when pelosi initially refused to give trump his state of the union before the house during the shutdown  that wa .
 socaltelevision  traffic  alert  gt     work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  losangeles on     .
   united airlines  profit doubles despite 737 woes  shutdown.
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  losangeles on hwy 27 sb after sherman wy  latraffic .
best of late night  kimmel suggests bernie sanderss cash heavy campaign could spend a bit on personalgrooming .
top ninth saw lockhart s shutdown inning  the cats are down by two in the final half     b9   uk 2  ut 4.
 realjack she should not eat again until ice is shutdown.
power shutdown in reasi  rajouri parts     rknew .
ian kennedy  shutdown reliever    just as the prophecy foretold.
 donaldjtrumpjr a govt clinical test to see how far a lap band can stretch before complete brain shutdown     it s getting close  folks .
taegi   system shutdown     hahahahahahahaha .
 michaeljknowles that s not quite fair the democrats were successful in aiding a government shutdown  they were suc .
 ewstephe  gtconway3d  ericgeller      you know    i asked putin if he interfered in the u s  elections   and he sa .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming   .
save up enough water everyone  there will be a water disruption in 577 areas in klang valley from april 24  this is .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
livestream conclusion      spiritomb isn t an insane god of fate in nightmare cup  but is definitely a for sure pick  .
 mnnaeemi  surferraj the question shouldnt be on  jetairways shutdown was bound to happen but question to be asked .
shutdown and the coolest parts of dollars a political agenda  dont know what i go to me many directions  will all dimensions.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st     gadget  technology.
who doesn t love a good eco extremist shutdown      extinction rebellion threatens to shut down heathrow  one of worl .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson lol   another  35 000 000 00 nothingburger compliments of the dems  all the crying .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 drbarrymarks  ridgewaygirl01  joeydeptofgood  benshapiro none of that is true  investigated thoroughly  no evidenc .
jarang jarang kilang nak shutdown  ni sekali dua hari shutdown ni boleh la kita jenjalan ni .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 sandbar490  jim jordan  repmarkmeadows  teamcavuto 100 full pages of damning facts in report   success  separating .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 xlu7vatiicx  xfatmanforever  thedivisiongame  ubisoftsupport try restarting your ps  either a restart or shutdown .
woman claims geeks are undateable  gets shut down saying shes promoting toxic masculinity  bored panda   smartnews.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
end of an era  bb     blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 bigglack62  barstoolsports  donatos i gotta tag keith he will show us how its done  just like shutdown .
          .
 danrather yes everything the president tweets  says does matter  no joking  as most of americans are suffering mor .
not saying that dem leadership is right to put the brakes on impeachment  but  cmon  the leadership set the stage .
 realsaavedra a most awesome shutdown   well done mr  ag.
karen bradley didnt get green orange politics  amp  hasnt made a noise in months despite brexit changes  amp  the stormon .
 northtorontoguy can we make room for shuttle buses to run up and down yonge in the event of a subway shutdown     an .
disheartened that a indian company with such a good stature had to shutdown their services entirely  i would like t .
fake incorrect windows startup and shutdown sounds  .
 repadamschiff  truefactsstated is it possible that barr shutdown the mueller investigation .
storm over  heathrow  lhr    the extinction rebellion good friday shutdown  tfrs  notams  alerts    cc  london  amp  .
 neurorebel i had meltdowns as a kid  but as i got older i learned to internalize it and now only shutdown .
new post from engadget rss feed   original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 thank a democrat   putting illegals over americans       .
 trendingofertas .
hddssdhddhddcronshutdown.
 medisurgemi please  most companies that used  sterigenics1 as a sterilizer have been watching  amp  were notified that .
                  abp news .
original burnout paradise servers shut down august1st .
 cabbagetownmatt great picture   i feel the same way every time i read news of a ttc shutdown or delay.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   tech.
amanh  19 04  no shutdown dirio entrar no jogo o evento de pscoa  com o evento ser adicionada uma nova ilha co .
 archaeo girl it s always a problem to keep the drives on but it s but its system shutdown.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
blackberry messenger  bbm  to shutdown on may 31  2019     .
all good things must come to an end  and that includes multiplayer support for the original burnout paradise  email .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 neurorebel i shutdown in public and meltdown at home.
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson ah  but there is evidence  evidence that trump attempted to obstruct justice  like .
sygnomi us your children im aggravated they got my remotes and they have too many voodoo dolls i hope nobody blind .
woman  super hero fans are undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men   inerds   smartnews.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via engadget.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  all good things must come to an end  and that includes mu .
 neurorebel addendum  it was like depression mixed with a autistic shutdown  actually  but with some more intense s .
 pftbotmenter  stephenasmith  shutdown.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson crazy  thing is the w h  press along with the mainstream media went along peddling .
engadget  original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via  ric9871ric  retweet .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
end 2   midland 4  frenship 1  effective shutdown inning for randall blanschett as he gets the tigers quietly despit .
whenever theres a mega shutdown its always  fete n fiesta    see you all next time   mun gode  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   engadget  tomgadget.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st all good things must come to an end  and that includes mul .
 news .
 girlbye woman claims geeks are undateable  gets shut down saying shes promoting toxic masculinity   smartnews.
 kalarigamerchic 1  identity politics weaponized by the gop  regan nominated clarence thomas to replace thurgood ma .
kang tetiba shutdown .
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019   shuaib masoodi   farooq shah   nissar .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
.
 neurorebel i still have both  shutdown tends to happen if i can keep masking for long enough  meltdowns are still a thing tho.
 realbusman25  mattembury  dirofnolearning  dland91 furniture row wasn t shutdown because of a charter.
mama k got a whole ass minute speech and cory got shutdown  bbcan7 .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 anonduckndrake  tulsigabbard i p  system on the verge of being shutdown .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
          .
100  on the selke and defenceman award   they should create a top offensive defenceman award and leave the norris f .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
 itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters lazy  who was on vacation during the government shutdown  the dems .
 brooklynyenta  oohlalarouge1  drinkthetea1  nothotsince97  crownofsapphire  lynnebailey  peteyr13  wizkid101uk .
big inning   and big shutdown follows by baron stuart  now a career high 6 ip for the bulls   link to listen .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 burnout  burnoutparadise original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   dangerousdriving  burnoutparadise  burnoutparadise  gaming.
what is meant by raspberry pi  soft shutdown   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 najmie naaaa hahaha woi ni bf sapa mental breakdown ni mohon shutdown segera.
 shutdown 21  illegrl  let s take it slow  don t rush  so  shall we start it ra .
miles 2 0  party  party   party     maddest rave coming like a wind   from   victor clarkson  back with a massive shutdo .
m7   uk 2  ut 1    we re stretching here at kpp after  danielharper09 blew through the top of the 7th with a shutdown .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
harper pitches a shutdown inning in the seventh to begin his night     m7   uk 2  ut 1.
wait it aint been shutdown  lol cut it out .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  via  chancehmiller.
apple  fix all macbook pro 2016 and later with stage light effect or backlight shutdown  flexgate   tandatangani pe .
 giggukaz for me   i was always aware that youtube won t be last long or would do something this  as a live streame .
additionally  due to the complexity of the braddock road station s platform repair project  metro says six more day .
bye bbm  after may 31 bbm will shutdown their s service  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 realdonaldtrump you ruined society what do u want the goverment to shutdown can u give me a good reason im always .
 people of space australia launched its own satellite in 1967  only the third nation to do so  sadly  it s believed .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
 bgot62  washingtonpost  nytimes  cspanwj  msnbc  cnn  whitehouse  presssec  potus  realdonaldtrump .
yankees lineup getting shutdown by homer bailey     .
 cryptobacon governmants just shutdown access to it via the onramp and oframp points    when someone expresses an op .
jet airways shutdown raises doubts on role of sbi  govt .
 bryanhoch nyy played well a couple games  feel like the way they are being completely shutdown tonight that they are playing astros.
come to face reality not only can a guy like homer bailey shutdown the  yankees but im sure a little leaguer can do the same.
 a silent child any issue with me keeping a copy of this on my phone to pull up if i start having issues  i m not u .
 unsuckdcmetro also why wasn t this addressed during safetrack when the station was shutdown for two months         .
the recent government shutdown left people shook  vulnerable and feeling hopeless      create a safe haven and have y .
just had a good old fashioned  the reporting has never left  when i hope everyone  even democrat shutdown  house residence.
 noahpinion  csilverandgold most people dont understand that this is a big effect of the senate  its not an effect .
 cerce32  kronik can you imagine a home affairs ministerial power after the lnp have terminated aunty and shutdown .
 deebadean   alongfatihah ok done bce this thread  now i know why during shutdown need to do 2x.
 neurorebel shutdown  self preservation      while shutdowns are basically the opposite of a meltdown in outward appe .
 casey4x1 no doubt   someday one of these countries are going to shutdown our banking system  an electrical grid    .
 snstats biggest problem for the flames is they aren t defending well which is supposed to be a strength and their .
 bunnyfenton  jonpessah  brycetache  proudresister  speakerpelosi she s done well in some areas e g  w gov shutdown .
 neurorebel if i shutdown  as i did yesterday  it is the pressure cooker of a painfully  barely repressed meltdown  .
what the l   how has the l train shutdown plan and it s sudden reversal affected you  special report on .
what the l   how has the l train shutdown plan and it s sudden reversal affected you  special report on .
umaabot ako sa point na sinusumpong ako ng emotional breakdown ko  i ll definetly shutdown and gonna cry  amp  cry  tha .
  i once try to rp with a starcraft rper on g  before it s shutdown  to costumer and brands   although he she agree .
 seanmack1025  pamwallace it does  first of all we dont know if it was shutdown  but if i am mueller  amp  see this un .
 nekocase i m reminded of how the last shutdown ended  the planes almost got grounded  so the rs gave in  we have t .
or strike out  luv to get shutdown by a guy signed to a minor league contract .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests   uk news   sky news .
 realdonaldtrump he didn t do anything because you would have whined like a        calling into question our very s .
 neurorebel maybe  i shutdown more than meltdown.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown   listen on spotify  .
rip  blackberry messenger is shutting down next month   9to5mac   smartnews.
sign language isn t just for deaf people  it can be great for using with autistic kids and adults too  when i m exp .
 senbooker wow  gosh i am so tired of him and his shenanigans  he cant do right  he screwed up with the shutdown  .
 louisebagshawe i always assumed it was shutdown by barr and mueller wasnt allowed to speak about it   hopefully c .
it looks like the work on queen st is going to require a watermain shutdown at 10pm  queen st properties from graft .
 a silent child   pariah but my god i would be so scared if he had a meltdown and police were called i mean i m in .
man let him be him  i understand basketball is way more than that one game  he wasnt even shutdown he just lo .
 jaredlholt united constitutional patriots needs to be arrested and shutdown .
theyre getting shutdown by homer bailey  he went 1 14 and they cant do anything  being impatient doesnt help.
we need to run the systemctl shutdown command on this entire administration .
 a silent child   pariah this is awful when my fiance goes into a shutdown and full sensory overload the worst thin .
climate  protesters threaten  heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests .
when competition has caught up     it was a great messaging platform  .
 neurorebel just shutdowns  i m usually very talkative and friendly but in  shutdown mode   my eyes bug out in dist .
 jjonaklove is always 5 steps ahead of the enemy  that shutdown on the pharah was nasty  owl2019.
 parscale brad how could the russians hack hillarys email server 5hrs after trump asked them to  her server was sh .
 maydaymindy9 my thoughts exactly  i stayed away once the mueller investigation was shutdown  my head cant take anymore corruption .
 gossithedog unless you have an old lenovo laptop  like t410 or w510    w10 turned them into hot bricks and after a while they shutdown   .
 sullivanradio tom how could the russians try and hack hillarys email server 5hrs after trump asked them to  her s .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
 francisthesailr sadly i dont think dont back down is in their playlists  every time trump puffs out his lying .
hey  nycwater   really appreciate everything you do but it was a major disappointment to have prepared for water sh .
 dexterjmanning can someone finally shutdown this bullshit website .
 dcg1114  kentontilford favorable vs job approval  but yes  aside from roy moore  shutdown  a few other potms  poli .
 nieke aereta semoga semua polisi arogan indonesia lgsg di shutdown oleh allah.
 traffic alert     hwy 34 north is going to be shutdown in between wolfe city  amp  greenville due to a mva blocking the .
 actuallyautistic  askingautistics   do you have meltdowns shutdowns or both  i ve heard that often autistic people .
 tomhfh extinction rebellion  shutdown public transport and disrupt the lives of millions of working people    uk pop .
 christy e doyle  supdogsecu greenville should have shutdown downtown  uptown   and allowed for a halloween weeken .
 brianefallon he pissed me off during the shutdown  .
 zodiacrumor  dmhalix  andrewyang i started reading  nice positivity  no one gets  500 a month in snap  i used to g .
the whole broadway shutdown right now    .
 justins2828  raw1219  nemesiszerk  cptxecution jamal is also very physical  and rushes the pass  and stops the run .
 bookieekilla513 i never knew that  i had an app that showed any event in the world but it shutdown   youtube here i come.
april 5th 2019ad has past gruccio pepper desanto ruth  you botched two of the easiest cases on the planet and i hav .
ramsey gets his first shutdown inning of the night with two strikeouts and a grounding     m4   uk 0  ut 1.
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown  after 500 arrests  .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
lg bantuin dd bikin paper udh mau kelar lptp thrmal shutdown kan fakyu.
thank you chrome for saving my ass  been working on a wiki and then closed all tabs to the right as part of my shut .
 the lopetee  ovuenyenihi to shutdown those clubs we weren t able to go to  back then.
 hedge hopkins  thatsjustrood who is the frog  also  don t like pittard  with luke mcdonald and marley williams out .
 jontelang cydia store was shutdown cant download snapper2 i only buy snapper not snapper2 so if i want download .
 idgomez austin  iboomisoon  kyleumlang  nfldraft hes a 62 202lbs db who can line up anywhere on the field and sh .
the criminals of madhu s rape nd murder case in raichur should be punished badly  no media is supporting madhu s fa .
 overwatchleague  fusion  nyxl the only thing that got shutdown is ur stream.
just fyi      numbness is a feeling    shutdown is a feeling    not wanting to deal with your feelings is a feeling     hat .
dustin has been leaving our house at 5 30 every morning and not getting home until 11 12 at night bc hes on shutdo .
 senatemajldr you call yourself a leader  but what exactly are you a leader of  youve been a spineless person sinc .
love bro  shutdown soon  .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests    police have told climate chan .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
angry woman shutdown linda sarsour during ilhan omar supporters protest  via  youtube.
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped   federal news network  .
great reactions to the london protests from all walks of life  encouraging     .
 sweatnp   alternate815 you were losing to shutdown while me and jumpy were about to fly out for a cage match brawl .
 sighs  i miss my sofia so much since g  shutdown idk if she has any other social media .
 kalil james forget van dijk  he can go fly a kite  when pogba scores he shutdown the city lights.
 speakerpelosi nancy  get over it  your narrative was totally wrong    now  please tell us why you had so many fami .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters ultimately trump wasn t trying to shutdown the investigation because of anything he .
rep t j cox  d ca  campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown .
 teampelosi trump  failed immigration reform   failed wall   longest government shutdown in the history of our country .
 appoo pratt  fivethirtyeight it ll be interesting to watch the polls  up until now  as i like to call the group  t .
 mscrispss listen to shutdown  issa bangerrrrrrrr.
dont shutdown flow on tmx  charge a toll on every barrel  captive market  make the toll at least equal to the  3 b .
 jasminebarmer my friend i met during the govt shutdown while playing pokmon  .
 malaysia four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 .
 chseanheart i think the key is to brush him off as if hes a pesky gnat  as if hes not worth any attention  as if .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters failed immigration reform   failed wall   longest government shutdown in the history .
i love good friday and easter sunday   the blessed peace that descends and tranquility due to less traffic  and sho .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 eintracht eng please patch your openssh version  unless you want me to shutdown your services  you have 90 min .
 rbdublei  parkskmbz     that literally took 10 seconds.
rip bbm .
 juddlegum yep  asking how it will play politically is arranging deck chairs on the titanic  there s not an america .
might take a time out from ukg n that           lets start getting back on drums  amp  jungle  cos ive shutdown many se .
 frankfurtghoul .
 erinmarieeg amen that s happened way too many times this season already it s like we forgot way shutdown  inning is.
failed immigration reform   failed wall   longest government shutdown in the history of our country   failed healthcar .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  via  chancehmiller.
 gop  kellyannepolls failed immigration reform   failed wall   longest government shutdown in the history of our coun .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
  bitcoinsv  jimmywinmedia wakeup jimmy  actions have consequences  cw was threatening  daily  in writing  amp  via int .
voc descobre que seu pai  besta quando ele odeia o trump pq resolveu decretar o shutdown no meio das nossas ferias.
   .
i never wanted a shutdown inning either .
 windows shutdown sound effect plays softly in the background  .
 hoofnagle it sounds like the timing at least was never that clear  .
ugh there goes the shutdown inning.
 rainey571 surprise  we shutdown your system for 4 months because we werent taking care of it  good luck with your core mission    wmata.
updated aws  ecs  taskdefinition    use the dependson property to specify the dependencies defined for container star .
 aylafortrump  tpinsidr that would be a liberal extinction level event  please go ahead strike till we shutdown ice     notgonnahappen.
why shutdown ice  all you do is complain  what positive things have you done   visit the homeless    rashidatlaib .
we have to shutdown all united all over the world .
 shutdown .
when these morons bring the transport system to a halt  how are they going to go on their cheap booze cruises to fr .
 jasonortitay  repturzai  pahousegop an elected official in western pa  you should be concerned about the thousands .
.
as a working class lad whos seen robust police response on picket lines  theres a dark part of my soul that loo .
 lisamarieboothe mueller knew it from the get go  he was in it to make some      had to go long  to justify his bil .
shutdown strike observed in iok against so called indian elections  .
10  downside for dems if constant talk about mueller rpt diverts attention from other policy priorities  this is ba .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
hopefully getting grant money soon that was supposed to come before the government  shutdown      i just want to look .
thinking of ways to shutdown certain peaceful protests and free speech i don t like  any ideas .
a really good summary video here extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
nothing that water cannon  amp  rubber bullets wouldnt sort     climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  .
 live video  former khsu staff discuss station s shutdown with keet .
i gather some of the arrested climate protesters demanded to be released from police custody as they had planes to .
function timetosleep         logoff shutdown      .
 eggtuallyrbx hey after the shutdown i lost my key to the space ship  and i have done every step for the key again .
i spoke about the government shutdown as well as my story on  hawkinsx  realadvice show   my full story can be read .
 scottspetal we dont have ac guess we will just die  last summer the entire country went into shutdown because we .
 gop so we forgot the shutdown already   both sides have done approximately zero for the people to advance freedom  .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 feistywah i bsod  autistic meltdown shutdown  pretty regularly  but not daily     i find myself somewhat fascinated .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
 princess onyx jungle should go wherever is best for them  typically go to other lanes to get ahead  then go to the .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  by .
 besmeam ska vi ba inte ba bli en taz angle vi hade gjort shutdown deras snapstory.
 pomsan13 .
 darhar981  panchimpanzee  dailycaller please do     dont eat till ice is shutdown     problem solved lol.
 saracarterdc wasnt he on the bus for the taxpayers expense vacation passed off as important business trump ended .
 tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle    realdonaldtrump should not rebut the report   and  rudygiuliani shoul .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests .
 totallyjoeking i knew this fat guy once who had retard strength  he was like an ant  could move like 6000 times hi .
 gallerychapel it s any of them   does it with firefox or chrome  reopens to whatever tabs i had open when i shutdo .
 cnn and barr shutdown the mueller investigation.
t town literally going into shutdown but gamestop still trucking smh.
our first warning came  i think  when they gave up their shutdown and effectively abandoned dreamers to the courts .
 sweetiebot3  windows me shutdown noise .
reading  kanesimms  post on the  invocablehq shutdown  amp  his point about  tree based design  got me thinking   with .
 ingrahamangle and if this was report on obama  hypocrites are getting old  we will see where liar in chief lands  .
 shutdown the abc     mark latham      sell off the abc     mark latham       why won t the drum have one nation on  wh .
employees of ava show up for work in tempe to dea raid  amp  now the pain management facility is shutdown for allegedly .
is the recent airport shutdown a black eye for columbia regional airport  some customers say yes  but  flyfromcou a .
 runzwithknives  tamisawyer  breenewsome lets take it to the airports     what stopped the first muslim ban  disrupt .
is the recent airport shutdown a black eye for columbia regional airport  some customers say yes  but  flyfromcou a .
 xbox why is it  250 for being strictly down loadable games also why not include the most recent forza game doesn t .
 priorygroup you should be damn well ashamed the way those teenagers were treated in your establishments  i hope yo .
 cnet the shutdown is said to affect dozens of users .
2010 memories of days bbm  i feel sad if shutdown application      bbm.
 jessemeester as someone from a secular society  you should know theres no god  second  the fat blob you admire ca .
 acosta  alliemalcnn somebody tell  presssec the trump shutdown is over  stop collecting paychecks for doing nothing .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 aoc  peterjhasson  rashidatlaib your job is getting a fy2020 budget authorization out and to the senate for a vote .
shutdown   .
 edentheplanet  strwar  ditatorj  camellia alexan  handsomeconser1  everyrisingsun   mongo3804  immoralmajori t .
 mary60053440 it s shutdown that is why.
the  government  shutdown didn t alter  smb s confidence in  sales prospects  what do you think     smallbusinesses .
shutdown  skepta  bigmood.
 nowplaying osi   shutdown  listen  live at .
hey  eggtuallyrbx  this is the 15th shutdown today  and i was in the middle of a thing     why would you release a br .
 tytlive  tytlive mueller s investigation was shutdown early  you can tell by the report saying he didn t have enou .
 totaltrafficrdu  fd advised that the left 2 lanes are shutdown   imap  on scene  .
every night we are facing extra power shutdown without any reason  although we are facing already 8 hours scheduled .
 egghuntrbx  etherealviper  roblox try it now and tell me what happens  i just shutdown.
i install mageia 7 beta 3 on dell   but a lot of bugs in atom windows tablet   no boot grub2  no wifi  no shutdown  k .
dunno who decided to shutdown exit 289 on 40 for the  nhlcanes game tonight  but it was a horrible idea  backed up worse than monday.
shutdown  s  t 15  c  xau .
 edentheplanet  strwar  ditatorj  camellia alexan  handsomeconser1  everyrisingsun   mongo3804  immoralmajori t .
breaking i 77 sb shutdown near rock hill following vehicle crash  im told it started when cmpd was following this .
 minemenclub them whitelisting the test thingy was like club penguins shutdown   .
coinbase launches crypto to fiat debit card in the uk  filling gap left by shift shutdown   the block .
 berniesanders siemens deserves shutdown   this company have to be in america with a strong headquarter    and transfer  know how     .
aliens ignored on the nyc subway  mta released l train shutdown map  tompkins sq  park renovates small dog run .
 steveiam4msu  speakerpelosi donnie obstructed justice ten times  amp  barr shutdown the investigation early  uh oh donnie is in big trouble  .
today  it was a shutdown  democrats must be having served our last night at the senate for president  run for.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
meet the man behind the  heathrow shutdown attempt  the police need to start getting tough w .
in koble s 2019  smallbiz sales and growth confidence survey  we found that the government shutdown didn t alter .
downgrading back to high sierra tomorrow      mojave is annoying me    1  lag issues  after long periods w o shutdown  .
the day dems won midterms    trumpshutdown wasnt the only shutdown operation shut down mueller went into full sw .
 neodem  dextersservant  sarahkendzior mueller shutdown   that needs investigation .
 girlsreallyrule i read it  i skipped through info already public though  but woah the amount of communication with .
 cnnsitroom  jahimes hey fakenews  cnn  you interviewed a union boss posing as a worker while still collecting unio .
 shutdown .
 brian99oo  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters why are you too lazy to read the report   keep drinking t .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters to have shutdown the treasonous operations in doj and hogtie them  removing them fr .
we have gotten told that  epicgames may shutdown  fortnitegame as to many conflicts with the goverment  we will bri .
breaking i 77 sb shutdown near rock hill following vehicle crash  im told it started when cmpd was following this .
 sportscenter  apooch its almost like he didn t have that triple double and shutdown defense last game   .
14 st  between 6th an 7th aves had metered parking spots changed to no standing in difference to the coming l train .
fyi .
what is the story re rosenstein  first he lets himself be used in the firing of comey  then he acts in a seemingly .
 cursedvideos open run  and type shutdown  a.
 celesteblue123  notzecoxao  starmelter  lapy05575948 btw i need to ask you something  when i transfer huge files v .
4 years flew the fuck by   crazy man    somethingwonderful  thecottonbowl  severeweather  shutdown .
mta maps l train service changes and alternative transit options ahead of partial shutdown   6sqft .
the revised partial shutdown of the l begins  with suspended service weeknights until april 26  free williamsburg .
l train overnight shutdown   am new york .
 realdonaldtrump no    this reveals a traitor willing to use foreign assistance to rise to power  amp  then once there  .
 alamri17 naser  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters straight to jail  he obstructed justice 10 times  amp  barr shutdown th .
 brian99oo  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters read the report lazy  10 times donnie obstructed justice  b .
  administrator    ping   myself    myself  ping  32      myself     lt 1ms      myself  ping   .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us     share information post   .
 realsaavedra well  no  that was not a shut down and i would expect you trumpets to know what a shutdown looks like .
 .
 lemonsalt101  bloxguys  georgethedev nope  blox guys shutdown last year  core wars is dead and gone forever to my knowledge .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests   .
 jmyzt  apotato95869696  discordapp you are only 12 you are not old enough to own a twitter or discord account  tha .
except  a  best coach ever   b  goat   c  shutdown defense that held rams to 3 points in the super bowl   d  offens .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
 flyerspucksauce i like his age  that he is right handed  and that he can shutdown top forwards  im a fan .
 heavenpegasus you should do a viewing where you watch toontown shutdown youtubes .
only a few at the fbi may have actually been actively involved  but the rank and file either went along or stayed s .
 pomsan13 .
the company responsible for a bridge shutdown at the height of thanksgiving travel due to an unexpected chemical re .
 cubs ricky  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters no you re too lazy to read the report  10 times donnie obstructed justi .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite govt shutdown .
 bhindepmo i figured that was coming  but probably backlogged due to the shutdown  etc  .
 beegorbucleor  leecamp  washingtonpost yup     even if you didn t know that  the virtual unanimous media shutdown ov .
 berniesanders i think we need to put all members of congress through the same type of rigorous investigation  it i .
 lesliecrawford0 hi  hope you are enjoying today  i and an army of folks shutdown radio clash today  hope you got some relief   .
 coachella is still on awon temi ni nigeria we are all looking forward in seeing burnaboy  amp   wizkidayoshutd .
tampa bay rays pitching prospect brent honeywell jr  shutdown with forearm      tbrays   .
air traffic controllers  working unpaid  sue u s  over shutdown   wallst.
 natewl  realgstubbs  ncaafnation247 he suffered from tendonitis  which was complications from his acl surgery the .
    forsberg   johansen   arvidsson   1 goal  1 assist combined in the series      mdefranks details how the stars  sh .
 67stiofan  marc ohara mate ma heid hurts reading half your points man  football as a whole would be shutdown if y .
our it support tried to update all our computers from office 16 to office 19  excited to get shiny new screens but .
so wait   was mueller shutdown    obstructionofjustice    impeachtrump .
 crunchyslice my vagina just made the windows shutdown noise.
 darhar981  jamierodr14  dailycaller lmao  let them not eat  ice is still going to be around and not shutdown .
 andreachalupa  speakerpelosi ohh nancy s legacy will include all the vile things done during her time w  the gavel .
i was just saying this earlier  came in from work to the parish being shutdown   .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests     as th .
 financebuzz  trublumarin  realalitweets  duty2warn see youtube of trump saying       total and complete shutdown of .
 nu mindframe for me it s mostly not being familiar of how to act or respond  total shutdown basically  purely unin .
 cnn   hope your collective heads explode  just think  in 2020  they probably will  such an embarrassing day for yo .
 tbtimes rays is that normal its been 11 months i think cobb and moore was shutdown when they were coming back.
thank you  bbm  it has been a great ride with lots of wonderful experience  shutdown in peace  .
 kdotnel  evgenimaikinego the problem is the pens do not have a shutdown defensive pairing  they cannot get that wi .
 tsspdclcorporat please shutdown 1912 line  it s always busy or doesn t connect  not really sure who manages it or .
 broadwayredd  krassenstein dont be stupid and fall for the lies  that s your responsibility   not the partys     or .
  nick alex   halomoma  benshapiro and  again  that s completely irrelevant to trump firing comey to shutdown the r .
 tim reid79  jollybloke  737pilotpaul  johnnicholraf  aoc 1 group whats the difference between a harrier pilot and .
 xn kazuma on the next govt shutdown ill still be getting paid to work tho.
 ggreenwald if oj simpson was the police chief  obstructed  amp  tried to shutdown the investigation into himself  woul .
 cnn cnn needs to just basically shutdown at this point  currently watching your slimeball panelists studder to spi .
 dl eonaleth and of course stream done right before server shutdown xd.
professional performance tonight by the  arsenal  fantastic result  shutdown the doubters  on to the semis against .
however  in order for alberta  amp  sask to cut emissions by 30  they d have to shutdown large parts of their energy se .
it is the shutdown i dont take advantage of doing  big bend region  where we will be having a.
the shutdown hasnt even started yet and its already been extended  chances of this ending on time seem approximat .
here is the windows xp shutdown    remember this .
right    for a long time ive been trying to work out where i recognise the ending of under pressure and ive fin .
 illshootureye landlords are jacking pricesback up now that there isn t a full shutdown .
 benandjerrys ok  you start   shutdown your business that relies on farting cows to make your product .
i need a social media shutdown.
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests   .
 rays pitching prospect brent honeywell jr  shutdown with forearm soreness .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests   uk news   sky news .
 bouncepassos shutdown by jokic  plumlee and millsap  yikes .
 inthelionsden  i am calling for a complete shutdown of leadership twitter handles until we know what the hell is g .
 v eektor  biyitheplug shutdown every club in israel .
 footballscoop really sad when aaf shutdown  thought their concept of being a developmental league was great  any w .
uk to shutdown porn  meanwhile  all the tight asses in charge are clutching their pearls and being sexual deviants .
 owenawhaley he was saying the same thing their last vacation during shutdown .
 sad not sad  tblightning  therealcally24  ryancallahanfdn he did  no way they blow a 3 goal lead with callys shutdown ability in game 1 .
 cinderella1  diamondandsilk  bretbaier  shepnewsteam  chriswallace he could to shutdown this investigation   those .
 cayenneamor my sister was murdered the day i was supposed to see you    i totally shutdown    so idk why you blocked me.
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
how the affordable housing industry managed the government shutdown together    propertymanager  chicago.
 aoc while i agree the cover of the post was over the top  please remember many nyers work there  there have been t .
totally agree here  the old workmans spark that all media outlets are touting is total speculation yet any other .
 wenmama2  thelmab06893137  marilynlavala  sweets10111  wagonknoggin  matron2020  macshivers  amwcb6179  shyanson .
shutdown   staying in the great news .
 julioalexo  shelter fang  andrewyang nope  he s calling for uniform regulation so you don t have conflicting regul .
coh players  even diehard political junkie players  today are like   mueller who      the days ahead are probably goi .
did anyone warn netflix about the l train non shutdown shutdown  .
  nick alex   halomoma  benshapiro trump s personal feelings about the counterintelligence investigation is irrelev .
 coachporterwr  shutdown  technician.
 appellatecorrea  cnn sinclair tv  state run   shutdown fox bullshit .
psa  raising money as debt complicates shutdown a great deal because any forgiven debt is considered income to the .
 manzoor65096707 single buyer upfront tariffs in the power sector have capacity payments all over the world  withou .
trump tried to shutdown the mueller investigation     trump repeatedly abused his powers as president to undermine an .
 ddale8 reminds me of when trump referred to the shutdown as a  strike  .
 schentrupr this is something that can cause a severe panic attack and a complete mental shutdown for a day    for me   yay .
shutdown  18 april 2019  i spotted this ancient colour tv at the tip today  and it reminded me of the rediffusion t .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
last night was fvcking amazing      baddestdjtimmy brought down fire  and  peruzzi vibes shutdown the whole place .
barr must have given him the same stuff  realdonaldtrump gave  vp in that oval office shutdown meeting  the one whe .
stars  shutdown line quieting nashville s top offensive threats   it s not easy keeping those      national hockey .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 offerup why has my account been shutdown again .
l train non shutdown starts 4 26  .
 theamazemanrblx and thats where this comes handy .
 billoreilly ive shutdown all tv coverage   mueller said nothing to see here after almost 2 yrs   im convinced  .
the shutdown and national border.
no shutdown frame  falese with rbi double  moore bangs 2 run triple off fence to deepest part of field  mangione rb .
it services shutdown during the york flood in 2015  this  proca paper looks at the economic impact of the shutdown .
 boldasaur shutdown .
a terrorist promoting another terrorist on  twitter platform     irgcterrorists are the iri s primary means of direct .
the entire city of baton rouge shutdown for a minor thunderstorm and a few hours of mild rain    .
hi everyone   we re looking for material handlers  amp  scaffolders in the quesnel area for a pulp  amp  paper mill shutdown .
we need a total and complete shutdown of philosophers until our philosophers can figure out what s going on  .
np shutdown    phynofino     dreamlounge with  marcswagz  throwbackthursday  thekingisback.
 adamwayne11  ilhanmn he literally called for a total and complete shutdown  of the entry of muslims to the united states .
shutdown causes federal employees mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill .
 lowermybills your company should be shutdown by the justice department for such lies.
 selina3sticks  dunny0 people think there s unlimited assistance but if that was the case then during the shutdown .
 matteodonneo  sweeney aidan  eamonryan odd  there are entire sections of the city where local residents will loose .
 bri963  sethrorabaugh  billmeltzer i forgot that they rebranded him as a shutdown defensive player.
1 in 10 airport screeners are calling in sick  experts are worried  but some have solutions .
the way bbm shut down that is how iphone will shutdown someday so please don t insult abuse people over material th .
it will be a day of victory as debt burden will be offloaded for sim cards with soft loans left right and center i  .
is chelsea playing football   what is the problem with our players in the second half   complete shutdown   nonsense      chesla.
 hangrymale the people laid off were probably problematic employees and companies now had an excuse to get rid of t .
 postsubman  bbm abeg      shutdown dear    una don try.
 authorkimberley that drop was due to the govt shutdown not some buzzfeed article .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify           .
shutdown in poll bound areas  internet suspended  resumed  .
i guess once trump gets rid of all the allies and weakens the country in every way he possibly can and is doing  re .
stars  shutdown line quieting nashville s top offensive threats   it s not easy keeping those three off the scoresh .
 tomswarbrick1  lbc  jcbua  cjudgewhwg  demsabroaduk who else can get away with publicly broadcasting that they int .
 lasvegasgps  sjwebster500gm1  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump andy  a veto would not have mattered for the omnibus bil .
 albanesejoe believe it   albanesejoe  buzzfeed article came out on 1 18 19   the gov shutdown was part of it  .
 shimza01  amstelsa would do literally anything for this jacket shimza .
 get the water cannons ready heathrow  blast the smelly fuckers back into their holes .
uscis needs to keep digital records for the stream of people looking to work in the country    moving e verify to t .
b1   morgan gailor had a nice shutdown inning in the circle for the lady tigers  retiring the order in 12 pitches     cu leads 3 0     wearecu.
pelosi wont move for impeachment but hey  remember when she won a standoff with a petulant child who backed himsel .
 vanilalewd i needed it  my body is about to shutdown.
 fortnitegame please shutdown your game for three hours so i can have a turn on the fucking xbox.
 elienyc he was saving them for last  but got shutdown by barr   in my opinion that is evident now .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped   federal news network  .
how to shutdown a heart and mute a mind .
have the police interviewed them about the gatwick drones    extinctionrebellion   gatwickairport   drones    meet the .
 theblaze that s not much of a shutdown .
we need more building blocks for hardware     google shutdown project ara  module mobile phones     i want a modular ca .
and it couldve been avoided if we had just spent some money in the off season  and dont you dare mention the name .
donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of mexicans entering the united states.
 .
 fogmount  realdonaldtrump wow  you guys are great at reading this  i was following his tweets since 2 weeks before .
crypto a whole diff beast .
 45 schedule why  time to declas to shutdown their games .
 faisalusuf  nubesque  tinkersec i m not talking about spending money  i m talking about refusing to shutdown isola .
 lisa scaccia  origdixon  realjameswoods yes they re still open  my point being is they were planned to be shutdown .
old richmond rd between jacks creek pike and damar dr is being intermittently shutdown due to a fire dept incident .
 .
no one has ever said that to me   shutdown  skrrrrskrrrr.
 realjameswoods another republican failure  but it s been 85 years since they ve had a spine  these kinds of commen .
 dailycaller advocating the shutdown of the us congress because you are not getting your way     wow .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown    leisure breaks   amp  much needed vacation takes cash  is t .
 scasey09  spcombustion  pbump no investigation was shutdown  nothing was obstructed  can t wait to see why and by .
n j  approves  300 million annual subsidy for nuclear industry that threatened shutdown  .
a very good read .
 salzburg is a great place  but the city sleeps pretty early  supermarkets also shuts down around 7pm  buy your booze before they shutdown .
don t be afraid of another government shutdown  liquor stores are run by the states .
 raymond hatt they should not draft soderstrom at 10  bpa will be a forward  also  i highly doubt juolevi will be a .
 theteamibrahim  peterdaou what an ignorant thing to say   shutdown   she didnt blink   trump caved .
 thehill  kellyannepolls democrats have been successful at diminishing the crisis at the border   refusing to negot .
srinagar  apr 18  cns kashmir observed a complete shutdown on thursday  even as several protesters and forces perso .
shutdown  clashes on polling day inkashmir .
in spite of that being a nasty career experience  i learned some valuable lessons about what not to do in managemen .
ima need lou will shutdown tonight chief  klaythompson.
meet the man behind the  heathrow shutdown attempt  the police need to start getting tough w .
 6point626  cflav  jeremy cf lin nuclear plants are built for extreme weather events with 1000 and 10000 years retu .
last weeks shutdown by truck drivers is history  looking back  it appears to not have produced the results organiz .
 cir palestine  basemn63  omarsshakir the palestinian struggle and narrative is being shutdown deliberately    justiceforpalestine.
notification  the power will be shutdown in reese tomorrow  4 19  from 7 8 a m  there will be no electrical power t .
for the morons who actually think our defense was completely awful  look at the stats of letang  schultz  pettersso .
 dailycaller common guys  shutdown ice  they keep nabbing my terrorist friends at the southern border .
drivers stuck in traffic jam sympathize with  extinctionr activists  people need to understand the effects of clim .
and its shutdown      louistheroux  louistheroux .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors .
price of preserving a massive supply   gt 50   of a states carbon free energy   4 month to avoid co2 from new natural .
 elienyc  realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr maybe he would have  if not being shutdown before he was done .
 nycsouthpaw from various twitter entries  barr might have forced the shutdown  did you see rosenstein s face at ba .
the  shine pix secret cinema club is in full swing  started with a g amp t and a bit of freddie now its bbq pringles a .
literal mental shutdown  shaky hands  mood swing     it can only be one thing  severe hunger .
yeah and i shutdown and stop listening to them .
 cryptobacon  edpownall  whiterabbitbtc  calvinayre untouchable          trust me i been in the .
makes me wonder how many of them fly off on holiday   and the students amongst them whomtravel via plane on their .
 grantcohn you forgot greg roman is the ravens oc  you and i alone could shutdown his offense.
 fox4 good lets get them shutdown.
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
 1mikemorris  kevinashe1  mikeggibbs i agree the policies of the left have always been way more progressive  and in .
belediyeler shutdown.
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
msg operation   message  shutdown .
dirty shut down in hybrid deployment  .
 tafkam08 people forget too soon  trump made america look like soviet russia with that shutdown stunt  .
 rbdublei  parkskmbz donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united s .
 mrkmrte  trucollector74  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump oh so you think there was no reason to shutdown trumps c .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests   get some warm wat .
there so shutdown of that hu which.
shutdown in city  no internet on electionday  .
 gt fatal error   gt shutdown program .
 fatcatwitch moi l on m avait reproch mon  insubordination   parce que lors d un jour de cong ou en fait j avais .
kalian terlalu sibuk dengan quick count  bahwa bbm messanger sudah di shutdown     thanks for being my memories  many .
shutdown pc ku   kasian  udah berminggu2 ga mati  cuma sleep aja    istirahat dulu ya nak      besok kita mbutgawe lagi.
the team that passes on haskins in favor of jones    the team that thinks jonah williams cant play tackle    the team .
 wendys nah  how about ya shutdown all wendys locations nationwide .
in other news  natl finance center just ruined easter weekend for hardworking families  not getting paid til monday .
the company shutdown their official reddit page because it was getting too many complaints  on facebook  it appears .
yes  their last broadcast when they sign off for the last time saying   we tried but we couldn t fool those that refu .
 zomatoin  zomato  zomatocare wah   what bullshit service  waiting hungry by believing you guys  you people will ki .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
you couldnt back him into a corner no matter how hard you try  these stupid media clowns arent used to being shut .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
 nicolledwallace you are a loser  amp  a moron   you should be fired  amp  sued for spreading fake news   suggest you go on .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped .
so far  the police in london have been pathetic at allowing this climate mob to feel empowered  so the police comma .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
 makemytripcare  makemytrip your are working on this from 14april before this shutdown announced you are just fooli .
de blasio wont speak to the fate of a 14th street busway until an announcement hes planning next week  next week .
 lockitup  jags  shutdown 2 0 .
service outage  steam shutdown at teachers  education bldg  planned  more info at .
 lsarsour  yamamerchants so it s ok for you to talk hatred but when the media reports fact  you want it shutdown    .
was it your karma that led to the shutdown of your career  may be no  because it never started   .
 makemytripcare  shutdown  makemytripcare  makemytrip  worst.
reading the mueller report has really got me thinking       we should have a total and complete shutdown of old white .
 iacroixcan  obiwontons freeze dried mangoes from trader joe s are s tier snacks  even tho i had an allergic reacti .
                        .
 come on ground  prisonreformmvt  mimsyyamaguchi  rolandsmartin again   you cant prove anything you are saying  jus .
21 horas e j estou com as baterias super fracas  tipo meu crebro est a fazer shutdown.
this vile  racist   homophobic behaviour needs to be shutdown immediately   mjstans  leavingneverland  mjguilty .
.
 kyleorl  rockabettyyogi  page88  espiers well  the shutdown did seem to happen mid investigation   .
 945thebuzz not a knock against chester  but he was part of a group  it s as much about the rap and instruments as .
uk news  police have told climate change protesters who plan to shut down heathrow airport tomorrow will face a  .
 anjalivbhatt it was delayed by exactly 35 days of the shutdown  so i guess tomorrow is the official deadline .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite govtshutdown  .
 soniandtv while  sadhvipragya is being fabricated by congress to malign  hindus  she can contest elections as per .
 realdonaldtrump   819contd   countdown565     shutdown   good    lessgovernment    big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests      ephgraves comme .
new on measles outbreak in nyc    3 parents issued summonses  face 1 000 fines for not getting their exposed kids va .
republicans are in lock step with trump on shutdown  but for how long  .
 oneminutebriefs  lynne mount  mypaintbrushuk  iam jlc  realbobmortimer  visitrudyard  fortnums  norton ceo .
 johngrahamdick1  sebgorka gitmo is a military law   everything is being handled by the american legal system   today .
because  electricity too cheap to meter   .
sabse zyada frustrating internet shutdown nai hota hai  2g speed hoti hai  ugh .
this google service will shut down on april 2  heres everything you need to know   yourstory .
no one                                                                skyward  lemme just shutdown .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt      watch him confronted with facts about what the uk is actually .
 euphorialdn sunday shutdown  euphorialdn.
 powerfailure  powercut for third time from 12 20am in beml layout 6th stg  thubarahalli  2hr shutdown already done .
 kj1958  1romans58 more than likely  after the cia was stopped when haspell was appointed and was directed to shutd .
windows 10 online course from go groopie        get yourself equipped for the latest office t .
 rockthecasbah88 sick of wee daft trolls getting peoples accounts banned  amp  shutdown .
power shutdown .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc             shutdown   listen on spotify   .
 betrayal mix  amy siskind we didnt win the house without 35 40 moderate candidates     certain parts of the country .
too many snakes on here sometimes making people lock their accounts  if you dont like them then dont follow o .
 jarzt  vinbarone  transalt  pedestriantom the planned 14th street busway for the l train shutdown was bus only  wh .
  shutdown  option          option    h       r             sudo shutdown  h now        shutdown  r  t 20   20 .
wishing everyone an amazing easter weekend  but for those travelling and going away via heathrow airport   check b .
feels like were on a tipping point somehow    the crazies are finally convincing the regular guys .
my body    going into shutdown mode   it started as a headache it s getting worse .
shutdown      catch y all .
.
 shutdown 21 hiya.
tomorrow night will be a shutdown my bro bro dem  grizzli b and  dj skanks celebrating their birthday  .
 sidhwanisunny  ptshrikant  myogiadityanath  emofficeup  sdpachauri1  satishmahanaup  minofpower  pfclindia .
the shutdown continues to impact government services  and it will for a while  here s a snapshot of how  irsnews wa .
one of the only areas to have seen rents decline was northern brooklyn  where an oversupply of inventory has remain .
 im a bumbler  amadeusivan  imrockytwo  sammytheboxer  greyhoundmickey .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in cybersecurity   fedtech magazine   .
hdhejejjsjsjs omg im ont the floor laughing the windows shutdown jsjndnndnd .
 fortgifts he s a scammer everyone  he blocked my account cause i was exposing him for being a scammer  everyone re .
michael badnarik  constitutional preservation  cnn vaccine denialism  nyc preschool shutdown  infant medical extrem .
during shutdown  make sure display switch is set to phenomenal.
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests .
 alexiaajordan24 you said monahan has produced in previous leagues but so has lazar thats my point  monahan has be .
 cursedvideos  or  shutdown  a  .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead .
 cursedvideos  gt he doesn t know about  shutdown  a .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown   jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
480 arrests  it s odd but you don t get that level of arrests at a so called  far right  protest     the left are hyp .
shutdown against indian elections being observed in occupied kashmir   ozerkha  .
un shutdown mental me vendra .
 sammy5586  d2derrick  morpheusdezion  sportsdean  rocktredblood  wash10181  ricknsugarland  cj4011  iamwendums .
as the government shutdown over trump s border wall rages  a journey along the entire 1 933 mile us mexico border s .
the government shutdown will cost more than trump s  5 billion border wall funding  according to experts .
shutdown sa ko.
sarcasm by a lying lawyer is hardly viewed as a shutdown   better description    an ethical showdown  .
 tweetle49081143  michellesplant  tedlieu  realdonaldtrump  aoc and some freshman reps can definitely add some clas .
so this is what it was about  congress  couldve  caused a shutdown when it was under gop control  if they cared en .
oh yeah back to me not being okay user vhopegay has shutdown.
  ajengwulan kepalanya di shutdown dulu biar relax.
 alexiaajordan24 when johnny is shutdown we see the real monahan  all his goals are because of johnny .
podcast  sasol lowers production expectations due to extended secunda shutdown .
bbm officially shutdown 31st of may  2019  the good old days of bbm pins  time to say good bye .
the bpu sold out the ratepayers and renewable energy today by going along with this unnecessary nuclear subsidy   .
podcast  sasol lowers production expectations due to extended secunda shutdown .
jet airways did a wow   jetairwayscrisis  wowairlines  shutdown.
 kylegriffin1 it says somewhere that they determined not to subpoena the potus because it would have significantly .
 speakerpelosi the public trust wants to know why you had so many family members scheduled to fly on the congressio .
update on bbm shutdown    blackberry had sold bbm consumer to emtek   emtek is the one shutting down bbm messenger   i .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   do you know him           .
 kelectricpk facing power shutdown once again  this time without any informed schedule  kindly get it resolved asap.
 trustbustinboi  jurisdudence  50megatonfbomb also  refuse to follow their instructions  like what the flight contr .
 if the liberal dancing plod cant be arsed to move these people  has the gov thought about e .
 sajidjavid ahem   to me it seems the climate protestors present no violence apart from to jeremy corbyns fence  .
 vickihls i called all this  what about nunes  the entire gop needs to be thrown away  just resign en masse and mig .
 goodnight                      shutdown    byebye    stayblessed    takecare       .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests .
first lets talk about your avi that you just casually changed   then this picture  waow so you just want to casuall .
easter comedy  nigeria comedian senator arrives forshutdown .
 julieslalonde should we all just get off twitter  i know that sounds extreme but if we shutdown the vehicle for ha .
        20            .
 dogman1013 if he obstructed justice there would be no mueller report or investigation because it would have been s .
i wouldnt mind so much if the protesters actually had a clue about climate change   extinctionrebellion  .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
we need a complete shutdown on philosophy majors doing anything until we can figure what the hell is going on .
 colrichardkemp it s the kmer rouge all over again     .
 mark a longoria  michiokaku yeap  i remember the failed  literally  emergency shutdown test .
 repdancrenshaw did you explain to them why your party chose to not pay them during the shutdown .
time to shutdown naples .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   .
tomorrow is the day if you havent gotten your tickets get them now  endlessentmedia  endlessent llc  you dont wan .
shutdown  r now  daily.
it is simple to deal with   meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
despite swamp thing shutdown  dc universe isn t in any trouble  .
it underscores to all of the american public the need to try to focus on emergency savings   sarahffoster via .
body system shutdown  huy self.
 bastisitolp  michiokaku chernobyl was caused by a power surge during an emergency shutdown test     the stuck valve was tmi .
 patriqt 1776  boneyarddem  majoad5  jdd2169  l ei8ht  paulcolby2  mick719  carlvegaaa  ryansmi31818444  bustthegop .
eco warrior behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holidays   the sun .
posh extinction rebellion protester behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for thousands .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 malaysiacapture .
 kellyannepolls they ended the trump shutdown    for starters .
udah dapet maniac tapi kemudian terdengar shutdown .
             .
this reminder  23 weeks until the next government shutdown.
more device shortages pegged to  sterilization plant shutdown        we can help  contact us a .
the bureau of economic analysis posted its first estimate of us economic growth in february following a one month d .
 glubtier we stop working  like  collectively  we stop making them money  when the air traffic controllers threaten .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite govt shutdown  .
  anyone who texts me  if i suddenly stop responding  im having a shutdown moment so bare with me .
end of an era  blackberry messenger will shutdown on may 31st  .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite government shutdown  .
 heybangor bangor water district is dealing with a leak in the 14th  15th  ralph  and brookline street area  and ma .
 bighitent  windows shutdown sound   help .
 dobrienatl braves getting shutdown by cy young weaver   oh wiat  he s not a cy young pitcher  you mean to tell me .
effect of  jetairways temp shutdown more visible at mumbai airport than delhi  hope bidders conclude the process soon .
 askbarclaysus still havent gotten a resolution to my problem  no help for federal workers during shutdown   washingtonpost  wbjonline.
clubbed up for a drone have they   climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests   .
posh extinction rebellion protester behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans forthousand .
 mustardelsmedia a total shutdown of the criminal network within the police structure  amp  a general reform in the pol .
 gma  kellyannepolls they broke the trump shutdown .
 thyercox  bybpod .
 asperrevolution  autimame  asperchica  falcon de godos desconozco si existen  pero quiz ayudara difundir por red .
 hockeycontext the real secret to shutdown mackinnon.
if you havent got your tickets yet for  issa39 make sure you do   its due to be a shutdown  .
reading about jet airways  shutdown repercussions on employees and their families is heart wrenching  .
 we r excited to wlcm the  highly team to  twitter  thr expertise will accelerate our product  amp  design thinking aro .
 nationalpost notley colluded with and hired foreign funded eco extremists to completely shutdown the industry that .
our view  more needs to happen to help the businesses in the guadalupe street district thrive as construction  stre .
even when i try to initiate a conversation  i instantly get shutdown  depression .
whole interstate is shutdown  i wish bruno mars was my kid .
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown  after 480 arrests   fiweh life    .
trump shutdown wall mueller epa   newsday .
abuja are you ready for easter sunday      buchi live is gonna shutdown this city   basketmouth is gonna be there o .
at last i ve gotten a reason to abscond the huduma namba registration   my tala  branch timiza and mshwari loans won .
 d behrman they forgot to shutdown the simulation last night.
security tries to shutdown chief keef concert   ill roots show  colourfu     via  youtube    .
london  climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
 ken  cee yea it shutdown yesterday.
love this shutdown  hacks  .
if i d saved up for years for a holiday  working hard  just for some private snotty school kid  who skis abroad for .
photos operation shutdown  stop the violence  end knife crime protest london  jess hurd reportdigital co uk .
 eric ejnorr  uruy the quarter with the alleged bad weather  residual seasonality  government shutdown and trade w .
 mikeasare first of all  that statement was before the playoffs  2ndly    there hasn t been a single second in this .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla       zihnefend .
comeback special  yeni izleyebilmek zd ama ldm sanrm ah mkemmeldi  dionysus u izlerken kendimden geip make .
digital marketing news  facebook s sponsored results  google  shutdown  consumer brand trust  instagram s ad spend .
sunday april 21 2019    happy easter      shutdown kingz presents     game day sundays      brunch .
 01beelee  kimhakiiim2507 tekan shutdown aja.
 iam davido  dremodrizzy my boss for life  0b0 my best rapper  dremodrizzy it will be a shutdown in atl am waiting .
 slymelo well that statement came fter he was shutdown by beverly and had like 4straight turnovers   it s the normal gsw rush.
 wakeupfda  us fda  realdonaldtrump then there would be no work for them they have to approve drugs for big pharma .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in  cybersecurity .
as someone who s worked at  oxfordcircus for 6 years  the  extinctionr shutdown has proved how much more civil oxfo .
don t think much  it s long weekend  shutdown all systems  laptops  analysis  back testing  research etc  what is e .
proof of my arrival in thurso  i may try for a video tomorrow   i did make a videa but it was lost in the great qik .
well   if we re being honest  they do and the defense sucks too    they made it to the playoffs because crosby did s .
 msnbc live my thought s  who said  corrupttraitortrump didn t  conspire to  defraud america  then finally suceed a .
butler is one plant shutdown away from being the next new castle.
what s the solution for a mind that runs overtime    shutdown.
4 days to go x    the easter monday shutdown  mckennas belfast                                             portuguese  afro  yes .
cop gets shutdown    whos the idiot now    first amendment audit 36  via  youtube so .
 bennyjohnson  loponstorm shutdown defense  nice work  mr  barr .
nobody representing  wmata was at the last nvtc meeting  budget hearing in arlington meant dorsey unavailable too   .
 grandcanyonnps  natlparkservice hello back at you  loved our short visit there in january during the shutdown  amp  wa .
 kaspermjohansen  james kindon for me it is removed  but you are right in the right click context menu  i only have .
gigil ako ng ml   kasalanan niyo kaya kung bat ako na aafk   ayos ayos ng laro ko bigla mag sha shutdown laro walan .
 seserunjogi  mjjlegion i think invincible is the most underrated album.
 eton5s  holbornlolz their threatening to shutdown heathrow 2moro    send in the riot police tear gas  amp  batons  wil .
this week i sent a letter to  sencapito along with my senate colleagues urging congress to safeguard pay for u s  c .
 gossipoftheciti that shutdown shit like the government nope its not happening again     oh well to the haters    .
i find my default state at work is  humanoid robot that s just been shutdown .
 mjjlegion .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors  reports  maykuth .
 metatone2  jonporty it is ludicrous though  i suggest instant shutdown of facebook and jail for zuck.
                                            shutdown   s  t  3  3   2   1           .
 tomhfh won t be hard think i so a drone total shutdown for a month  .
my dms are open and i ll still check in periodically  but my filters mutes etc are in full avengers shutdown mode s .
psa  re  spoilers    if you don t see me online as much for the next week and a half  it s because i m essentially .
 jetairways heartly salute to you  even after your operation temporary shutdown you guys responding and still helpi .
i m afraid of looking dumb  the question for me relating to previous shutdown cause .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 assylaasis shutdown kaya kita diyan  .
shutdown  clashes on polling day in central kashmir  .
 repenta46340424  thatmancam shutdown  he averaged 28 on 57  shooting.
by  countless  fbi agents  i really meant none   but   countless  citizens really did call the white house in suppor .
indian authorities blocked internet in  kashmir valley on april17 at 8 30 pm  it has been more than 26 hours  the i .
 awood732  repdancrenshaw .
 joycewhitevance seems to say that barr shutdown the investigation as soon as he was confirmed  amp  told mueller to do .
i am calling for a complete and total shutdown of germans entering the episcopacy until we can figure out what the heck is going on .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
lots of happening on the political front and we are in asad umar s constituency facing complete cable shutdown toda .
this is awesome   shutdown  florida   .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors   inquirer .
we are at war     the  msm  is an enemy of the people   it always has been     we are now the news   we are now the voice .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in cybersecurity  .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
maykuth  nj oks  300 million in nuclear power plant subsidies  days after pseg threat to close reactors  .
 jentaub you think rosenstein and assistant ag prior barr who said  choke off the       then the barr shutdown    r .
now playing   skepta   shutdown on  severnfm   playingnow  nowplaying listen at .
lawmakers continue to introduce legislation to decrease the effects on federal employees during future shutdowns    .
 jingoisticpulse  nevertooslow  thedaemonspawn  scottpresler im not a democrat  i just dont like trump  i dont u .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown .
the center is shut down thursday and friday  .
 seanhannity   rushlimbaugheib  realdonaldtrump tried very hard to shutdown what he considers illegal  can either o .
heavy rainfall has caused flash flooding that s prompted the shutdown of a major interstate in central arkansas and .
 break   metro is now saying the summer yellow blue shutdown will extend to september 8th  rather than the earlier  .
 british airways any advice for people travelling tomorrow in light of this lhr climate change shutdown  heathrow s .
 googlenexus how do i get my support calls on both my nexus 6ps   one is boot looped and one has early shutdown .
 extinctionrebellion protesters plan to  shutdown  heathrow airport .
 naledipandor  julius s malema  leighmathys  nene thalente when the effsc led src at ukzn westville campus instruct .
daily news    new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors .
in the news  matthew fienup  executive director  center for economic research and forecasting  was featured in an a .
shatta wale set record by single handedly selling out his europe tour   total shutdown  when efo heard about it he .
my body is trying to shutdown but my mind is wide awake.
blackberry messenger saksi bisu ku dulu ketika mendekatimu  heheheeh sekarang resmi di shutdown  terimakasi kenangannya heheheehehe.
 sfchronicle  erinallday vaccines don t cause autism  get your kid vaccinated     there s much better evidence that p .
 swmckewonowh beating a dead horse are we  you mean a hoax  the biggest con job in american history  networks might .
 usroute41  mistercommodity  ten gop the shitty part is we cant see the actual propaganda they posted because the r .
appealing to all those  extinctionrebelion protesters regarding heathrow airport shutdown  please dont do this  i .
sana kahit tao pwedeng mag shutdown .
 shefvaidya  twitter  twitterindia  jack voices like yours cannot be stopped  pls create a shadow account  amp  twt the .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  with jet airways grounded  if there ar .
opened detour inquiry request via iphone at 10299 14 st sw  i just wanted to congratulate t .
 iam davido  dremodrizzy who say he no go shutdown the place  who .
i m not a lawyer and i do not understand the  muellerreport in that context  so telling someone to undermine the sp .
    we request a full  shutdown of the  fcc until they comply and give all licenses back to sk .
.
also heathrow shutdown is .
 ritchiejacob625  cottonomics  brlive guys what do you use on reddit   lately i havent found anything for soccer  .
 fjwagner713  repdancrenshaw well they eventually did get paid  after going without for over a month  he was a key .
 extinctionrebellion protesters plan to  shutdown  heathrow airport .
 davidgraeber heads up in case ur flying outta heathrow  xr shutdown tmrw .
 txjanellybean love field airport shutdown  yesterday     weathermen made it sound so apocalyptic that even an airpor .
water shutdown likely in downtown charlottetown   the guardian .
 windows shutdown sound effect .
 lbc  lbc  talkradio  talkradio   .
but for the unfortunate internet shutdown for the last 48 hours here  i would have  mailed a column on netanyahu s .
i need internet data bundle  tons of it to keep my message going   shutdown.
hahahaha qiqil siya e hahah shutdown kasi ako  .
 cahnemily might this  thorough fbi investigation  have been undertaken under mueller s watch if  perhaps  he wasn  .
also remember that trump shutdown the election fraud commission    isn t that part of obstruction of justice as well     .
hey   mr  president   someone in the  left wing  tried to hack into my computer just now   no   no   i mean it   so .
 ag3ns  don t worry   lionheart said     she walked to the desk and moved over the dinergate parts      it s not a c .
 cycling1339  shaunehorton  apoczslayer  tiffanybond  devincow was the economy crushed in january with a federal sh .
the sony playstation mvp program was  shutdown 3 years ago today  i took part in a few projects and met some great .
 marvin6977  eagen i  ericswalwell  unlvyoungdems  dnc yes the media likes to stoke fires with made up names  the m .
such a sorry state of innocent employees  of all the issues of jet airways  the employees suffering is the worst  .
a big cutter of the radical left behind  there is made his orders form of the shutdown .
 genxgina  worm2126  bootysmom23  andrewpollackfl  ryanafournier step one in the socialist manifesto   label speech .
 uscensusbureau  hudmidatlantic  natlparkservice  eparegion3  tsa  3afge  nffe union we still have funds available .
website will be shutdown for 2 weeks starting sunday 4 21   5pm in preparation for our new website  we will be sele .
because of the shutdown  the last day of school for portland will now be june 12  the district noted  .
 speakerpelosi  housedemocrats the honorable robert mueller is pleading with you to impeach donald trump  there is .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
        20          jetairways  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
congress blows by another budget deadline  not surprising  but still irresponsible  .
pre easter alert is the clutches of all cluth  time to shutdown my mama kitchen.
hmmmm     realdonaldtrump  potus good job keeping drugs from coming in through the us mexican border   oops  wait  .
windows  .
 stop trump20 the sdny are working on a lot of trump dealings in ny  i believe they made trump shutdown his foundation .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in cybersecurity   fedtech magazine  .
austria   this summer i will make make my debut at shutdownfestivalaut ready to move some moutains      shutdown .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   the common sense show .
i made my mind up i can t go back broke they sayin  that my time up my back against the ropes .
 begairtonkabegairat  fawadchaudhry  fawadchaudhry  mouthpiece is now shutdown   begairatimrankhan.
 extinctionrebellion uk is showing its possible to do widespread disruption of key infrastructure  amp  then return af .
 nkrao1943 but jet airways is not a govt owned entity it is a private airlines run by mr  naresh goyal  who was the .
if pat bev was a rapper hed be    freddiegibbs   can shutdown anybody  doesnt get the recognition he deserves  and .
i applied for a job at the hotel the city is trying to shutdown for being a nuisance property.
were strong enough now drop jacks to the floor error shutdown .
as the unemployment is increasing in india     now   16000 plus jet airways employees lost their jobs   check out thi .
 swiggy in u bloody shit  order not received and yet application is saying that my order is delivered  crappy servi .
the mueller report is not going to change trump s approval ratings  they re stable in the low 40s and will stay the .
i panicked and clicked shutdown right away because i couldn t find the cancel button  i m pretty sure there wasn t one .
police shutdown  birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead  via  mailonline.
 jacob rees mogg we live in a democracy  free speech is the corner stone   once you shutdown criticism of any relig .
 julianvalentin guilty  especially 2   i will say   piggybacking  is something women are taught to help amplify othe .
member of the  alexandra shutdown committee  patrick baloyi   reflects on last night s  meeting  another committee .
members of the alexandra shutdown committee say while they re happy  with  the inter ministerial task team giving t .
the task team met with members of the alexandra shutdown committee  in the township last night  wednesday 17 april  .
homebuyers aren t as confident  a jump in mortgage interest rates and the government shutdown all play a part in de .
if one of these dancing  spotty faced morons knocked your door and said  i am going to wreck your family holiday so .
hard to overstate how much worse this is than starr report      imagine if starr had multiple examples of clinton try .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
 read  the  alexandra total shutdown committee has undertaken to temporarily suspend service delivery protests in t .
interested to see if extinction rebellion manage to shutdown heathrow tomorrow .
 drewd977espn how come shutdown man has blocked me and not you   i told you  people always over react to the pract .
 shelbykstewart agree    our vets should mobilize a bivouac to blockade the lie house and capitol    provide a comple .
 thekodymartin  grimrutherford  jmackeypg nhl teammates like arguably the nhls best shutdown defenseman in his lin .
 charperlynne dec 7  2015  i  donald j  trump  call for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the uni .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump wrong again nancy   btw  we are still waiting for your explanation of the over 80 f .
it s time to say goodbye   bbm to shutdown may 31st 2019   it was really fun .
   trionworlds announces shutdown of  atlasreactor   .
meet the man behind the  heathrow shutdown attempt  the police need to start getting tough w .
hope the airports dont let anyone involved in the heathrow shutdown ever fly again .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
 usroute41  ten gop  dividendmaster we cant tell because that russian propganda account is shutdown    i m just sayin .
it s time to say goodbye   bbm to shutdown may 31st 2019   it was really fun        dm for paid ads .
 geulijc klo aku langsung di shutdown.
government shutdown is affecting how people are taking care of their physics examinations at ucla and everybody wan .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
kebiasaan burukku yang tak kunjung hilang   jam pulang kerja nyolok flashdisk copy data yang mau dikerjain di rumah .
 sfinnerty4  realdonaldtrump its our easter holiday that hes at mar a largo not during the weeks congress is off  .
i found that robin  who stormed out of the sky interview drafted the message calling for heathrow shutdown .
 myzroadtoeden hello  when will the xbox one x shutdown bug when opening a chest will be solved .
.
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown .
jet airways shutdown raises doubts on role of sbi  govt .
central kashmir observe shutdown on jrl call against polls  reports of clashes were reported from machowa  kralpora .
 ani due to the corrupt policy of the modi  big losses to the economy of the country many core of bhrastachar and .
shutdown   .
 shorteeblitz  kissfmuk  eelectrics  majesticonline  thewideboys  djpioneer  djmatchstick  mcsharky p  1mc kie shutdown .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump fake news getting shutdown   the fake house has shut up   lol.
shutdown the party ft lv skinny by ltb     ouuuuu  .
i wonder how many times we will face the internet shutdown    onlystatewhereinternetgetssnapped   kashmir.
 chuckcallesto beto in bad shape  he s being shutdown by gay white guy  who thinks his deviant sexual habits aren t .
one of the agencies affected by the  governmentshutdown  the brand new  cisagov managed to keep  cybersecurity upda .
 extinctionr will fail to get public support if they choose to shutdown  heathrowairport on one the busiest days fo .
american    after the report release  cnn wouldn t accept the truth  they still keep lying lying lying they rather s .
going abroad on holiday this year  tut tut   extinctionr are angry that you havent voted to ban flights  so theyr .
 on cogliano s goal  amp  how important it is for that line to not just be a shutdown line  monty said it pushed the g .
 washingtonpost im begining to wonder if barr shutdown the investigation and told mueller to write the report as is .
    bearing in mind the violence which broke out in the aftermath of the  shutdown protests which left 17 people de .
just blocked twitter assoc who just popped up so don t be surprised if get shutdown soon  they don t want me to spr .
 lil sis clover im sorry i  they sa  my  i shutdown  my body forced into stasis because the  i was low on thirium .
12 30 pm pero may naririnig ka pa ring  you have slain an enemy   shutdown   killing spree .
 dobrienatl lol weaver is going to shutdown the braves .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
anticipate    my next song shutdown is dropping soon  .
  ninaguwop in this doc  it seems like she was on shutdown for a whole year in increments to build the coachella pe .
belediyeler  shutdown.
biglang hindi ko nalang alam gagawin ko  shutdown nalang  .
god must of hear me when i said i was ready  line shutdown  .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  .
 akmallanz tula  silap cara takut dia turn off shutdown reset reboot ja  peluang tak banyak nak masuk lane pun huhu .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  democrat of course via  freebeacon .
 pennyddreadful im also really enjoying it  i signed up for filmstruck and it shutdown the same month i signed up .
a national shutdown protest will get attention .
 jccpalmer blackberry is opening bbm enterprise to cover the shutdown   .
watch  meet the environmentalist behind the heathrow shutdown  .
jaguar land rover starts brexit shutdown  .
 falconskingdom  rambonthabottom i like you   you have everything and will shutdown anyone coming at you.
1  trump runs for officenazi  2  he  wins   3  the wall  4  muslim  ban   5  anti lgbtq  6  mueller   7  wall  8  s .
 evanrobertswfan its a no brainer  would you rather have a aging lefty that had one good season 4 years ago  that .
extinction rebellion about to shutdown heathrom extinctionrebellion    some say mother nature is on her own clock and .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
 vhearr evnglst then shutdown .
i think it s abundantly clear that there was a lot going on here   i would like to hear from mueller about the cond .
climate protesters threaten heathrow shutdown after 460arrests  .
 raphaeldili why would i shut up if i can shutdown.
central kashmir observe shutdown on jrl call against polls    more than 20 injured in clashes in several parts  internet snapped.
legislation signed by our president is faulty    childtrafficking legislation signed   scandal in senate and in the h .
how an essex mum is using son s death in fatal stabbing to make a change .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
the shutdown is over but the zombie flick continues       if we don t act  it ll be  280 days later      pressure your .
 shutdown kj you feel me .
 usminority hopefully you will be allowed to speak  recent behavior by liberal students is to shutdown conservative .
 geekaysa  our da  bertrankalume  mmusimaimane the issues here is the part were da is saying we will put the people .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
out of office on  temporary voicemail greeting recorded and about to shutdown work laptop for a week   time to rech .
not thermal shutdown.
hell yeah  i am really proud to anncounce  that i will perform shutdown festival this year    shutdownfestivalaut .
 jysexton my sentiments exactly  as an average citizen  its genuinely distressing   worthy of a general strike or major shutdown .
now would be a good time for tulsi gabbard to quietly shutdown her presidential campaign   .
officers are investigating a traffic fatality at the 4800 block of s fm 973 rd  south bound lanes of fm 973 are cur .
live  heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow   uk news   sky news .
 ananavarro  patriots thank you  we do not need to see that  isn t he rich enough to pull enough strings to not hav .
 nemosays nemo you ve just shutdown the comment section  it s gonna be hard to top that .
 verldls i dont mind you saying that  im not one of these snowflakes who gets offended  in the end of the day you .
while the rest of br is shutdown for potential severe weather  stunners have shown up in full force for our office .
 quiseclayton99  young and dumb.
 dbongino mr  barr   thankfully you stood your ground and shutdown the fake news .
swigert  okay  can you 030 12 16 brand we re proceeding with the shutdown  special subroutine  for fuel cell 3  rog .
 libertyblitz are you under some kind of false impression that sanders wants to shutdown  wikileaks    .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 podcast  inquiry launched into the alexandra shutdown  earlier on  safmfocalpoint with  umamoshoeshoe spoke to bua .
 ragingtoro   kpcc i m with you     but often nobody can know whether a shutdown is legit beyond what exxon or who .
oh iya phhhoto udh gaada   secret sih banyak kenangan dan seru abis wkwk terus diganti ooh  baru main bentar eh shu .
my take away as well they were shutdown midstream    i hope this comes out during hearings if osc is called to testi .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
even my ones totally shutdown need to look cool  redo from scratch and i ll be back   .
 amrsyfq aah overheat mmg akan auto shutdown  tambah kipas weh  or kau bukak cpu punya side cover bagi ada air flow.
 podcast  the alex shutdown has been temporarily put on hold  earlier on  safmfocalpoint with  umamoshoeshoe spoke .
 mattmfm trump is all cool now though  after appointing barr to shutdown mueller s investigation and then cover up .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown    internetshutdown.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
eco warriors more like posh protestors fucking morons      breaking  heathrow airport faces shutdown plot tomorrow .
how the government shutdown affected the healthcare industry  .
 thokta  cindycoops  sbg1 it has been well established that mitch shutdown accurate info about the russian attacks .
sad   end of the road for bbm as it tends to shutdown on the 31st of may  the consumer version of the app will stop .
 lg188 as much as i would like to shutdown the self serving media that functions as a factory for political propaga .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shotdead  .
kingfisher bankrupt  jet shutdown operations air india making huge losses  do govt have any plan to revamp this sec .
police shut down birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead  in front of his devastated brother   via .
 anamyid that s a luxury i am unable to afford lately  i need  sleep  in order to avoid a  shutdown  .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
despite the harrowing shutdown earlier this year  the senate appropriations bill for 2019 includes hints at potenti .
 stockmarkets manage to keep climbing north despite a rocky ride  read more       marketwrap .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
jet airways  which has been providing services for 26 years  have now suspended all its services for an indefinite .
thats nearly a rap for us lot at ddc before our easter shutdown  couldnt of ended it on a more beautiful day  hav .
police shut down birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead  in front of his devastated brother  .
 realsaavedra shutdown  .
today s top trucking news in 3 5 minutes  .
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
 djsoxxy kama ni wachinku wata implement the shutdown then they can shutdown simcards   it s a thin line between di .
national news  climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
national news  climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
uk news   climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
 all the dokis have a bit of a safety shutdown     ever notice how none of us have parents     if you bring that up in .
news   climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
      credit card vs  debit card        .
 lllll climate change protesters plan to  shut down  heathrow airport tomorrow as hundreds o .
this was the ultimate shutdown   msm like to think that they r so knowledgeable and can always pull one over  she s .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
        20          jetairways  .
 cultureanger donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states u .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
.
.
 ani modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujarat nre co .
breaking  heathrow airport faces shutdown plot tomorrow from extinction protesters  .
 fox61news i 91 south bound wallingford between exit 15 and exit 13 shutdown due to large pickup truck pulling a tr .
adrobotic folks  excess matrix code is favorite meal of a virus  don t forget to defrag every shutdown or get a hole in memory   icdental.
 zenpundit yes   i actually knew the moment nancy announced there would be no impeachment that the end was already .
14 investigations     mueller distributed cases and barr proofed the attempted shutdown of his investigation  .
shutdown  clashes on polling day in central kashmir  via  ajmeralam2000.
yala shutdown .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusbs  senmikelee  lindseygrahamsc  senatemajldr  repmarkmeadows  mittromney .
 jenniferbeing  vdare i am calling for a total and complete shutdown of the globohomo political  financial  and med .
after growing 14  in 2017  revenue from 30 500 small businesses dropped 3 4   year over year  in q1  one economist .
 onebadmxcn  mega00mega1  ilhanmn remember the government shutdown earlier this year  longest in american history  .
mubarak ho  modi ka ek aur  vikas   jet airways shutdown  20000 employees unemployed.
 qrinajesia  halospadaaa tak menyesal  lebih baik di shutdown  kalo gak semakin emozi saya.
 diiahwahyuni  halospadaaa gimana dah kaget mau sleep jadi shutdown  ada penyesalan .
redactions like this make clear that barr was installed to shutdown mueller prematurely  no  .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  via .
 realdonaldtrump dear mr  president  let s see if they can take it like they give it  real crimes against you  the .
 speakerpelosi ag prematurely shutdown the mueller investigation .
 steehnmachine   thats zach everybody that said this forgot that the government shutdown was during the winter  lit .
 mr jags  we will shutdown the country fc  .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  with jet airways grounded  if there ar .
 natashabertrand barr shutdown the investigation.
 party tonight  freak fest  aggiefest  dm for location  no shutdown   im spinning    ncat  uncg .
 hellofreshuk hi there  i ve just heard that prices are lower for new customers but remain for existing customers  .
 davidcorndc  realdonaldtrump barr shutdown the investigation.
 therealwolf42 and the shutdown key right on top of  esc     panic   .
shutdown irgc accounts   twittersupport  twitterban4irgc .
west coast real estate news  the recent shutdown of the federal government has delayed irs efforts to issue final r .
folly gras is now shutdown permanently    a witness from this viral fight video  folly s mayor and head of law enfor .
                                graceful shutdown        post .
 jeffreytoobin barr shutdown the investigation.
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc            shutdown   listen on spotify   .
 the pain never goes away and it gets harder as the time goes on      .
cool  ive hit shutdown mood from my shit filled life  send help jesus.
shut down administrator    currently recruiting for a temp administrator for a shutdown  this is a camp position  the .
 math 0522  fendar  gkmendenhall  mattmfm the investigation that made a profit  had a record number of indictments .
extinction rebellion climate change protests  eco activists plot heathrow shutdown at the start of easter bank holi .
waste management drivers will collect recyclables during the shutdown  the materials collected will be diverted to .
 speakerpelosi nancy pelosi its time for impeachment the only way to shutdown this traitors impeach impeach impeac .
power shutdown   early times newspaper jammu kashmir .
so far what i read is that they didnt indite him because they felt they couldnt indite a sitting president and th .
how yall stain get caught and shutdown in one day  yall dumb af outwest g .
 lbc  shelaghfogarty why doesn t he get the ferry and if the airport was shutdown you get sent to another airport instead.
 repswalwell am telling you this now barr shutdown the mueller investigation period full stop  get mueller to testify asap .
 masterlocke777  pastorlocke the concept needs to be challenged in court and appropriately shutdown because it is e .
 dacia303 i dissagree  1000 schools shutdown is crazy  all they did was put fear in people  she never contacted any school .
whoever designed the keyboard layout where the shutdown sleep key is right next to the volume keys  why .
 breakingkenyanews live  heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
breaking  heathrow airport faces shutdown plot tomorrow from extinction protesters  .
 donchytil2dot0 yeah man  love og hardcore  snapcase  hatebreed  shutdown  e town concrete  skycamefalling  shai hu .
people sharing these whatsapp voice notes about loadshedding for days  protest actions everywhere  complete cbd shu .
gosh  it looks like there is a threat to shutdown the airport  .
 tbt to last saturday  i was honoured to dj at one of my good friends wedding in london    safe to say it was a co .
 jeddamadden  orionzeigler he said on shutdown week  so whenever that is  just go ahead and add us to the groupchat.
eco activists plot heathrow shutdown on good friday  edexcelbusiness  theme3  paper3  travel   holidays .
 flamesfever yeah he got them in the playoffs   but he is easy to shutdown in the playoffs  .
 joshualebowitz after reading bbme      i have no regrets about  bbm consumer service shutdown      happy with  bbme th .
 djrothkopf exactly and mueller in all likelihood was shutdown  the ending of the probe when it did made no fucking .
 club lite huse surulere  shutdown  seph glbal by gnna be live tomorrow cc    litehouseclub  surulere .
during conflicts in  yemen more than 62  of the companies shutdown   this unfortunately means  thousands of job op .
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down    bbm.
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down    bbm.
 dozaeric time wise is the worst for me and the wife  i farm and she owns her own business  so with baseball in the .
 amp  amp  amp  amp  amp  during the same time as watergate protests in paris were so bad the city shutdown  amp  was destroyed       and n .
 therickwilson he looked a lot like pence when trump  pelosi and schumer were getting into it just before the government shutdown .
q1 tracking 2 9   says jpmorgan  substantial acceleration from 2 2  in q4  and that s despite a government shutdown .
 andygoldbergaz  987karim987  thechrissuprun  angelabelcamino  realdonaldtrump  gameofthrones what s this     another .
if you are flying off on an easter break from heathrow tomorrow  be aware the climate protesters are planning to di .
it s  day4 of the london takeover by these  extinctionr activists  total shutdown of the capital   i went down to se .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 cnbc awaaz  jetairways modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok indust .
 lambaalka jet is shutdown due to management failure  do u want it to become another air india where taxpayers money is misused  .
 standwithpresidenttrump      stopredgreenalliance working to shutdown america and specifically  realdonaldtrump .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 .
 imamofpeace you promote hate  what did you expect  youre lucky they didnt shutdown your main account  just wait for it .
    22                   shubhamiimc .
 johnedwardbake1 it sounds temporary  5 refineries have shutdown production due to breakdowns .
 liberty4all because i hated the expression government shutdown   its so stupid  .
 juliaioffe i thought you wanted twitter to shutdown for 48 hours .
 wesgrimes  nws oh weird  got it to load fine for me but i know it has been a bit buggy since the shutdown .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
trump tried to shutdown the  investigation  as soon as special counsel was called for   muellerreport.
travellers note  heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
 imyusari why was there a server shutdown.
notre dame  bernie sanders  deutsche bank  your tuesdaybriefing .
gok s desperation is puzzling  iebc took 8  months to mass register 12m voters at  47 000 centres in 2017  gok clai .
 marcelmcclinton  dancrenshawtx then he should be glad to forgo his congressional salary  permanently     and he can .
shocked by your tax refund  next year could be worse unless you actnow .
in order to execute work for rectification of hotspots  routine preventive maintenance in grid station  barn as wel .
power shutdown .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown   jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
partial shutdown in edinburgh moved my pm mtg to the gallery of modern art today  in these times of brexit uncertai .
 kaycima  ambeanie moss  ju16553019 just like pence in the meeting with trump  nancy and chuck over the shutdown     barely breathing.
i m shocked and saddened to hear that  motherisk  has shutdown in toronto  as a sufferer of unbearable morning sick .
 facebook hypocrisy on point  this post is  advertising  how many accounts have you permanently shutdown for less  .
netflix is in peril as shutdown enters day 26 billion.
remember to  switchoff when you leave the office  thank you             happyeaster  easterbreak  longweekend .
 ultrabrilliant goldeneye 007   n64 pirate copy  start a game play from start to end   shutdown console   gone fore .
dems failed to win 2016    dems failed to prove  collusion    dems failed to  impeachthemf    dems failed to sway  maga p .
 umemeltd what happened to the brief shutdown of last night  we still have no power in najeera .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 oom9 was the command  battledroid that led the  droidarmy during the  battleofnaboo intimately being shutdown by .
power shutdown in jammu .
jet airways shutdown  had a booking  here s what you should do  .
boleh tak aku nak shutdown  bila aku nak hidup aku hidup balik .
 matthewtabeek  atlantafalcons the falcons are going to draft a defensive lineman even though they need to release .
 larissa thomas and just so we re clear  i m not making a reference to the third reich  as a toronto resident  it w .
notre dame  royal family  nissan  your wednesdaybriefing .
climate activists occupy major london landmarks for a thirdday .
 thv11 that a big shutdown   i can see a few lanes because of a wreck but the entire freeway .
aku rasa mcm phone ni dah terlalu nazak dh smpaikan battery phone dok ada dlm 70  tiba2 shutdown    ingat tk sakit hati ka wei .
its a very  rainy day in  littlerock   major storms and flooding filled through early morning    the interstates a .
 mturn19  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump she has no intention of helping the american people  shes in europe now p .
if you shutdown heathrow airport you will not gain support for your protest  you will just piss people off  like yo .
 shutdown .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 thistemi they dont need me to do a 3 weeks breaks oo  cos theyve been doing mid night servicing since that whole .
          16     news18  .
in pictures  vintage boycott scenes in srinagar on poll day    kashmir  conflict  elections  shutdown .
hinihintay na lang mag shutdown ang phone.
kay shutdown na lage  helloooo there indzay kameljen hahah .
 cycling1339  shaunehorton  apoczslayer  tiffanybond  devincow peaceful protests are ones the state can first ignor .
all corrupt wouldn t trust this president ever  just to keep a certain affiliation in house your going to let thiev .
a couple of barrs family members got jobs out of the deal  who knows what else was exchanged  trump is the master .
can netflix shutdown until exams are done please .
 bucksexton  cnn should be shutdown immediately for treason.
 realdonaldtrump fake fraud feckless forever   university    golf award  .
 joshendyne  pcgamer it doesn t need to be public  as long as people are streaming gameplay and such  no one can shutdown a private server .
member of the mayoral committee which led the shutdown in alex vuyani baloyi says what has been said at the commiss .
 mouldie sep demi keamanan  server kpu akan saya shutdown secara  remote 3600 detik lagi .
 bbcnews  itvnews  skynews  channel4news now that facebook have shutdown the bnp edl and the other bunch of uk base .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming   .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
i haven t got any fans on punkanary since it was shutdown and started up again  anyone on punkanary please consider .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
  pc .
 fortnitegame epics you might as well just shutdown the servers for stw and never bring em back and just pretend yo .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabweagain  .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabweagain  .
 ruggtomcat  wg scotland  wrathofgod ireland has had self id  and extremely aggressive shutdown of any dissent  whi .
 ellenspivak but then rosenstein smirks when barr ends the press conference with an arrogant shutdown of the report .
remote shutdown 4 7 0 67   .
jet airways  once indias largest airline by market capitalisationsuspended all its flights from today  leaving i .
 joycewhitevance i m still convinced that usag barr in assuming the power over the special counsel investigation  s .
 kurtschlichter the wall  muslim ban  getting rid of obamacare  longest shutdown in history  yea   he never loses alright.
once these playoffs over  im doing a shutdown .
all those years of linking apps to my facebook login are backfiring a bit now as i prepare to finally shutdown my facebook account .
 jessbrammar i do support the cause but dont approve of actions which punish ordinary people going about their bus .
reject the election result and fight a phoney rearguard legal action for years  making good government difficult an .
 mikolbin  mormorlady  angustaylormp that s just his shutdown reboot sequence.
 machichnicht bei windows ginge auch shutdown  s  t 0.
in case we get a shutdown holla   me in the dms  wifi will be office hours and in the house.
                        .
its a shutdown   .
imusicmarketer   out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify .
goals for the leafs friday  score first  perfect or near perfect pk  shutdown the top line  and freddy needs to out .
poll day in srinagar  deserted booths  assured abdullahs and a party diehard    kashmir  elections  shutdown .
with likely loss of 80 000 jobs  experts ask inconvenient questions  why was  nareshgoyal allowed to leave india  w .
gov  ned lamont acknowledges that he has yet to compile a legislative record  only big bill provided loan guarantee .
 ovh support fr           in ovh  the server shutdown system after expir .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
heathrow airport have said they will be working with authorities to stop any potential protests byt climate change .
heathrow airport have said they will be working with authorities to stop any potential protests by climate change p .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    i think maybe 23 hours  i dont remember why but i know i .
heathrow airport have said they will be working with authorities to stop any potential protests by climate change p .
 arimelber barr is full of shit    trump is a lawless criminal president who engaged in a conspiracy to defraud the .
product founder fit is real  friends  kudos to  margoaaron for the in depth look at why she shutdown her kickass co .
fms  wean hall domestic hot water shutdown 4 24   widows  auto  webkit text size adjust  auto  webkit text stroke w .
was the mueller investigation shutdown by virtue of barrs legal frameworks .
 jetairways faces imminent shutdown without emergency funds     save our family   angry employees protest as jet airw .
another day with  wageworks and another missed deadline  everyday must be april fools for them  deadlines mean noth .
 billbarr was kind enough to shutdown any discussion of  donaldjtrumpjr admitted violation of 52 usc 30121  36 usc .
today   donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete  by  t j  sandella via  poetrynw    read the poem here  .
 tallcanaudio ennis and matthews work well together  proved it til ennis got hurt    if you put ennis and matthews .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
irs copes with first  taxseason after  taxreform and the  governmentshutdown   .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 standardkenya this cash strapped government wants to shutdown their only sure source of revenue     zimeni stima  ka .
 repstevensmith  realdonaldtrump  rebeccasuenewe3 i was amazed at how fast they shutdown  seanhannity and rod wheel .
 jamessurowiecki  michaelehuck again  i m not asking about the strict definition of the law  i m asking if this is .
 httpsantha tapi kau mcm dah kena experience unexpected shutdown so better tukar  lai lai  harga twitpemes je aku kasi  haha.
you have got to be kidding me       span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
 steve dangle loved the lfr this morning  question  i was one of those people that wa saying that tavares has been .
after the ig shutdown i ve thought about this consistently  how our connections could be taken away without notice  .
 smpotatoes yep  doesn t sound sustainable to me  and the answer isn t to tax the bottom 50  more  the answer is to .
ive never seen a mcdonalds shutdown  once theyre built  theyre just always there   .
 byheatherlong  wapo  mmfa trump has done everything he can to slow growth  trade wars   shutdown  deregulation of .
 flash inthe dan  toddjawesome  realdonaldtrump then why are you so worried about what my opinion is  the mueller i .
 flroach  jamesdcurry maine yankee was shutdown due to appendix r cabling and retrofits that were too expensive   p .
 gerudoqueen my accs a little older than that tbh i started on first month of release of rs which people now know a .
 icebearrobert di ko piniplay yung mga yun e  tsaka shutdown talaga spoilers sakin  hahahahahahaha.
 angrierwhstaff barr shutdown mueller early.
gi ahak selpona mo shutdown rag kalit mayng ilabay.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 skiscontent  thegrugq check the tweet that started the shutdown of this whole fb thing  as the attached screenshot .
an estate agents under investigation for fraud and theft has shutdown  .
 circitfied  jessbrammar like i said its really not something people privileged enough not to be hit financially b .
 hamishnews  lesstonehouse  theprojecttv  barnaby joyce great story tonight hamish  could you also find out why ron .
read the manufacturing policy initiatives march issue of insight into manufacturing policy on how does a federa .
new post added at mumbai press news   latest news  news  news today   24 hours news   jet airways shutdown impacts .
 jlee62mcs we have one  she put it on me once to make sure it fit and i went into sit in the corner with my head h .
nada nada nada    the  liberalmedia and their democrat compatriots were just shutdown  ahh    tears taste the best .
 rwpusa i say it was sent when  barr shutdown the investigation  all materials were sent to them  america no longer .
i shutdown when someone is talking to me   when they dont listen to me     it s really exhausting when i have to .
 shutdown 21 ashiappp.
 tigerzntl  luisbaram thorium should be explored  a pilot thorium facility would be a great project  thorium has th .
 rbxflip and you still act like a baby  still not do something about you breaking the tos and the law itself  i d r .
 mllacer  butravelers shutdown s  t 86400 .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
heartbreaking   jet airways employees protest in delhi after shutdown   .
 mossaveli dame came in this series in his bag   he was shutdown last year and got swept iont think he was going for that this year   .
 marghe30288469  stphanierose1  axlrose yes  i woke up from my  coma   on that day  i lost my consciousness 3times  .
with likely loss of 80 000 jobs  experts ask inconvenient questions  why was  nareshgoyal allowed to leave india  w .
you ever almost shutdown all north america manufacturing facilities for a fortune 500 company  because same .
 virtualtrident im just wondering can t you just download buy a vpn like nordvpn 3 dollars for 1 month  change you .
open program     loading     shutdown        .
 tinytimmons  abbyleigh 3 separation of church and state  no government office should be shutdown for a religious h .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the  extinctionrebellion  shutdown   video    .
 kenyapower how do u say this and in eastlands near buruburu and umoja  our businesses are shutdown due to power .
by 2011   jetairways was in trouble with mounting debt  kingfisher had shutdown and indigo was the biggest benefici .
but they just released the trailer tho   wtf       dc universe reportedly not in danger despite swamp thing shutdown .
 emileighsophie  cndcapecod  jonswaine barr was ag for how many weeks before he shutdown the investigation .
barr leaves the stage  and the meltdown begins  actually began before  but let s face it no collusion  not even try .
boom  shutdown  .
locals who frequent the keshavrao vithoba dhere jaltaran talav are ruing its shutdown of the swimming pool and want .
 alfiedring  politicsjoe uk  mrjamesob they havent been shutdown  the could start their own social media platform .
safety tip of the day  lockout tagout     one other energy source can cause harm  is stored .
an estate agents under investigation for fraud and theft has shutdown  .
nothing surprising from this  spin show   barrpressconference  barr auditioned to be ag by giving trump views that .
seems   barr shutdown the blonde female reporter       she struck a nerve .
 maxbergmann  maxboot how could mueller be making a report for barr when barr wasn t attorney gen  until last mo  w .
in this vain  i reiterate my call to begin building an economy and organizing around this idea of solidarity and mu .
 jm mcgrath further  cuomo is very vocal about his involvement in subway capital projects  mostly especially swoopi .
looking into the future for the columbia regional airport  following last weeks shutdown  airport representatives s .
and if you just want the latest  here s today s story  countdown to begin on shutdown or appeal  .
kingfisher s unceremonious shutdown was a cue for  nareshgoyal  it was a lesson  but unfortunately  there was no le .
 request  tweak to have 30 sec warning before shutdown  .
 annannche with pictures of little children locked in cages and us coast guard workers standing in food pantry lines during the shutdown .
trump is the most honest man in the world right now     nadler want to have trump aid come in and tell them how trump .
this suggests a question that no one is asking  did barr shutdown the mueller investigation before it completed its .
kahit one week lang shutdown niyo akoo .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us  via  businessinsider.
olomo shutdown   .
 politicsjoe uk  mrjamesob ergh     as much as i hate the above named groups this is a very problematic step  who i .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown   jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
shutdown haftas haftasonunu tatil almak m  snav haftas eve gitmek gibi birey sanrm .
i stan  and  i hope they organize about this     coming out of the government shutdown  it seems like there one of th .
well barr just shutdown the democrats narrative   try they might   fail they will    muellerreport    maga    nocollusion  noobstruction.
 cbsnews trump personally intervened to pay coast guard in shutdown  .
protest expands as london shutdown goes on in fourth day of climate change protests  via  cityam.
 spotifyuk  austindarbo easy  this track sold out hundreds of vinyl copies within a few days of release  and is rec .
 mylesperhour  .
 sangmadesu gausah goodbye bbm lu  resign sebelum shutdown aja  .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
 danclayt0n let him  get his 60  i don t care  shutdown everyone else  completely changing our defensive style and .
story at a glance    a cluster of cancer cases among young children at weston elementary school in ripon  california .
the government shutdown may feel distant  but for many it s had lasting consequences   we are dedicated to continue .
save time  download inshorts  india s highest rated news app  to read news in 60 words    .
united airlines profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 mylesperhour  why not .
easter weekend closure   19th 22nd april    a reminder that the campus will be closed from friday 19th april to monda .
 lionelmedia our big bad globalist overlords gave the word  so it was an immediate shutdown of any speculation abou .
i find it disheartening israel deflects all genuine criticism with  antisemitism      it s disingenuous to your ances .
 speakerpelosi you couldn t win the public trust the way you ruined my credit standing on battling with mine and ot .
 dol1house  thesugardad1 20  but hes not answering and my account got shutdown because of it.
state parks generate nearly  40 million in annual revenue for illinois  but two of the most popular campgrounds at .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   the common sense show .
klo hackernya orang  kpu id  sendiri   bisa kan   server di shutdown  data digelembungkan sesuai pesanan  bisakan   .
 senschumer cryin  shutdown chuck schumer .
 ckwon14  jsportsnet no they re just getting shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
eric bledsoe or kyle lowry who yall taking .
during a deliberate shutdown  you can t freely associate and peacefully protest  access information or express your .
 request  tweak to have 30 sec warning before shutdown .
bbm shutdown  prabowo kalah  versi qc   melody jkt48 nikah ama org lain  veranda juga  one piece gak tamat2  cebong .
 neal katyal neal  why do we assume mueller wasnt forced to shutdown  they timing never made any sense to me unles .
dc s live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown  .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  .
omg  susunod na pala yung the bible series after ng the shack   shutdown ko na laptop ko  .
tread lightly folks   the next twitter purge is happening   they couldn t bring  potus trump down with the special c .
 realsaavedra im calling for the complete and total shutdown of all soy based products until we can figure out wha .
 arm  kernel   patch 1 3  drm sun4i  add missing drm atomic helper shutdown at driver unbind .
then initiate it itself on behalf of the user    regardless of curiosity gpo time   plus i am curious why a program .
i think the lady that shutdown the server is scared i am mad at her haha  she wont pick up her phone   i am just cu .
 tdharmer  no they will have to shutdown and  leave the youtube world .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown .
interesting to see some people observing shutdown in srinagar while some others casting votes  the city of contradi .
me  ooh  i ve worked my hours for the week  nothing urgent in my to do list  i can shutdown and go start my holiday .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share   reuters .
 jetairways you guys were one of the best domestic airlines   this is sad news    i hope this shutdown is temporary .
low turnout in  srinagar amid shutdown  abdullahs  bukhari cast vote and      via  youtube.
stupid stupid macbook pro  hey  apple  even stupid windows knows when its attached to a monitor  amp  doesnt require .
twats     eco activists plot heathrow shutdown on good friday  via  cityam.
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metroshutdown  .
it might not be christmas but i ll bet you are closing up for easter  so if you want to know what to do with your w .
goldman       given the  1 5pp swing in the impulse from financial conditions and fiscal shutdown effects  we expec .
ltimamente mi cuerpo hace shutdown de vez en cuando porque necesita recuperar toda la energa que invierto escribi .
naresh goyal made his money and left these 16 000 employees to face a nightmare   jet .
i still think trump is working on releasing free unlimited energy to america as developed by tesla  trump s father .
sino gisto mag donate para di mag shutdown yung radioexo l .
climate change protesters plot heathrow shutdown .
the semblance of peace  today  polling day in srinagar  looked like this  shutdown  vehicle movements were partly r .
we should see this situation in another way  it s a high time for rivals  amp  businesses to employee readily available .
is  jetairways shutdown really temporary  why getting it back in the skies is easier said than done     jetairways .
 team mitch mitch is the bastard who allowed trump to shutdown the government and forced hundreds of thousands of w .
reminiscent of sf bart s shutdown of cell service repeaters on train platforms in 2011   .
one of my most loved messenger is shutting down  bbm  blackberry  sad  shutdown  .
 jaber alajji      shutdown  .
im hearing that   extinctionrebellion are to try and shutdown  heathrowairport just as ill be flying back home on .
facebook is a social engineering    is the time to shutdown   .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
but after sucsuful election campaign by maim stream political parties in central kashmir  they called shutdown  .
utility alert   water main flushing in namao ridge  amp  grandview subdivisions   .
a tear in my eye today as the announcement of bbm shutdown  i loved this messenger service from day 1  and still th .
comprehensiveness  storage and organizational methods  and materials usedand their content  the history of repress .
 thehackersnews time to shutdown facebook service completely     this not the first time facebook violated user confidentiality   .
 sairbeear  yazanjk  ttcnotices i don t count horrible situations like the one this morning but generally speaking  .
 jetairways so sad to see you shutdown temporarily i was on the last flight 9w121 from london on 11 april and was i .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown  .
if a conservative town decided to vote to put up lgbt flags in front of a middle eastern type restaurant  the us wo .
an  anthrax scare at bradford county hospital demonstrates the importance of  mailscreening  hospitals could reduce .
i heard this little bloodclart  djdombryan is throwing a party tonight at  bambubirmingham definitely shutdown ting.
 sean t barry  heyratty it was awesomely awkwardly tiny  it was my favourite venue to go to     i d always check on t .
the recent government shutdown shed light on a problem thats been growing for years  employees are hurting financi .
with likely loss of 80 000 jobs  experts ask inconvenient questions  why was  nareshgoyal allowed to leave india  w .
projek shutdown takde gambarr.
the once popular instant messaging application will be shutdown as of may 31  2019  .
 nickdacarlo  thedogzolice  john83563 this is a trek boer bot all they do is shutdown facts and realities to promot .
 team mitch like using children as pawns during the government shutdown   .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
  katyperry now owns the shutdown  must change laws   hanoisummit.
cnn is behind the food channel in ratings     the wages of lying is that no one trusts or believes you anymore     do y .
london reacts to xr   great to see non protesters supporting xr .
walking across waterloo bridge  extinctionr protest  i just overheard an elderly lady giving the most amazing expla .
blockchain social network  sola is shutting down       migrate your posts to  hyperspace 1      security  blockchain .
decision on kmtm pipeline will be delayed another month  this is another reason for alberta to get bill 12 ball rol .
 dirtydeathdog fallen order seems underwhelming  it seems more like the force unleashed  was it a mistake ea shutdo .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
has royale high had a shutdown .
due to the forecasted inclement weather today  the course and club will shutdown at noon today .
consumers have shaken off shutdown  stock market jitters and bad weather and are back   retailsales soared so much .
 garretthaake silly me i thought he d lean heavy on the russian aluminum quid pro quo deal struck w the oligarch he .
 sharkbiotech dont forget the shutdown created s false stalling   fir instance it hit home sales because you cou .
amazon to shutdown its online store in china    .
 morning joe barr shutdown mueller  mueller not allowed to discuss certain information in front of congress  barr w .
brighton climate protesters help shut down capital for third day in arow .
bbm shutdown their service   mengenangbbm  fromcassandraside .
about 400 pilots have moved to other airlines  leaving the  jetairways with about 1 300  pilots  said a senior pilo .
this shutdown every manchester city supporters hearts last night  it was sad .
 tinyseokjinnie taegi    windows xp shutdown sound .
 ingrahamangle fascist democrats shutdown free speech  anything  amp  anyone that doesnt align with their agenda is ev .
 mstewable  bravo dude i stole this from fb during the government shutdown  .
 muellerreport how come no one is making the point thats is clear that barr abruptly shutdown the mueller investig .
we are live at 9 a m   news6wkmg with the latest update on the brush fire in brevard county    troopers have now reo .
an interesting report i heard  reliable   ann coulter would consider voting for bernie sanders   yet another reason .
total and complete shutdown on diving in fucking caves until we can figure out whats going on .
shutdown the economy until the report is released  shut it down  redamntweet this   muellerreport  muellerthursday .
 realdonaldtrump the government will require an even broader array of state employeesmost of whom are currently f .
       yes birmingham family  we re coming to your endz  don t be like our london family and .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown    .
 zjemptv like a shutdown on a computer .
  yes birmingham family  we re coming to your endz    don t be like our london family and leave .
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo oh the ban that doj changed multiple times  or what trump wanted  do you not know what  .
 mrdoggymeaty g  was our comfort zone of sorts after that it got shutdown s lot of us had nothing to go with  yes  .
update  the mrt 3 annual general maintenance shutdown continues on its fourth day today  18 april 2019     included i .
so  peruzzi vibes came to shutdown lead city yesterday with one red haired dj  definitely would want to see them to .
we can only hope these evil elites are shutdown  american working class are sick to death of the media and dems sti .
it looks like a user initiated a shutdown last night on a server   i am going to take responsibility for this since .
so does the weather man who shutdown dfw yesterday get fired .
theres nothing better than having a lead and then having your bullpen blow that lead  not to mention when theres .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
              end the  shutdown .
 ttchelps  ttcnotices how does that work  i tapped on bus to vic park subway then it shutdown one stop after i got .
 kilmeade heres what you shutdown in your show  how dumb can you be  .
extinction rebels planning to shutdown london heathrow tomorrow .
 strgstylekaiju  jeremysimser  swampthingradio  theflashpodcast  dcuswampthing comic book news released an article .
  ultra96petalinuxshutdowntcf agent.
 thehill  thehillopinion the barr rollout is the usual sleeze from trumpublicans    like     trump relentlessly hating .
 kathrynw5 auto trigger shutdown by  fema for that particular combination in terms of volume and content .
 lombardipls  griff piff  dammitkris  deecauley  vinnyvidivici98  steeiernation julio is the only guy he has shutdo .
analysis of the proxy season at the sec by bloomberg law  .
                  abp news .
 klimawandel  kohleausstieg  energiewende  parentsforfuture  studentsforfuture  fridaysforfuture  .
 jason the wolf  thenobeds and you going to see that game  servers shutdown after 11 years.
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the uni .
   londonshutdown  tellthetruth  climateaction  marblearch  extinctionr  xryouth .
retail sales just smashed estimates  with upward revisions  residual seasonality  with a side of shutdown distortio .
ls polls  amid shutdown  old city prefers to stay away frompolling  .
 ttcnotices ive been at broadview since the shutdown  unable to get onto a shuttle for over 30min.
r dbz34 shutdown  .
 mariokart  nintendoamerica i had a good laugh at this last night  knew this was going to be a big deal and i m sur .
 anncoulter wow    elective lobotomy eh ann   i agree that our president really blew it when he caved on the govern .
 matthew wright  tvkev  missjanetellis  simonrim  timlovejoy  matthemley  thestage  talkradio the police were fanta .
 kausmickey  anncoulter wow    elective lobotomy eh ann   i agree that our president really blew it when he caved o .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  avgeek .
 can t sleep at night   despair over jobs as jet airways grounded more than 16 000 employees are demanding a govern .
if  retailsales  don t come in strong five minutes from now   and i bet they do   it won t be because i didn t do m .
 5600 stores closing down in massive nationwide shutdown of american business     trump want .
 nydiavelazquez remember that trip to puerto rico during the government shutdown  good times    .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
shutdown alert   pressplay    international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th apri .
the power went out last night and it always takes my ancient imac like a half hour to lurch back to life after an unplanned shutdown .
the remaining pins i need to master either evolve with shutdown pp or evolve both ways so i gotta mix battle and sh .
barr shutdown the investigation and didn t allow mueller to do his job  .
things that will more directly impact local residents than the  muellerreport  .
think about it  mueller don t want nothing to do with this  barr lied to the public in is summary that  mueller was .
well all things considered the ride was a great time in the sun   my garmin shutdown  amp  i lost ab 2km so restarted  amp  .
 rachaelvenables  lbc ole bill and khant made a rod for their own backs by not moving em on earlier  all sorts of o .
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo he most certainly said that  donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdo .
 spud edwards bonjour sean  we had to make a  shutdown  of the train  you should now board very shortly  merci  sl.
having previously called out justgiving for the amount they skimmed off charity donations  it s only fair to highli .
 kbrizz1 i reported it already   but you can go onto that account and report also so it gets shutdown.
mein fazist zum  overwatchde event ist folgendes  es is super gemacht  die story spielt halt vor dem shutdown von o .
biglang na drain katawan ko  gusto ko nalang mag shutdown  permanently .
 moeednj flatterers like you have ballooned the idiot of the century who has lead the economy of the country on the .
 unsubtledesi  vsurywanshi87 bhopal has already seen a lot  be it warren anderson running away from bhopal due to th .
       20             .
following an inter ministerial meeting in alexandra  leaders of the total shutdown in the township say that their p .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    i have some sleep disorders so   two weeks of just like t .
        20          jetairways.
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown via  freebeacon .
donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of sages entering the united states until our country  .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web mps  .
 metrorailinfo  jenjanowski1 jen  as a daily rider at this station  were you aware of this shutdown  how was it communicated to you   wmata.
united airlines  first quarter profit doubled to  292 million  despite starting the quarter with a partial governme .
 rvawonk  jw4hillary facebook needs to be shutdown for their continuous breaching of their clients personal inform .
        20         .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   the common sense show .
things random men have explained to me this week   1  batman  2  stephen king novels  3  the internet  4  fan fiction  5 .
nodejs graceful start  amp  shutdown for minimal downtime and better error handling  .
omg   mailchimp you need to get some sort of emergency support   because of an auto reply setup we with our shared .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabwe again .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabwe again .
 jeffbezos led amazon says it will shutdown  online marketplace in  china as it struggles to compete with local chi .
 indian point  entergy the shutdown should not occur until the iso has 2000 megawatts of replacement standing opera .
        20          the wire   hindi   hindi ne .
 sarah skg 1983 all of them lied  some lied to congress  i believe that barr shutdown the investigation when he cam .
 shutdown   00 .
today is probably a good day to shutdown the twitter machine with all the  trumpcolluded hysteria  last gasp of a d .
parliamentarians in support of the resolution mentioned     arbitrary killings by armed forces    jailing of kamto  amp  .
paradise lost  burnout paradise shutting down servers in august  gamer  life .
 oxhazelxo i was inches from the precipice with that voice in my head pushing me forward  i am now being treated fo .
wow air s collapse  while awful for travelers who d paid for upcoming flights  is a good opportunity to remind you .
 deycallmifame its actually cos in my office we have  shutdown  and work from home days  today happens to be my shu .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   uk     .
such a sad reality for those who earn their bread and butter while the owners send shutdown e mails  pack their bag .
    or     mercers attempt to quietly shutdown cambridge analytica to destroy evidence and avoid prosecution       sh .
yung yahoo mail ko hindi ko ma  access importante pa naman yun tapos ngayon naman nag shutdown phone ko hindi ko na mabuksan     kaiyak .
 extinctionrebellion london shutdown  xr freiburg  extinctionr de  extinctionr   .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
editing rogue element and man koles brain really was on the floor for like the first 20 minutes  i didnt know how t .
well that was fun while it lasted the big shiny new  authoritypizza  brentcross sc  is already closed at 12pm on a .
 chriswcpowell i really think the shutdown is a wild rumor  seems it started with the show getting knocked back to .
 richmartel  shadders333  vitalikbuterin  gulovsen will be very unlikely to change ever        liberty reserve got .
charlotte housing market cooled off in january    charlotte s housing market got off to a slow start in 2019  and som .
charlotte housing market cooled off in january    charlotte s housing market got off to a slow start in 2019  and som .
paradise lost  burnout paradise shutting down servers in august .
burnout paradise will shut down its servers in august  ending multiplayer after 11 odd years  burnout paradise rema .
 penguingalaxy2 im mad as there are so many cppss named galaxy penguin so i had to shutdown my cpps with 100 members   .
  blaw legal analyst  npeterrasmusse1 breaks down the 2019 proxy season  a must read   corpgov .
lib msm had access to facts for 2 years just like conservative media   yet you got it 100  wrong  biggest story in d .
 tometojemeto  f philippot  tonythommes quand  l immigration  si c tait la solution  tout nos problme    il suf .
 shutdown   00   .
         jet airways shutdown         print daily dainik gana .
 eunyangnbc good morning eun happy thursday  i enjoy watching you on news4  i wonder how the metro shutdown is goin .
did you know andy weissman was at hillary s victory party  andy was the enforcer leaker from the beginning but remo .
very sad to hear about the shutdown of  jetairways  one of our country s best brands in particular in aviation indu .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
people bus service shutdown in karachi   news 247urdu  .
 yemialadee keep elevating cant wait for you to shutdown 02 arena.
weekend of travel chaos as drivers are told to  stay at home    .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
weekend of travel chaos as drivers are told to  stay at home   .
 joannaerwin  repdancrenshaw he blocked their pay during the shutdown.
 watch   advocate brenda madumise  from the total shutdown movement tells us why she has joined the  effwomensmarch  .
 birdlandmlark  repdancrenshaw he withheld the little pay they get during the shutdown.
 mbevthereferee  chirpyma  jonrothstein gets shutdown and cant tweet anything but laughter   got it  .
 zoecharlucy  repdancrenshaw he doesnt  he voted to withhold their pay during the pointless shutdown.
 vellaiammalram ithu 24 7 company  it ila leave vitathum systema shutdown paniti porathuku.
windows     c  windows system32 shutdown exe   .
what is the cost to the american citizens for the    government shutdown   tariffs on exports  imports   disruption .
how do i stop doing twitter  i use my browser so an app shutdown thing isn t going to stop me .
 amit gulecha that is given    typical too big  amp  systemically important to fail    current shutdown is also tempora .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up   reuters .
crush ambik gambar ngan org lain   social media will be shutdown 24 7 .
single payer for all  health care for all  but no disability or comp for  ecdems own employees because they did .
why still no response from paypal  response   service  is  askpaypal   paypal  shutdown its services.
 bryceweiner i remember when i would shutdown my hss network from a smartphone  id blast the main router while pe .
dont focus on the inconvenience of today     focus on the extinction of your childrens tomorrow  its a nice    .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla  ekrem imamoglu.
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  here s what you can do  jet airways will offer a refund for all p .
 myblackthunder   control  alt  delete      shutdown.
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabwe again   bulawayo24 news .
 jetairways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets  .
27 staff may be laid off not 600  as 2 branches go down   stanchat .
shutdown twitter for ina pls  twitter  buzzer really work hard   inaelectionobserversos.
server kpu di hack  pdam pun ikut ikutan di hack  air pdam ter shutdown  g iso adus    kawalairpdam.
 thtfuldwellings  jeffcarr4nms  davidccoon demonstrate the costs of belledune shutdown  demonstrate the costs of bu .
i barely remember anything my system totally shutdown the moment i saw their fits for dionysus i need to watch everything again.
twitter continue to shutdown conservative voice  their algorithm favors only liberal democrat socialist ideas  if y .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at title creature amid shutdown rumours  collider .
i want to know if barr forced the sci to be shutdown prematurely  it seems to me that there were many things left u .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
polling held for srinagar lok sabha seat amid shutdown   greater kashmir .
   if every one of the  extinctionrebellion protesters put similar effort into themselves switching from  fossil to .
hr1  hiring for  saudi arabia  shutdown  industry  plant maintenance  large  requirement  client interview  psitions .
hr1  hiring for  saudi arabia  shutdown  industry  plant maintenance  large  requirement  client interview  psitions .
d block europe  manchester      shutdown  via  sbtvonline.
 aesthetcxiiy beak  that shutdown only lasted five hours     youre fine .
thinking bout xr stuff i keep coming back to the  ukblm  shutdown actions in 2016  and the language of  crisis   an .
 china         amazon         amazon .
skepta shutdown was the one.
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
random shutdown restart problems with my iphone se this last week are really annoying   ffs.
 timesofindia  gadgetsnow read ambanis back door plan with supporting policies from government to ensure reliance g .
 mattparlmer  patrickc  interfluidity chinese government keeps threatening to shutdown btc mining but it won t actually happen .
why   you didnt force republicans to come back from their vacations when they ran things   also you didnt force .
what a bullshit  all of sudden they believe masepa after swearing so much to  hermanmashaba  this show anc has been .
ugh   dentist   sis  supermarket induced shutdown    one very exhausted and broken rainbow person .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24   malay mail .
yetki bana ait devam edebilirsiniz  shutdown .
the imtt sat and deliberated on the submissions by the shutdown committee and concluded that all the concerns and g .
after brief engagements the alexandra total shutdown committee undertook to continue to temporarily suspend the shu .
 de doj  fbi  cnn  when will this company be shutdown  amp  when will accountability be upheld  this is highway robb .
06 00  caroline md    denton   crash   eb 404 and deep shore rd   denton  300   ridgely   400   medics     eb 404 shutdow .
 oxchris  theabingdontaxi we used to get thursday afternoon off  but it was then transferred to the christmas shutdown .
 aami scarlet  bts twt window shutdown.
trump s political future at risk if the government shutdown continues for toolong   .
 psgalexis   jmf       im a chelsea fan bro i just like marcelo lmao  and i changed the subject because every poin .
 shefflibraries on shutdown from tomorrow until tuesday    people who need library pcs to administer universal credi .
mr eazi just dey shutdown everywhere  a king .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    2 days  time nga nahubog ko kauban ang angkan before ni s .
easter weekend travel chaos fears as drivers told stay at home with millions more cars on roads due to shutdown t .
 aoc you voice vote yes for the homeland security bill during the shutdown  but why let facts get in the way of your delusion .
 pietmeis1234 ja  total shutdown .
no impact of shutdown in kathmandu valley  police .
 truebs well said  shutdown my own knee jerk defense is one of the most important lines  not asking women and poc .
 yacovonerick  harryberezin  gueromexican831 his ability to call a great game is fluff  his ability was enhanced by .
the shutdown committee presented a detailed account of service delivery challenges and the long term issues of revi .
the imtt gave an opportunity to the alexandra total shutdown committee to table its memorandum of grievances and ch .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mitch mcconnell stood by and let dirty donnie shutdown the government     call a fake na .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
 freya20166 please can you dm us more information regarding the shutdown that you experienced  thank you    laura.
 klm  i have a booking on the flight from bangalore to amsterdam on 28th april  can you please confirm there is no i .
we are currently investigating a traffic crash at nw 22 ave  amp  4 st involving a pedestrian who was struck and seriou .
columbia housing authority spent  756k on food  hotel expenses related to allen benedict court shutdown .
dont allow asylum claims  reject them all and force mexico to keep them or send them directly back to their countr .
 cnn  schneidercnn the barr rollout is the same sleeze that trump  amp  repubs have shown since 2016     trump relentles .
team stay safe workshops are raising money for  mentalhealth in the uk  we are challenging you all  to take part in .
also  dont forget the shutdown of the walter reed facility   our newer facilities are slated to be used for emerge .
happy birthday frank nkafu   shutdown alert   ghetto s exclusive birthday party this friday 19th april primoloung .
        20          jetairways  .
happy birthday frank nkafu   shutdown alert   ghetto s exclusive birthday party this friday 19th april primoloung .
happy birthday frank nkafu   shutdown alert   ghetto s exclusive birthday party this friday 19th april primoloung .
beledyeler shutdown   ekrem imamoglu.
 prathgodbole problem is that once it s a shutdown   it s impossible to revive   banks etc should have got in 3 6 m .
belediyeleeeer shutdown.
how to shutdown and startup a  kubernetes cluster in  vmware  pks .
aaf files for ch  7 after abrupt shutdown .
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019  rising kashmir   srinagar  jammu and k .
brits shutdown is on day 2   .
kalo laptop mati ya shutdown.
the president directed that the inter ministerial task team must within one week  meet with the alexandra total shu .
the inter ministerial task team on service delivery  imtt  met with the alexandra total shutdown committee  in alex .
imtt heeds the president s call to engage the shutdown committee on the alexandra renewal programme interventions .
udhampur 30   srinagar 05  polling recorded in till 1 pm  clashes erupted in budgam  shutdown being observed across .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 morningjoe  joenbc  amp  other media  pundits  rallied for barr being a  by the book  guy  when history clearly sugges .
 starbucks ta ders almak iin mthi bir gndr   starbucks a gitmisimdir    belediyeler shutdown n szlerini worde yazmmdr.
        20          jetairways  .
jet airways shutdown  16 000 permanent employees jobless now  says employee s union    .
 stefan keyes  ctvottawa and here comes the 10 pm market shutdown    .
 vermontgmg because it is  almost like media letting a realitytv personality trump run around shaping a narrative r .
other news  easter travel delay warnings    .
stanchart to shutdown 2 branches  refutes 600 staff layoffs    .
for all those who want to know  what about the jp miles  mohitjo   jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure an .
yall be so juiced over instagram  that shit means nothing bro it could get shutdown tomorrow and most of yall wou .
centrus part 5  the dirty shutdown of the paducah plant .
more than four million people will face  water supply disruption for up to four days from april 24 due to the shutd .
 lfpress i know your plain and i m going to counter it  dont miss with smart minds  i ll see your papers go to the .
magagalit ka kasi na shutdown  e tanga nilowbat mo e bobo lang hahaha.
jpmorgan s jamie dimon warns of shutdown impact    foxbusiness.
 1fullertonindia  it s not just about collecting too much interests and scamming ppl  focus on  customerservice too .
 lawrence do we know for certain that the mueller report wasnt actually shutdown by bill barr  .
new post      henrietta abraham from the shu      april 18  2019.
so my question is who is held responsible for all the ecnomic shutdown for last 8 months  asadumar.
 erbmjha  nindaturtles  ravishndtv sahi h ye to sab dikhta h isiliye log ndtv nhi dekhate tension not after few mon .
traffic red alert  i 985 sb is shutdown south of queen city parkway  exit 20  in hall county   atltraffic  wsbtv .
jpmiles  secure and remain intact   says jetprivilege after jet airways shutdown .
no impact of shutdown in kathmandu valley  police .
 detracemusic  uprewt shutdown.
 rednationrising  chatbycc  potus the october 2020 surprise will be a coordinated shutdown suppression of conservat .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 bsnlcorporate  cmdbsnl   bsnl still date nt entered gsm landphone business actively which   have huge potential after shutdown of wll   cdma.
london shutdown goes on in fourth day of climate change protests  .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 .
ot7 shutdown .
 comfort996 i got very worried comfort in january during the shutdown  i was irritable  fidgety  and restless  it s .
          16             awaazmarkets    nidhirai87.
update  the mrt 3 annual general maintenance shutdown continues on its fourth day today  18 april 2019      dotrph .
     plant news   1  company  kpic  2 product  olefins conversion unit  ocu   3 location  onsan  s korea  4 capacity   .
jet airways grounded   here s how it will affect the aviation industry   .
error  apache shutdown unexpectedly in xampp 2019  via  youtube.
shutting down servers for electrical shutdown  been up since 4 45am this morning .
ich hab s fast geahnt  als die woche losging  dass  migrne wieder zu besuch kommt   erst krieg ich kaum was gesch .
louisiana is shutdown today  y all be safe out there   lalege .
swamp thing surfaces in first teaser following surprise production shutdown .
 fouadraheb then the problems of shutdown of whatsapp  has no solution  online notify  do not let add favorite contacts.
update  the mrt 3 annual general maintenance shutdown continues on its fourth day today  18 april 2019     included i .
quick reminder   easter  shutdown  pneumatics  fluidpower .
what would have changed   puerto rico after maria  the wall  southern border family separation  government shutdown   su .
sadly we shutdown we have reopened nine network.
social networking sites should be shutdown for the day of election and the day before it     loksabhaelections2019 .
the shutdown of the reasons  andreachalupa and finally succumbed and never has totally serfdom .
  .
                 whose shutdown   trumpshutdown .
yesterday was little bronnie  greyhound s 5th birthday  i adopted her  bgpuk as a terrified  shutdown girl 2 years .
 amazon will shutdown online marketplace in china  report  .
 vijayrupanibjp due to the corrupt policy of the government  big losses to the economy of the country many core of .
 mediha m i don t think it s why most people are really single or even believe it s why they are  it s the quickest .
after today i dont have to be up this early until summer shutdown .
 asad umar  imrankhanpti indeed you are intelligent to run a company but we don t see any competencies to run count .
 talbertswan obama could have shut down fox news the way republicans   shutdown al jazeera  he could have also began .
  sudo shutdown  h now  pc  .
sumabay pa to   .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
it s a different kind of sadness when your expressed feelings leave someone shutdown  especially when you love and .
k      .
 edkrassen more churches feeding the homeless have been shutdown because the government doesnt know if it is dieta .
happy easter 2019 from site equip    read more to find out about our important easter shutdown information  .
happy easter 2019 from site equip    read more to find out about our important easter shutdown information  .
 skynews shame its coming to this  schools it should purchase some form of monitoring software  which gives the ab .
help reduce our energy use by turning off electrical equipment  where this can safely be done  during the easter .
apna virsa shutdown tesco extra with a bhangra flash mob celebrating vaisakhi    ipm bitesize .
  windows     linux  .
love it  looks like even the rozzers are having a nice time      big up to the  brooklynbridge crew  .
 world  news shutdown being observed in iok against so called indian elections    srinagar  a complete shutdown is be .
 kynes3  elliemail will they try  amp  shutdown the project like they did with ronnie salt  or threaten hamish  like th .
a  nepalarmy soldier has sustained injuries in the course of defusing the  ieds planted by the netra bikram chand   .
                           .
 jetairways shutdown  16 000 permanent  employees  jobless now  says employee s  union   jetairways .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
ghulam nabi azad has mumbled something to the effect that what else you could expect from bjp  there is a complete .
major  metro shutdown in northern virginia will last all summer  it will affect sections of the yellow and blue lin .
 2teamtraffic  donelson  donelson pike shutdown near the airport for a bad crash  updates   alerts on  gmn  wkrn .
the video and image of this person on notre dame cathedral keeps getting removed and shutdown all oooover the inter .
 jainsiddharth   jetairways so whose fault is this   what z ur analysis for this shutdown.
a huge 4k for  tucks403 but the ace shutdown          eslaunz    csgo .
 jetairways guys  what are your strategist doing  how can you be temporarily shutdown  have you guys worked on your .
injured plaintiffs  families hurt again by gov t shutdown   law360 on malpractice law    .
amazon china to shut down its online store by july 18     via   gizmochina    amazon.
 lewis goodall  nigel farage the amount of media coverage for farage has been huge while remain have been shutdown .
brighton climate protesters help shut down capital for third day in a row   .
  nationmediagrp s performance was adversely impacted by a temporary shutdown of its television station in kenya  a .
 theonlynickyb  nygfootballkev the proposal didnt get shutdown tho  it was the motion to vote on a cloture.
 zilv gudel omg  i m eating      .
i dont receive the prompters leh cannot be  everyones comp receives prompters is it cause i dont shutdown m .
yall really shutdown the mnet stream hhhh.
i shutdown on situations i feel i should have never been put in or have to go through .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
please see below our opening times for the upcoming bank holiday period  any requests or enquiries sent in during s .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
why is mnet website suddenly shutdown.
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change .
 jetprivilege says value of jpmiles secure   mukeshambani makes it to time s 100 most influential list   airindia c .
      shutdown abort      kill  9  pmon .
 jetairways shutdown  16 000 permanent employees jobless now  says employee s union   jetairways .
jpmiles  secure and remain intact   says jetprivilege after jet airways shutdown      jetairwayscrisis  jpmiles     .
 guardian one or two more disasters and the whole offshore industry will face huge bureaucracy and or total shutdow .
 shehusani that is your opinion  i think is the responsibility of the president to give a direct order to sa presid .
this is not the future for digital data we want in eu   saveyourinternet would it be possible to execute a temporar .
bole tak nak shutdown everything kejap .
 manick62  damn  magazine typical of the remainer labelling tactic to delegitimise voices they disagree with   you  .
 virsanghvi the phenomenal screwup by govt makes me suspect some minister will buy it at peanuts otherwise ministry .
 rlthingy nga prnah di shutdown ya .
yall steady living for everybody else   what if instragram and facebook shutdown now all ur tattoos only u can see .
my first air travel was with  jetairways which later moved on other airlines but today the shutdown of  jetairways .
shutdown being observed in iok against so called indian elections .
a nepal army soldier has sustained injuries in the course of defusing the improvised explosive devices  ieds  plant .
she got served     .
the mobile internet services in the poll bound areas of kashmir have been snapped amidst a shutdown against the pol .
end times news headlines    4 17 19    teamcavuto  shepnewsteam 2 nwo script readers  you ar .
brits town shutdown in madibeng municipality    enca  sabcnewsonline.
vertech are seeking an instrumentation electrician for a shutdown running 27th april   13th may     must have     aust .
a  nepalarmy soldier has sustained injuries in the course of defusing the  ieds planted by the netra bikram chand   .
jet airways shutdown  16 000 permanent employees jobless now  says employee s union   india.
easter holiday traffic on the countrys major national roads is threatened with disruption by a truck driver shutdo .
shutdown in srinagar on the day of elections  news18dotcom .
due to the corrupt policy of the government  big losses to the economy of the country many core of bhrastachar and .
ang galing naranasan ko nang mag shutdown ng lab nung dec tas bukas startup naman hahahahahaha.
.
she stupid  the passion rubs off on ya  .
good on her  .
 theeconomist no   you have that the wrong way round  he is capable of hacking   as was the person who saved the nh .
 bogdaemir  windows not if you shut off the 1 0 switch in the back  obviously  but it can wake up from a shutdown  like from a sleep .
moment a duck and ducklings shutdown highway    sky news .
 icymi  transport minister blade nzimande says he has been assured by the security cluster that any planned shutdow .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 btvi  theofficialsbi  jetairways  jetcrisis  jetairwaysbailout  narendramodi  pmoindia  sureshpprabhu had this bee .
                     indianelection .
 opinion   reviving jet is easier said than done  will potential investors be willing to pump in mega bucks to save .
curfew in indian occupied kashmir as elections are underway on two constituencies of occupied kashmir valley   kashm .
 hardlyundead  michaeldnetto1 i thought i lost you when i shutdown straight lines  nice that i found you again .
google worker infected with measles visited california campus      keep circulating  potus  .
 coleyworld he ate every leftover hamberder and piece of kfc at those banquets he threw during the government shutd .
ls polls 2019      budgam records highest turnout till 01 pm     srinagar april 18   amid the complete shutdown in the .
kim clement prophecies   paris  amp  france  2010   2015  notre dame fire    you decide  .
facebook is a cancer  it is out of control and should be shutdown   fmd .
 tracytlm45  skau61  glopol analysis  yvonnegetcarter  hairlossclinic1  cjsienna55  whereangelsdare  usgovignorance .
 cagsil  chooselovetoday  petejohn10  bbfunk01  crg crm  russ warrior  clarkkentwars  zd arts  cbs  carrolltrust .
 thalestral forgive if off topic  im feeling sick about the massive school shutdown that just happened in colorado .
 jetairwayscrisis   jet airways has suspended all its operations rendering 16 000 permanent employees jobless while .
here s my report of  brighton s impact on yesterday s  extinctionrebellion demonstrations in london  including an i .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
why are they having to shutdown so many churches i wonder  .
shutdown .
normal life in kailali district has been affected due to nepal banda called by netra bikram chand  biplav  led grou .
 gameinformer the problem i have is physical copies of games that can be played with or without the internet mean y .
they better be release this .
 jezzaj yes    is anybody working next week    so many out of offices when i sent a group email just after 5pm  shutdown.
1  1   .
 kameron84110582  packersforthewn  22jbright  zachkruse2 yeah you mean the defense that was getting shredded by cal .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
my goal from tonight until monday  aka the 4 days i have no school  is to have one day without a meltdown or a shut .
i am stuck in css hell right now and i am really really upset because i used to keep pp funded to avoid shutdown.
jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure and intact   says jet privilege  via  bt india.
jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure and intact   says jet privilege  via  bt india.
in wake of the second phase of polls in the  kashmir  a complete shutdown is being observed across the valley  sepa .
amid shutdown 17 8  votes polled till 11 am in jammu and kashmir  while the udhampur recorded 26 28   polling  the .
current regime in  india will not accept it s failure  policies and implementation led to  unemployment and shutdow .
north states lok sabha election voting live updates  srinagar notes low turnout of 4 37  after hurriyat s call for .
mega kill  double kill  triple kill  maniac  shutdown.
 jetairwayscrisis sad day that a great airline is on the verge of shutdown  india market is not ripe for private se .
shutdown affects normal life in kailali .
i feel so terrifying sad  dumb and frustrated   if i could go back  ill take nearest flight but now is in shutdo .
students and staff enjoying the easter shutdown  a reminder that  university campuses are closed today until wednes .
the scary truth about the notre dame fire that no one is talking about     fakenewsmedia an satanic  teamcavuto .
 thecolossus  aoc no its her 1st ammendment right to speak the truth  aoc didnt force the bodega shutdown  this w .
there is a planned shutdown by truck drivers in protest of foreign drivers today or tomorrow on major roads.
 aliumbritt  recovery twice because i did not give it permission  with reason  and it had a thermal shutdown midinstall     .
 loksabhaelections2019   voting in  srinagar has been dull at best  registering a paltry 4 37  when it comes to vot .
 georgin24661487  milton damian  abaukdiscussion  shonadav  intelligimus  sheffieldluke  richard autism  ddumorgana .
where else would you be than terrakulture  cant believe it is actually here    get ready for the easter shutdown th .
 jainsiddharth   jetairways unforgiving country     what led to the shutdown     is the government responsible     how co .
   shutdown      1 5   1   1 5         171  .
today is a good day to do that in production database   shutdown immediate   startup mount   alter database set compat .
shutdown being observed in occupied kashmir today .
after almost 2 years of shutdown due to the conflict in the central african republic  we are happy to hear that cor .
    kim jong un sees it better than anyone and will not have been saying this all     many of the shutdown.
 reallyswara  jetairways the same tweet was seen when kingfisher was shutdown   this shows madams double standards .
 teachersilvert  regitice35  anglaisalves  mrssavourat  missbeney  zeliamalhaire  daraujo23678267  vdglr .
 greatpaulsmith if i was more tech savvy  id start a poll for guesses as to when the factories have a maintenance .
the occupied authorities have made heavy deployment of indian police and paramilitary personnel across the three di .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the  extinctionrebellion  shutdown   video .
 hollysha  still ok boleh pakai no worries  unless dia ada tulis unexpected shutdown.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
very sad to see jet airways shutdown but surprising that though naresh goyal stepped down in march 2019 and banks s .
 jules in love  audeoisjohn  jay06253610  realdonaldtrump 12 28 18  taxpayers are subsidizing mar a lagos new year .
i 64 partially shutdown after semi fire in bath county .
the shutdown leaves a huge question mark over the future of over 16 000 direct and 6 000 contractual employees  .
shutdown being observed in kashmir on poll day  .
 gulraizkhan  bbhuttozardari  sindhcmhouse apparently  the decision to shutdown the bus service postponed taken bac .
 cuppymusic  cuppymusic that dream will surely become true   it s your time to shine   so go and prosper   tu f .
 jetairways the first name that comes to my mind among all airlines    ontime departure and even before time arriva .
when dat tune from the shutdown empire  djmicsmith x bhim nation  stonebwoyb drops   even da rain cant cool .
 bilaloparatha  yayawwarr and i think that applied to the whole debate thing that happened where it was shutdown  pst19.
the comeback of the queen warrior is finally almost here  brave yourself of the never ending drama    get ready for .
 grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
easter shutdown    our factory  warehouse  amp  offices will be closed friday 19th april to monday 22nd april  you will n .
auto shutdown ang mata sa backhugs  yes  temporarily lang to.
shutdown of  jetairways can lead to major demand supply mismatch into peak summer demand  jet flight share on top 1 .
 inteluk  hpuk my current laptop is on its way out  old faithful needs it s final shutdown eventually and a new lap .
   jetairways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds     if india is progressing with  sabka saath saa .
 loupalumbo  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream which is within their right  as congress  they have control .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
cash strapped airline  jetairways flew its last flight on the amritsar delhi mumbai route on april 17 and announced .
 willyshakesays  twitch  twitch  helpless  half dead  brain shutdown  a fever or alcohol induced dream  what this h .
         20            businessnews .
 ubuntu isn t ubuntu one shutdown .
 yes go go    ubuntushutdownreboot  sbin.
let the countdown begin  as we await the arrival of the queen warrior at the terrakulture stage we have decided to .
shutdown being observed in iok against so called indianelections  .
after  jetairways shutdown partner   airfrance  airfrancein customer service is in total meltdown n unable to handl .
disruption gets noticed  and there is appetite for making real progress on tackling climate change      extinction re .
enough   computer shutdown   may the long weekend commence.
is jet airways shutdown really temporary  why getting it back in the skies is easier said thandone .
is jet airways shutdown really temporary  why getting it back in the skies is easier said thandone .
ducks shutdown highway    .
reddit s r games stages april fool s day shutdown to protest gamer toxicity geek .
noticing the extravaganza in marriages in pakistan  govt has increased the taxes and registration fees for marriage .
 garkuo  microhonkytonk that s a pavlovian shutdown tactic .
all the trains out of  hualien are delayed and last i checked trains in taipei are still shutdown pending inspectio .
because of the shutdown i served them massive amounts of reductionism  i paid   over 1 000 hamberders etc .
 vivekagnihotri  vinodkapri  tv9bharatvarsh  narendramodi shutdown tv9 bharatvarsh  .
 charithwwe  dulithk shutdown       .
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  heres what you can do .
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  heres what you can do .
now  is it possible to say  everyvoteformodi even after watching these ads  don t know why most of the bjp supporte .
                    .
 trending shutdown being observed in iok against so called indian elections  .
 shedantler  captainswoop1  mcharlesperry  abranesample  arandolphhill  diablokatdesign  rodstryker of course not  .
      700         .
no one called shutdown of jet as victory of the masses over elite supremacy .
to salvage the disrupted ransom extortions  ransomware distributors are getting creative with google ads  .
 msapunya bantu kpu dengan cara ketikan di cmd  perintah shutdown  s kemudian enter     tunggu selama 1 menit.
shutdown being observed in iok against so called indianelections  .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
india prime minister jet to consider all options  including a temporaryshutdown .
now that  jetairways has temporarily shutdown its shop  what happens to the jet privilege part of the business  are .
creative brain refuses to shutdown  pls send halp.
rt engadget  car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
every week government is shutdown citizens should get 2  tax deduction april 18  2019 at 03 01am.
 car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
dgl easter  amp  anzac day closure    we would like to notify you of our office shutdown period during the easter holida .
 kim9973  redpbluep  cassandrarules all the momentary exposure accomplishes is a shutdown development  amp  integration .
 danjohnson998  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump this article was written before the government shutdown and trumps fa .
trump didnt conspire with russia  donald was dupped by vladimire putin  since the government is shutdown shouldnt .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 jaysekulow congress did actpassed two bipartisan resolutions that your client walked away from  in fact  he vetoe .
video report   amid shutdown  mobile internet restrictions polling gets underway in srinagar  udhampur ls constitue .
 tabassumnaiz but in reality we shouldnt be letting people in power to force or push indian exchanges to shutdown .
this agency wont shutdown  but their only rookie will .
            21    .
former national police chiefs council chairwoman sara thornton said co ordinating the response was a job for no  10  .
this is not just a shutdown or stop off    while globe is preparing for  2020  incidents like  jetdown is not a goo .
i was born after 1980  all i know is  gukurahundi  esap  blackmonday  landinvasion  economicmeltdown  dollarisation .
the way regimes try to shutdown activist art gives me hope i am in fact doing the right thing          if it was so .
video   amid shutdown  mobile internet restrictions polling gets underway in srinagar  udhampur ls constituencies   .
its very interesting that  aglenergy who sold or shutdown all their gas producing assets are the ones arguing that .
when large businesses go down  it invariably leads to a large scale human resources disaster   jet airways shutdown .
jet airways shares tank 34  after temporary shutdown   .
 jetairways flying domestic wont be the same guys    really wish a grand comeback from you guys   as someone said a .
it feels like it s been forever since the last real content update for swtor  i know a lot of people in 2018 went t .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
happy birthday to  sonyyay    i hate you from bottom of my heart   please get shutdown fast  kind request from me  .
another group of tribal leaders in mindanao reached out to the government for the shutdown of a left leaning local .
watch  urgent alerts  shutdown in tshwane and black monday changes venue  on youtube .
 teguhgondoprase server tinggal di shutdown ajh kelarkan   .
enthusiastic voters reached polling stations today in  kathua   reasi  amp   udhampur districts of udhampur  loksabha s .
 abbasnasir59 could also be due to peace talks in afghanistan  do whatever damage you can do before consulates camp .
if your business can not pay a livable wage then your business deserves to be shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up   reuters .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
great video truly inspiring  extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
 anthonyvslater all excuses for how hes been getting shutdown by beverley allllllll season long .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 robert4533  ladygaga i know but think how epic itd be  itd shutdown the  homecomingbeyonce hype.
what a bitch  let people enjoy the things they like  if youre such an egocentric shit bird that other people enjoy .
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change .
shutdown being observed in  occupiedkashmir today  .
            hyderabad  barclosed  close  shutdown  bhaarattoday .
jet s loss is indigo and spicejet s gain   .
easter holiday traffic on the countrys major national roads is threatened with disruption by a truck driver shutdo .
 bettemidler at this point it would not surprise me if the fbi is shutdown pending a full investigation   meaning f .
 nopolitiko  katiepavlich    moscow tower  money laundering  caged kids  travel ban  shutdown  break alliances  scr .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews poor america under a loose cannon named dj trump   jim mattis  resignation was a stu .
 altefalken  airin nz sudo apt get update  sudo dpkg  i prabowo shutdown.
 jointresistanceleadership  an amalgam of  separatist bodies  has called for  shutdown today .
 jasongregor except they don t have cap room so no matter what  changes are coming    not really minor losing top 6 .
 sumanthraman shouldve shutdown internet and tv on voting day to pull crowd out.
tara laro ng tetris bago mag shutdown.
i saw this on the sun app and thought you d be interested    easter weekend travel chaos fears as drivers told stay .
lush uk deletes all social media accounts  will australian retailers follow suit    smartcompany .
 chitika  publisher  ads  adnetwork  advertisement  advertising  shutdown  closing  chitika  chitikainsights .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump this was the day you fell asleep before the longest unnecessary shutdown in history  .
 salima252  her alone  luviku sekarang prasangka buruk  yg ngehack ya dari org dalam sendiri  02 ngapain ngehack ka .
 kmutisi  queenofretweet what else would they do besides taking for themselves  zimbabweans like you celebrated whe .
a  complete shutdown  has taken place in kashmir  greater kashmir reports  after joint resistance leadership called .
ls polls  shutdown in poll bound areas  internet suspended    .
 masyrafr kalau tetiba phone undergo unexpected shutdown mcm mana .
amid shutdown  mobile internet restrictions polling gets underway in srinagar    .
      700         .
      700         .
shares of   flyspicejet jumped as much as 15 percent on news that  jetairways had suspended its operations     .
also  colour me stressed the hell out because i only got 2 weeks notice that my job is gonna be shutdown for 9 days .
 mer squared didnt happen mostly because i was travelling in the us during the govt shutdown .
if all the people shedding tears for  jetairways shutdown contributed rs 101   each  the airline will be up in the .
 chaubeyji  .
 sigje i have an issue where mine will shutdown  sometimes  if i plug it in  does wonders for the meeting alarms  .
srinagar  kashmir valley is observing a complete shutdown on thursday while the polling for the srinagar parliament .
ls polls  amid shutdown  srinagar witnesses 1 23 percent voting till 9 am   .
 mohitkbsharma .
 mm2llc  teamspaceil the imu was malfunctioning  an inertial gyroscope  causing the spacecraft to misread its accel .
 morley hall he is too slow for top line play  and has proven to be too lazy to play a shutdown line role .
akechis left is right  right is left bullshit is either supposed to be representative of his ability to mess wit .
 jetairways had a solid 14  of indias international airline capacity share before shutdown with india exhausting b .
my laptop crashed  shutdown  and wont turn back on anymore so skdjsj.
london mayor  sadiqkhan says capital open for business  its been shutdown because police stopped from clearing streets of eco wallies.
 kristi huebner  prisonplanet getting shutdown because they mention that theres been a series of churches attacked .
 syouth1 agree broadly  but is assuming every shutdown fund an underperformer a bias   does it capture pms moving  .
spicejet says taking measures to deal with capacity crunch after jet airwaysshutdown  .
spicejet says taking measures to deal with capacity crunch after jet airwaysshutdown  .
 sumitya59395596 planned shutdown at your area expected restore at 01 30 pm.
it s a sad day in indian aviation industry  with the closure of  jetairways we loose indias one of the most well kn .
what if all the negative spin about barr is wrong  what if instead  he rescued the investigation from trump s coerc .
traffic alert  part of i 64 in bath county is closed after a semi fire  people tell wkyt they ve been sitting in tr .
 ghostblackcyber serangan ke server rc c 1 kampus prabowo sekarang server saya shutdown perhitungan manual akhir ny .
 mikedawesnz argh  the shutdown for easter always throws me.
i don t know if this is some kind of weird coincidence or something neferious  but three times now after opening th .
 jetairways to suspend ops today after lenders reject call for funds  report    .
jet airways shutdown deals a big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change    it will have an adverse im .
srinagar  as the srinagar constituency goes to polls kashmir valley is observing a complete shutdown on thursday wh .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
 jetairways tanks 34  after temporary shutdown  huge selling by investors    .
leaders of the total shutdown in the township say that their protest is suspended until they get feedback from mini .
shutdown of  jetairways can lead to major demand supply mismatch into peak summer demand  jet flight share on top 1 .
besides other obvious costs  one immediate fallout of  jetairways shutdown would be on psu financials  the airline  .
great video truly inspiring  extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
jet airways         833         via  fehindi.
 kynes3  danteruker i will  after they shutdown the internet  and stop building skyscrapers  and manufacturing cars .
   moscow tower  money laundering  caged kids  travel ban  shutdown  break alliances  screw up nuke talks  mishandl .
low turnout in srinagar parts and moderate polling in upper reaches of budgam and ganderbal district marked the sec .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
 jetairways tanks 34  after temporary shutdown  touched a low of 158 70 on nse  spice jet  amp  indigo  interglobe  surged .
it is day 1 of the jet airways shutdown   undoubtedly a big blow to the indian aviation sector    livemint looks at t .
 pollwatch   as srinagar constituency goes to polls  the kashmir valley is witnessing a complete shutdown on thursd .
cool jewelry inspired by fridakahlo .
 263chat when is the next shutdown just want to know hangu.
 danigargon  altayo metros are shutdown.
slow voting  shutdown and immense security arrangements  srinagar constituency goes for polls  .
jet airways shares tank 34  after temporary shutdown  .
.
shutdown in poll bound areas of occupiedkashmir  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
students cheat during exams   gt  nationwide internet shutdown that costs millions of      youths abuse pubg   gt  ban the .
wrt 5th jan 9th mar 16th apr19 view  read embedded tweets fr ref  on  jetairways   downhill journey exactly panning .
random update  shutdown causes.
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now .
lok sabha elections  shutdown in kashmir valley  mobile internet suspended in wake of 2nd phase ofpolling .
 angrierwhstaff really hope none of you liberals believe this  its your q  worked many years in dc and if this w .
pag shutdown mo globe oy yaya man lang internet ninyo ug data.
isn t this thing 2ponder  in period of 5 6 yrs our1 airline is near 2 shutdown n 1 is already shut  that too out of .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after spate of london stabbings   london   knifecrime  .
 park  expressnews hi   park  yes  i believe city specific numbers will be released in late may if they arent dela .
 slagcarangi overload system shutdown   lt b l gt   eushdl   monitor off .
watch  mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelation on pelosi    on youtube   .
hillary must end shutdown and finish funding  billions of dollars   amp  lives  will be saved   imwithyou.
 vinodkapri vinod ji   there was one more airlines   kingfisher airlines  expecting words from u about that time wh .
in their defense  they had to play defense with government shutdown and all the other daily absurdities by trump  .
algenis drug lord  the peoples champion  2012     track list      01  intro     02  300 barras     03  loco con papeles .
 simonmahan  nuclearcorgi  oldmh  brianschatz i like the lede   both units at the south texas project  stp  continu .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
remember when kingfisher was in trouble  the continuous flow of news  it stretched for almost a year  there has not .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mitch mcconnell and donald trump are responsible for the longest government shutdown i .
 renebeauchamp4  sotiridi  stefanmolyneux  update  just in   the last worker leaving the scaffolding at the .
today ballast point closed its temecula brewpub and announced its miramar warehouse will soon shutdown   .
a complete shutdown is being observed on thursday across the kashmir valley in wake of second phase of lok sabha po .
after kingfisher is noe jet airways   the complete shutdown of every jet flight by today evening     .
 bruce arthur bruce  the issue in canada is that american foreign funds are being used to shutdown our resource sec .
its funny growing up if this was done right the whole party would shutdown for few seconds from the pandemonium  .
 bheeshm rawat  ansudasa  bibipakhii  sanjukta  rahulgandhi 1938   nehru established national herald run by ajl own .
 serious jammage how fitting is it that two of the three relievers who blew that game turned into shutdown closers.
equate shutdown projects in kuwait  oil  amp  gas jobs kuwait2019  .
shutdown of  jetairways is really unfortunate when as a country which is exponentially growing market for the aviat .
what a pace  that period was all avs who doubled the  flames shots  the flames tried to go into shutdown mode to pr .
 team mitch youre a national disgrace  stealing a supreme court vacancy  robbing people of affordable healthcare  .
 mlkhattar shutdown saral haryana website as it is of no use    filled marriage certificate form online now nagar n .
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change   livemint.
 ayandamsweli46 konakele kum37 ngaseadams uya embumbulu  adams burning  roads shutdown .
 obcannabis  norml cwa  yahoofinance not to mention lobbies for the shutdown of the illegal market  .
 1stevenortizjr steven  bome go the university of ky  we need shutdown corners  uk was 12 in defense last year  our .
 india  1st hour of trade   sensex  139 pts   nifty  69 pts at opening amid flat sgx cues  make all time highs  but .
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change .
a girl was raped by her father  attempted to rape her another daughter as well and the elder daughter committed sui .
 mzhemingway yep    just think we had doctors in this country charged for trading sex and money for opioids and the .
 kelectricpk suffering from phase shutdown since day before yesterday complaint has already been launched but as us .
a week after the clarkson cup final   thecwhl came to a sudden halt when jayna hefford and the cwhl s board of dire .
 windows  amp  sometime it freezes for no reason then it stuck at that state until i force shutdown the pc by holding down the power button .
 joeflex73  skot69  jonstall2009 don t go violent if that happens  go national shutdown  you don t even have to be .
complete shutdown against indian election drama in occupied kashmir  .
when i shutdown  i shut all the way down.
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 dchrismartin we feel your pain  have seen the city shutdown on the threat of possible ice before  maybe we tend to .
jet airways shares tank 34percent after temporary shutdown    rravindia   livemint .
 peterndoro  satoday sabc mr ndoro r u implying tht only alexander mst get intervention  while there r so many othe .
complete shutdown in chennai due to polling   never seen such a thing  all shops are closed     all organisations completely closed.
for  lithium  batterymineral stocks to recover we need a shutdown of major mine somewhere on the planet like  vale .
 genormand maybe mid summer might be a good time to do some  required maintenance  requiring a shutdown for a few m .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
testing these strategies be nerve racking but its sooo necessary .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
get ready for the royal shutdown today  click here gt  gt   to book tickets now and secure your .
swap the green wit purple  .
 udhampur  enthusiastic voters reached polling stations on thursday in kathua  reasi and udhampur districts of udha .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 chint power systems pv inverters provide rapid shutdown with tigos ul certification.
a duck and her 10 chicks sparked the shutdown of a stretch of highway in southeast austria on sunday  april 14  aft .
 beatybean3965 the servers have crashed down  you will have to wait to get it fixed  rumor has it that it was a sch .
twitter shutdown .
the great 2 photon shutdown of 2019   day 8   the backup plan   we are moving forward getting the new ini 2 photon s .
 srinagar  a complete shutdown is being observed on thursday across the kashmir valley in wake of the second phase .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
binding bids from investors to determine jet airways  revival  say lenders     temporary shutdown   jetairways.
 kashmir    shutdown in  srinagar  ganderbal  budgam amid tight security  normal business everywhere else     dear srin .
trus mi daddy .
 cdwcorp  fedit  shutdown  techtips  tech  federalgovt   cdwsocial.
 southafrica  alex shutdown protests suspended .
ive officially shutdown im done with everything bye .
one big victory announced tonight is a full time bilingual tenant support worker  tenants asked for a multilingual .
shutdown  internet gag  low polling in srinagar lok sabha constituency till 9 30 am  voter enthusiasm missing in sr .
nintendo  is making me cry with this damn server shutdown  i wanna punch the guy who came up with the idea  in the .
 swamptalking  aficklebiscuit still want to see it  but honestly the news of the production shutdown has put a damper on things for me .
this breaks my heart  not because to hear about shutdown of jet airways  but because i can feel how does it feels t .
so proud that three of our members received  feedingamericas inaugural living our values awards   knockouthunger .
when the crew finds out dfw is shutdown and bus to leave ballpark is tbd due to weather in texas and its already p .
the last couple of days have been tough on colorado  half a million kids couldn t go to school because of a threat .
now loading       shutdown .
 dineshdsouza remember  mrs obama went to   spain around the mysterious gulf shutdown shopping for mansions on the c .
 realjameswoods thank god they shutdown the trump foundation  ill sleep better tonight .
 jamesokeefeiii  michellemalkin didn t  chase bank that shutdown proud boys leaders bank accounts .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 cnbc good thing theyre testing a voice system to rival siri and amazon  these guys should be shutdown  i deleted .
  twitteryoutubeshutdown .
 barnacules  realdonaldtrump you know  speakerpelosi attempted to take a 2 week vacation during the government shut .
 monamielarose depends on what caused the meltdown shutdown  but sometimes it helps.
 sallyqyates sally why not subpoena mueller and let him release his own report i hope mueller is ready what america .
nintendo got the ol  mental shutdown from the phantom thieves   rip.
 ola supports the app started for 2 days  and now again its shutdown  what s happening    same page   turn on gps  .
a complete shutdown is being observed on thursday across the  kashmir valley in wake of second phase of indian nati .
 bqstocks   jet airways drops as much as 34  after the company announced temporary shutdown of its operations     cat .
 shuu ichi  tinggal shutdown aja servernya     gitu aja heboh.
im gunna shutdown bye world.
 anonymoush1ppo nothing  i just want the game to shutdown honestly.
 adam22 having me in an interview one day might cause gov shutdown of the whole program   sykethrone.
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
 thomasjonwilli1  rob shehan  19plf68  speakerpelosi no one said nancy had anything to do with the shutdown  she di .
 a silent child  jakabird  nogodsnoproblem and at the same time  being forcibly helped when i dont need it is frus .
as a  bestselling  author who s had to travel left  right and center   jetairways was my go to for travel within in .
jos andrs plans to feed government employees in the event of a shutdown    its not the first time hes provided fr .
          20         via .
 chrislhayes if reporters are going to cover barr  why is he having a presser before the report is released  why di .
 repmarkmeadows not so  democrats know bill barr shutdown mueller in the mid of multiple cases      barr the most cor .
import random  import os      plat at your own risk    russian roulette    if you lose  it shutdowns your linux right no .
apple  fix all macbook pro 2016 and later with stage light effect or backlight shutdown  flexgate   sign the petiti .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown via  freebeacon .
 nogodsnoproblem  a silent child in this situation  panic or shutdown  it helps to  help me move to a safe  quiet a .
 rob shehan  b3gsfan  19plf68  speakerpelosi my point is  not everything is an  opinion    some things are just fac .
 smjwrites  leeswaneybereal i m kind of worried about getting sued though  i wanted to write a sci fi novel in whic .
alexandria ocasio cortez torches trump for shutdown in first house floor speech     .
good defense  kd gettin shutdown  yall better stop it     what happened to freedom of movement   officialnbarefs     com .
 juliaioffe i think the whole country should shutdown for 23 hours .
                      jetair   .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
 travelocity when will i know the answer   jetairways is shutdown as they are out of business  its not my fault  i .
tggu shutdown  wayange bingung dalah dalange tambah bingung .
yall lucky yall got to enjoy panther beach shit got shutdown to early last year .
 kashmir  srinagar  loksabhaelections2019     amid tight security and mobile internet shutdown  polling commences for .
 jbenjam19110311 nah ive not tried anything but i think its just my brain resisting to shutdown  doesnt even go on a standby.
 sultanalqassemi 3  then they would probably behave the same as now  a good experiment would be to link a single tw .
 thicj00n  justlikehobi microsoft shutdown noises.
avengers  endgame  latest trailer is a trip down marvels memorylane .
 besties4evsies  madchad412 he has also been a norris finalist i believe three times in his career  it takes more t .
no that exposed myself  i will no longer write the story  i know it s not probably change anything  but get my acco .
niat kepala mau direstart malah di shutdown        dan hati pun berteriak  pulang sajaaaa  .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump ha with all you have done  hiding from congress during the shutdown and killing good b .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up    ouch  .
 mmflint   michealmoore i think its time to make the calls to surround the  whitehose and  shutdown  washington  dc .
bruh i def get more jealous and overprotective over my friends than i do with boys   i check myself constantly abou .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
 theinrich22  chrisrowland9  randpaul they all sign off on it and its a national crisis due to impending govt shutd .
 patricioauthor2  adamschiff the other asian country s don t like nor trust china  china is setting up the silk roa .
i wonder when they will shutdown the xbox 360 and ps3 servers down .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
dc universe reportedly not in danger despite swamp thing shutdown  .
pharmacy shutdown changes outlook for shoppers food sale .
 narendramodi  sureshpprabhu so busy in elections that no time to think about the 20k jet airways employees  today .
 2flavorzz luke  i wish you would consider uk  we are losing all our db to the nfl draft  we need shutdown corners  .
sobrang tahimik ng planta ah   shutdown ibang lines haha.
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request  sources  .
and gusto na nako e shutdown ning issues kibaw ko ako inyong gi pasanginlan abot       e clear nako mu chat bako .
you got me shutdown .
the recent metro wide school shutdown made me wonder  how often do people without kids think about schools  should .
 jellio14  csbrude  tomilahren reps controlled both chambers of the 115th congress and never got it done   shutdown .
 neal katyal  nbc  msnbc love your work but this time won t be watching  unless i hear tonight that mueller probe w .
 jetairways shutdown  lenders express hope of successful bidding process for stake sale     .
 sidney2020db sidney straight  up  come to uk  you could be all freshman all sec your freshman year  uk losing all .
 jcdimla shutdown .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
 petedelkus thanks for ruining peoples lives and having the airport shutdown on your fake reporting of the weather you sicko.
 tanganbelang id lebih baik  sudo su shutdown  wkwkwk.
 travelocity hello  itinerary   7416079022072  jetairways shutdown operation so flights r cancelled  please cancel .
hey america as if you needed more proof that these little piggy fascist socialist dims of the animal farm are unhin .
sneeze in fantasy novels absolutely love removing from the government shutdown  when asked about the white house  sources.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 carlosaarias11b  thehill  aoc there cant be unity anymore  because mitch mcconnell  donald trump  paul ryan  and .
after years of denial  venezuelas president allows aid toenter .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
1shutdown.
nintendo eshop shutdown probably because everyone is in the eshop trying to buy the smash dlc but i cant blame the .
       airlines  jetairways  money.
 jet s failure would also be a blow to indian prime minister narendra modi  who is currently seeking re election in .
       airlines  jetairways  money.
 postulkatim  carlosaarias11b  thehill  aoc    attempts to reopen the government before the shutdown ended   and th .
 lavaman33yt  xturtlegamingyt     system malfunction                crash report detected  attempting to repair    re .
 colorados legislative session isnt over yet  still expected to pass are bills to force the shutdown of oil and g .
gnewsph international     1  russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps    2  a common th .
 postulkatim  carlosaarias11b  thehill  aoc    they have obstruction tendencies  and they are willing to cause prob .
donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of sophists entering the united states until our count .
 ivanconinx  planespotiscool  jetairways  airbus  brusselsairport a temporary shutdown.
 philridinbikes can we check the  vendors  for their serving it right certificate  fine  amp  shutdown those who don t have one .
 mattbertz i know  im talking about the future sir  and i understand if you all cant say anything  just feel like .
 trump8year  repmarkmeadows  realdonaldtrump you mean the ballooning debt     the skyrocketing deficit     the spike in .
a popular  effective way to shutdown the job magnet attracting so many aliens  do it   realdonaldtrump   do what yo .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
hi  airfrance friends  jeannette  amp  tom missed their flight tonight from  yyz to  italy due to hwy 401 shutdown w a .
 sanjrani  kelectricpk  imrankhanpti  imranismailpti  arifalvi  sadiadada  samaatv  geonews urdu  abtak247 .
why cant we provide a formal non action checklist     if you do   a  b  c        you are placed in an incubator with le .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown    listen on spotify  .
 imblamee  kingarkid  tripiettt  whyybello look im not taking sides but shutdown used google to .
im suppose to buy my concert ticket today but i forgot my card is shutdown and waiting on my new one .
 southeastern pre market    nifty stable opening expected with support  11766     jet airways now temporarily shutdow .
 fearworth did u tried  force shutdown    i think mine is 2 days too.
             .
 juvethoughts  calcioali shutdown the club is better then .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
 dimfilipovic  historicmusings yah you had a good piece relatively early in the season about trotzs teams consiste .
geez brain who dunno when  amp  how to shutdown  2nd brain plak keep on insisting the toilet is the place to be .
man twitter been on a roll today  the content hit a little harder today  .
what i don t understand is how is it a company  jet airways  which is going to shutdown in 1 year down the line was .
jet airways  temporarily shutdown a setback for indian aviation  air india chief ashwani lohani .
my ps4 overheated and shutdown  the old girl is on her last legs .
a duck and her 10 chicks sparked the shutdown of a stretch of highway in southeast austria on sunday  april 14  aft .
 neal75556257  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump democrats went on vacation during government shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
they shutdown the warehouse because severe weather is reported for dfw and im just sitting here waiting for their .
the way he side eyed him tho  i just knew he was finna get smacked   .
ok  via  navbharattimes.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
 injustice2go stop robbing people with your bs drop rates   or give everyone  2 000 usd to get a max darksied  amaz .
 bravesninja i just want a competent bullpen  doesnt have to be shutdown .
 bradmossesq unless they ask questions like was mueller shutdown  when did wh receive the mueller report  where is .
 teapainusa or the investigation was shutdown .
i would actually love if the internet somehow got shutdown for a week or 2 .
 ogsiggy  renekai  realdonaldtrump what that basically endorses is the president is accountable to no one  he can u .
 mnnurse10  philiprucker  peterbakernyt  he s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting  was it in a nutshell  .
glad that dems showing spine amp  fighting back against rogue us ag barr trump can tweet his butt off but the report wi .
 hustler chitown i seen it at byron dragway a lot  they had a long shutdown road the fast cars loved  lot of jet ca .
 tv9bharatvarsh it is temporary shutdown  bahut negative headlines banate h bhai  .
 joeynocollusion  realhublife the context he provides is fantastic  how often does fake maga question or call out t .
jet airways  temporarily shutdown a setback for indian aviation  air india chief ashwani lohani .
so the whole state shutdown tomorrow  got it  .
 realdonaldtrump well  sir  it s april   amp over the past couple of weeks  they were supposed to be working on the bud .
 maggienyt the only things that can be asked b4 release of mueller report  was mueller shutdown  when did wh receiv .
well fuck     i m still sticking to the server having a mental shutdown joke  .
 momentsindia i pray for ur shutdown twitter in india    you must aquire huge losses in ur business in my nation .
 stefanhoth  tasomaniac  donnfelker there hasn t been an official kill  but they ve been signaling it  .
a duck and her 10 chicks sparked the shutdown of a stretch of highway in southeast austria on sunday  april 14  aft .
 lizerenity  girlsreallyrule  thunderheadfan i applaud fighting  but at some point they need to be smarter  trump i .
 toominatorkh13 had to have gotten it through rught before the shutdown .
 walkmooner1  binance  h o l o   holochain lol   go on telegram  they ban anyone who speaks negative about the futu .
question for the  actuallyautistic community    what do you do when you feel yourself on the verge of a meltdown shut .
im protecting my optimism  barr has orchestrated a shutdown of muellers investigation and has interfered with the .
 pseudofijian lol  those are shutdown hours .
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes .
 repadamschiff only things to know from barr and rosenstein if they speak before the full mueller report is release .
with the recent shutdown of many rom sites  it s hard to locate material to test the emulator with  there s a repo .
 wfaaweather still waiting after everything in the area including airlines shutdown  anything else  maybe warm up weather guessing classes.
my prof wouldnt even let a bomb threat campus shutdown get in the way of office hours  dude deserves a raise .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
wow  they helped end the government shutdown and now theyre speaking up on climate change  thank you  afa cwa .
fyi i think  foxnews should be  shutdown they re teaching our children how to be bully  specially the white kids   tmz  blacktwitter  cnn.
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us  via  businessinsider.
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
she is disappointed at what has happened to puerto rico as shutdown hits day 24 .
turf war shutdown  go team    splatoon2  nintendoswitch .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    24 hours tungod naa sa video pt namo unya among pc kay ga .
in us fed doj  incitement of distrust in us fed doj by house democrat amp socialist officers continuing pattern obstruc .
 or meh me turnup has no off days sis   oya lets go shutdown .
easy way to add a hardware shutdown button to an rpi w other stuff on the i2c ports  get a pc power button like thi .
 caddiechris814  kxthxryne  psptroopnpio  sherrygrey speaking of history  i m going to visit an anniversary celebra .
fan theory  joker stole the nintendo servers heart but accidentally killed the shadow     so now the servers are expe .
 camjordan94  br nfl  atlantafalcons blame it on the government shutdown lmfaoooooo.
 narendramodi .
 arashtogo  jondetrinis  derrick nola  chrisfolse yes  idaho   .
 morning joe it appears the sequence of events tomorrow could lead to a nationwide shutdown  is this a probable rea .
 bennyjuarez2805  benshapiro how s this for an answer   .
 gigi carolyn  benshapiro well start with this    gives context    .
another turn off the  equalization tap  for the new ucp government in alberta  who the hell are these quebec hypocr .
 katie4571  benshapiro oh   and trump claiming he knows more than anyone about everything  including isis  healthca .
 jgee24 losing to bills   getting shutdown by ravens   and losing on primetime 3 times didn t help.
 arashtogo  jondetrinis  derrick nola  chrisfolse     my bad  it was idaho.
 ghostblackcyber ya allah bimbinglah kami dengan inayah taufik dan hidayah mu melawan tirani kezoliman mereka jatuh .
 dekebarron think hes shown hes just not a shutdown guy and better suited in the 7th 8th inning role than closing.
 10ef101jerry  sposfanatic  benshapiro wow  you guys ate really scrutinizing his answer     you must go bonkers parsi .
down with banda shutdown general strike   it s a free country  nobody has the right to curb other s freedom of move .
 nicklaroberts  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump all criminal trails led not to trump  but to the clintons  insta shutdown .
 yrliam  i was using a sub on fringe and once i got my ar out  it was a shutdown  mid map is my territory .
 sflcat  benshapiro pretty judgey of you      what of this scam   .
yet kd gets shutdown by patrick beverley but we criticize lebron    .
 lawrence  thelastword the only things i want to know prior to the release of the full mueller report if low barr  amp  .
 its gtdawg  razorwidget  benshapiro like trump   .
 razorwidget  benshapiro oh   about trump  he runs a negative charitable balance    .
 empowertexans  tedcruz who is talking about partisan politics   the cubano rafaelo and his shutdown shit  .
the servers are experiencing a mental shutdown   .
 mikehowardsr  benshapiro my gift to you is to take your charitable donation and spend it on myself    trump   .
 rogthornhill  benshapiro like this   .
 ltima hora   video  ee uu  anuncia nuevas sanciones contra el banco central de venezuela  bcv   el organismo de l .
sara nelsons work with the flight attendents union is so impressive  concrete ways of demonstrating the impact of .
 coachbru  benshapiro like this sort of fraud   .
rpt update 4 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  .
proving that online website displays ads are a dying thing  adsense biggest competitor  chitika is shutting down th .
 og guardianmega  benshapiro certainly not anything so genius as this    .
 gsfusionist  benshapiro sorta like this     .
 avalstreet  benshapiro sorta like trump creating a fake charity to buy stuff        .
 dean lusheng  benshapiro .
 laurahblake  thesicilybiker  benshapiro genius    create a charity to scam people   .
 repteddeutch  princessbravato could barrs presser just be to delay the mueller report release until the end of th .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
 corbin eng  benshapiro .
 guypbenson  benshapiro .
 benshapiro .
 spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 kingdomchristie  spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 senschumer  senatemajldr this is a common tactic out of mcconnell s play book  uses it all the time to thwart demo .
 buckycook325  spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 jonniecandito  spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 repcummings the only things i want to know from low barr or rosenstein if they speak prior to release of full muel .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
wtf     damn it nintendo    get your shit together   you don t shutdown the servers on the day you release a new ch .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision   nj spotlight .
 incindia how demonetization was connected with unemployment     was those illegal entities in which ppl were working .
 cs00582sc  potus immigration and all asylum needs shutdown.
 chasepletcher4 yep  they were great at forcing turnovers  but not a shutdown defense .
ban and shutdown  facebook  most unethical organization ever  starting at the very top  huge win for the world for .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
i m on the phone with the president of nintendo telling him that smash ultimate is selling so many copies the serve .
advisory from ngcp  emergency shutdown of ngcps mabinay bayawan 69kv t l today  april 17       dumaguete.
jazz dumb as hell  you wanna beat the rockets let harden get his 50pts and shutdown everyone else  dont let him get the 10ast .
 after  a chicago school shutdown  it was used as a location in the filming of the fugitive  that s about all you n .
 rmconservative  josh hammer border will get shutdown .
co casual sex dating during a school shutdown  like the one we saw the past couple days  we re kind of forced to pa .
i wont stop until i get shutdown  so if you hate me then you know what to do  until then i will keep striving for s .
 klmc39699369  captaincrooch they tried that during shutdown  pelosi tried to scoot across the pond and was grounde .
while one may philosophise about the ephemeral nature of business and the  shutdown of  jetairways  there are some .
 m8urnett  blowdart  hacks4pancakes  ericlaw nah  gopher died when  shutdown  yes  i did jus .
that s perfect  let freedom of the press  shutdown freedom of the press      .
            .
yes  i just started to advertise on twitter and all of a sudden it made shutdown  i think it s unfair  especially when i m in digital mar   .
 caribprz  mylogicalfamily  maddow  edanclay  repjerrynadler because honest people cant trust a lying thief who ch .
 tburnettwork i was searching about  avengers  on google  and right there were articles on google about avengers wi .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
hari ni baru dapat masuk site cdu unit buat site assessment selepas kejadian letupan tu  area yang tengah seal by d .
 realjameswoods liberals shutdown the mental institutions  so the whack jobs wind up dead  in prison  or on the str .
 caspd3v i thought airshou shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
this is how you know cherry is losing it    he thinks zaitsev is a forward playing defense  zaitsev is farrrr from .
shutdown mode in effect    turning everything off .
 najaegmint shutdown ajh law.
the  yankees badly needed to pick up a few wins against a terrible baseball team      nice job by happ to actually se .
 earningswithetnow   reliance industries will declare q4 earnings today  grms could improve slightly but refinery s .
sad day for the indian airline industry  jet privilege was one of the finest loyalty programs in india      india s j .
 saxmachine11  frntofficesport im sure ebersol bears some of the responsibility  i wont deny that  im not sure u .
just having two cups a complete shutdown of stealing  you ve earned this .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
if this is great and gets constantine d after those early shutdown reports  i m gonna be really mad      also get .
jet headed for a crash landing in today s trade  lenders  refusal to refuel the cash starved carrier with emergency .
lucky for me  i have to wait to download smash ver 3 0 so i don t have to be blocked by server shutdown     joker  you ll be mine soon .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men .
 vinodkapri  aviation sector      airlines companies    airindia     .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 mattocko agree overall  but conventl  nuclear does have some exposure  in heat waves  warmer water can t cool reactor  requiring shutdown.
the servers had a mental shutdown.
malmang kinapagod ko sa shutdown na yon tapos tres lang pala grade hahaha.
thank you  airfrance for providing alternative flights because of shutdown of  jetairways.
 jason77leach  mikeservello  facebook  unplannedmovie yep  the war is real  total shutdown is the goal  but im not .
all you need to know  bqlive    temporary shutdown for jet airways    what to expect from mindtrees   amp  reliance indus .
kamusta naman holy week ko  nilalagnat masakit ang lalamunan  and most of all stand by kay sm  dahil shutdown ang s .
have you ever noticed that the dumocrats are satan  period  satan has been defeated  he is just too stupid to ackno .
this friday april 19th shutdown kingz    easter weekend     presents the return of  freaky fridays    freaky  .
 jamezietocool the servers had a mental shutdown .
 windows shutdown noise  .
                              .
 yecjji  nacnon shutdown bareng kak rapven .
 manukaushik  jetairways when  kfa downed operations i had a return ticket amp few miles i got an email from them sayin .
  imminent shutdown 00 02 59  .
 gitana east  emptywheel very true  even most shared drives have been shutdown .
 arclight did that with a packaged roast with veggies on the weekend  came out well from the pressure cooker but bo .
truck drivers slow roll on i 44 sets stage for shutdown  .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
chicago hackers create dozens of fake accounts at car sharing service  car2go  have stolen a hundred cars in the la .
this is the end    russia prepares for global internet shutdown     poss     via  youtube.
 jetairways  jetairways   my wish is fulfilled today  it s happy moment to me  .
dc universe offers first look at  swampthing less than a day after production was halted  .
 jetairways bankrupt and shutdown but sp is 240  something seriously wrong .
all picard had to do was tell the main computer to delay shutdown 1 minute or something    well then they wouldnt .
woe this is not good at all   im in west virginia and know about how the coal mines help a lot economy here  plus h .
 tea4gunssc  inthekeyofwhy  o side special  andrewpollackfl  dloesch  nra well you certainly escalated things quick .
 mcrobr  ninjaeconomics and without his labor  amp  capital that massive auto plant in fremont ca    shutdown by gm  amp  .
 aoc i fucking hate doomsday scenarios   government always use them to assert more power and remove my liberties  w .
 ryujindt  nacnon shutdown law.
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
throughout zdeno charas career  i have always said  his two greatest assets have been playing shutdown defense  an .
what the h    are they doing on vacation       didn t they have enough vacations during the govt  shutdown      .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov sensin     shutdown your gates  disperse your best of the best border patrol to .
the border should be shutdown for good.
someone should features waterfalls around lake garden         there s 1 big one  newer   but shutdown for maintenance.
i really like watching  kyrieirving play   that dude will shutdown a 4th quarter    uncledrew.
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  .
 jkempenergy  dankeberhart we already shutdown supply to koch refineries  koch has to use only oil from venezuela.
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now  via  youtube.
whaaatt     when this man started wearing chains    .
remember anitha  snowlin and asifa for they are no more     remember mugilan and sanjiv for they have been bound and .
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now    followformore  videos      .
 asked what happened didnt it shutdown.
pa shutdown na phone ko.
 tonyschwartz barr shutdown the iran contra affair  what were you expecting .
 nationalvolunteermonth  lindsay  a federal employee who came to volunteer when she was furloughed during the gover .
when brett gardner was up w the bases loaded i was like plz do something to shutdown the gardner haters on twitter .
 narendramodi   respected pm     sir  jet airways shutdown all the operations since last night    can you please make .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
or  how you shouldve behaved during the government shutdown  .
the only nightclub in a town north of brisbane has shut down   ahead of one of the busiest weekends of the year   a .
 jingoisticpulse  nevertooslow  thedaemonspawn  scottpresler .
 newshour can reporters ask barr if he shutdown muellers investigation  with all this evidence  amp  no recommendation .
 jacksplatertv  efucker123  armouredskeptic once again  didnt make a claim  only advocated that claims should be a .
 buckfox5  braves  arovizca47 what good is a shutdown closer when you cant bridge the gap from the starter without .
 jet airways crisis  jet airways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds  report    jetairways .
 darkstaranne aguuy shutdown gani jaon  gg.
 fbidenver thanks for your efforts to shutdown the state and arm our schools with no children attending  i hear she .
there are a  lot  of stories out re  today s school shutdown  this one  imho  by my colleague  chrisosher has some .
ikaw na nga nag shutdown ikaw parin ang mag start up ng planta  .
 cknw  canpoli  bcpoli  pnpcbc  pnpcbc  vassykapelos         you should read this     washington s .
the  jetairways shutdown has happened  naresh goyal gave so much to indian aviation  amp  developing an outstanding pro .
see a pattern   the man baby is so insecure he s ruined every holiday   christmas was his 35   day shutdown  now on .
would miles turner shutdown giannis.
 mshfutbol nice  i love how they shutdown the american princess .
 amstrix1  dcpoll  dsamuelsohn  politico ive been saying this too    i think he was shutdown.
 mlbbowman with some great  young talent locked up on team friendly contracts  liberty media needs to open the wall .
it s the time of year to make your summer vacation plans  our friends at  sevencornersinc discuss how trip insuranc .
zaitsev can t even make a simple pass up the boards  but babcock calls him a shutdown defender  lmfao  fuckin jokes .
this lady sick and shutdown and still lying   she got one foot in the grave and the other one on an oil slick  you  .
 beyerstein they only lost her because she wasn t let in on the charade  you see how she tried to shutdown  carlberstein.
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision   nj spotlight .
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now  via  youtube.
wow  amazing   extinction rebellion sacrifices being arrested for non violent disruption protesting to get govt to .
 debbie fearon amazing shutdown of that outbreak .
 johngizzi  newsmax the guy whose charity foundation was shutdown due to funds being misused  lmao.
 sonusood  jetairways it should happen  maximum of indian s are travelers but why all the transport industries are .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
if the media makes the press on this whole shit as bad as the shutdown   then you re doing your part     it s the onl .
the shutdown of a helpline that s been crucial to some expectant and new mothers is conjuring reaction from the med .
the shutdown of a helpline that s been crucial to some expectant and new mothers is conjuring reaction from the med .
biglang nag shutdown yung laptop.
google play artist hub shutting down april 30 w  google no longer offering direct portal for smaller musicians        .
so it appears that  onlyinbos has been shutdown for copyright rules   and that sucks     i enjoyed their tweets and l .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 asimo3089 hey asimo  i just bought the throw a party thing on a server and right when i bought it  something appea .
critics slam psegs nuclear shutdown notice on eve of subsidy decision   whyy .
kada shutdown sa on gusto ako papuntahin dun hahahahaha.
 espn just shutdown the rest of the league  youre mnf doesnt leave the east coast  you unveil the afc east  you w .
devens playing shutdown defense here at tribal 1  survivor.
nikita zaitsev has been on the ice for 9 of 11 bruins goals this series  muzzin 8  and this is the  shutdown  pair of babs choosing .
shutdown inning do do do doo doo     sfgiants .
watching with interest  if not hacked then why the technical shutdown  details not available yet  .
 marypcbuk ah then there would be a bug too since it s always after shutdown while on ac when it happens  drivers m .
 renderuntog2 it was just directed at the wrong target  it is the very online orthodox of all nations that need a c .
1 3 the iq levels on the  holo telegram reflect on the whole project  this was not said as a joke  lol people get .
 mindymoretti there was a  in the texas panhandle therefore everything in the dfw metro 400km to the southeast shu .
dc universe reportedly not in danger despite swamp thing shutdown    .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown .
 kellyot yesterday i just fell asleep on the couch before 8pm  stress overload led to shutdown.
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now  via  youtube.
 meetthepress excellent  so dems have suggested held out where they want to spend immigration money   so they are c .
 maddow  repjerrynadler barr shutdown mueller  mueller is a loyal employee to doj  hell trump owns doj now  he migh .
to set hostname        echo    sudo tee  etc hostname  sudo shutdown  r now       to turn off se .
zaitsev and hainsey are so incredibly useless as a pk tandem  yet babs even swears by them as his shutdown pair in .
pirate offense just going to fold up and go into shutdown mode now .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
  nbcnews reports on how the government shutdown has exacerbated the case backlog and led to scheduling mistakes wi .
for the record  i apologize to any albanian orthodox i offended by saying  shutdown   that was a lame american cult .
air traffic controllers  whose ranks are already at a 30 year low  are feeling the strain of the government shutdow .
alexandria ocasio cortez torches trump for shutdown in first house floor speech .
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale ofcarrier .
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale ofcarrier .
shutdown inning  sweet  lets add on .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 cvtiger 94 although im not advocating for it  only thing that could top this is if jimbo followed him  texags might shutdown.
 therakiking  kioyaki  bizantini i apologize for anyone i offended by saying  shutdown   it was a lame joke based o .
 tigerpaw743  alphalobsternyc  brianstelter no trump put his foot down and said  wall  chuck and nancy walked away  .
 ilmforg the only way we will get our useless politicians to fix  o is to shutdown the border unti .
new single and album on the government shutdown   snl via .
the man responsible for a long government shutdown because he alone stood in the way of a senate vote that would have resolved the issue .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss      ekrem imamoglu.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
when tik tok dies do you think young kids will reminisce about it like we did when vine shutdown .
 repleezeldin oh thats what deeply troubles you not the lying cheating kid caging con man we have for a presiden .
kenya airways flight to johannesburg cleared for take off as temporary shutdown lifted  .
one of the real mvp s of the  nhlplayoffs every year is  ronmacleanhth  every shift he s up against one of the bigg .
need a shutdown frame from ja happ right here  keep the deficit at two runs .
 more than half a million public school students were off today  not because of weather  but because of an 18 year .
why does something so simple have to be triggering  like do you guys ever just start the day right then all of a su .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews now thriving bethlehem   wtf  conmantrump are you trying to take credit for economic deve .
 thaantagonyst  wwepc  garzaajr  swerveconfident  kushida 0904  wwe205live  gogoach as much as  205live is the real .
still fuck wit kodak but i know how to differentiate kid moves and grown man moves .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
 kylegriffin1  smilingoutloud2 this is the tip off of the shut mueller shutdown.
mugs say he wasnt being disrespectful but the man aint been dead 10mins and u go on live talking bout how youd g .
check out my latest article  liberia  foreign ministry shutdown until  via  linkedin.
i hate this so much  circuses should be shutdown everywhere forever  idc  .
 repjerrynadler  betsyoshea trump had barr to shutdown the  muellerinvestigation.
trump had barr to shutdown the  muellerinvestigation       news  daily  wednesdaywisdom  climatechange  muellerreport .
barr s history of this type of thing got him hired  he shutdown the  muellerinvestigation     news  daily .
the shutdown in colorado today is proof that guns are a right  amp  children being safe in their schools is a privilege .
boro park  a cyclist was killed today after being hit by a truck on 17 ave and 47 st  the street is now shutdown  .
nip had a hunned gs buried in the ground and it got molded  had hella respect in one of the most dangerous areas  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
another shutdown inning for wheeler in bottom 5th  red devils take a 2 1 lead over lakers to the 6th .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mcconnell is solely responsible for allowing trump to shutdown the government for over .
real niggas know he a kid and he move outta pocket but that shit he do aint g lol he stir more shit up  amp  if you vi .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 amp  when have you heard bout bruh giving back or leading a march to help black ppl   but that man gone get yall love like yall know em .
 jessemedscience bruins really need kuraly back asap  hes a c factor  can play shutdown role.
sorry to know .
 5 star review from anonymous .
niggas be 25  rallying behind kodak lol nigga aint but 21 blew up when he was 16    he made it out that struggle still a kid .
ahf praises majority of house democrats for backing rep  doggett s drug pricing bill   associated press .
from lay summaries to patient engagement programmes  how patient centricity is finally becoming a reality   pmlive .
 edkrassen the trump foundation was shutdown.
 adamgertler  dcmovienewslive well i think i saw a report on  slashfilm saying that the early shutdown isn t invici .
 tommyjoemartins  fgspeedway and then try to petition to get the airport shutdown because the jets are too loud bec .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump mitch is the most dangerous man in our country  he has blocked more legislation than e .
all right  cubs got 1  shutdown inning needed .
 xvvv ra system shutdown.
icookfoods has re opened after being shutdown by health authorities    but under new control measures  it says it s .
 derekmears the teaser looks amazing  sucks about the shutdown though  you as swamp thing looks amazing .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
  joshuatreenps suffered during the recent government shutdown  people driving off road  illegal campfires  human w .
 untv  ltfrb  nagdagdag ng mga bus na aayuda sa pasaherong apektado ng mrtshutdown .
 untv  ltfrb  nagdagdag ng mga bus na aayuda sa pasaherong apektado ng mrtshutdown .
 untv  ltfrb  nagdagdag ng mga bus na aayuda sa pasaherong apektado ng mrtshutdown .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 housedemocrats cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown via  freebeacon .
the lion king and other trailers that raise questions forus .
 lbc i don t think there s life after death but i do wonder how drawn out death may be with the research released t .
 superbobb neither  twitter shutdown.
jet shutdown  mismanagement no doubt  with due to respect to  ashwanilohani   airindiain is no one to talk of misma .
 emzzy e broooo  this wan na shutdown.
 andrewfeinberg  realdonaldtrump remember during the shutdown when the dems went on vacation and trump stayed behin .
ever since that1 website i used to rely on to watch anime shutdown nothing has been the same.
 sethisnotmyname they should subpoena something daily  hold hearings 3x a week in different committees  and get the .
 repjerrynadler  emptywheel it s   thebarrreport    barrcoverup    barrobstruction    releasethefullmuellerreport  mu .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown .
shutdown causes federal employees mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill  .
 delila cain as a child both my parents used tears to manipulate me  i have such a complex w tears  even to this da .
 3dprinting phil  barnacules  joeltelling  ppaukstelis  chuckhellebuyck  quirijneps  capondesign  vr oasis .
easter travel chaos fears as 7 5 million plan bank holiday staycation amid rail shutdown across britain that could .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
oh no  trouble in paradise   nk tested a new weapon but thats not possible  is it  i mean trump and supporters kee .
 muellerinvestigation was stopped  shutdown by trump via  barrcoverup          there is no finished report     just .
if federal employers want to attract the best and the brightest to government service  then the pay and  benefits w .
 deadgamenews xbox 360 shutdown memories.
 pabasketdweller  carpedonktum doesn t change the facts republicans had control 2 yrs  trump signed 1 trillion pork .
istanbul dispatch  arab exiles sound off freely in istanbul even as turkey muffles its owncritics .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
 muellerinvestigation was stopped  shutdown by trump via  barrcoverup      there is no finished report     just  barrmumbojumbo     maddowblog.
 workbrightnz hi  we encouraged customers to file before today in anticipation of the shutdown  however you can sti .
 riegodeyes literally gets shutdown in the playoffs and cant use his left hand even though he shoots with it .
 acr poker did the server shutdown last night  early this morning  have anything to do with pulling bits out of tou .
russia prepares for global internetshutdown  .
 stephenasmith  sportscenter  espnnba  nbatv  trailblazers  kdtrey5  kingjames  nba  realskipbayless  undisputed .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion   to .
trump can pay for government shutdown .
 nash076 i get that  but just because theyve shutdown production  doesnt mean its cancelled  its just a shorten .
halah realcount ga kredibel  shutdown tv media bayaran   wkwkwk akal sehatnya dimana coba  macqueen yaquhen  aja ni .
mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelati     via  youtube.
 fava pelosi has been fantastic  i 100  guarantee you that if seth moulton was speaker  democrats would have folded .
 anton grandettv mof i am still friends with one of the members and stayed in contact with most of them for years a .
 maxhenzell10 baitfc shutdown .
as if anyone trusts doj now     bullsh1t    whatever pompeo was doing in latin america  ie   see also  92m to colombia .
shutdown those companies and make them clean the  earth   .
 official pia what about malaysia  simply shutdown operation from malaysia to pakistan   people have to pay more  amp  h .
 conanexiles so are servers down no one can get in 3597 what s going on this server shutdown thing i ridiculous i am in the middle of a raid.
 jordan stratton  thatssozak good news though is this year is extremely tough for irs after the shutdown so you can .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men   bored p .
three days and counting  we re going strong despite massive police intervention and will stay as long as it takes  .
 kaitlancollins you and your colleagues need to ask questions about why mueller isn t the one having a press confer .
wow a shutdown inning no way.
and she slammed the throttle to one hundred percent and yanked back on the stick and let her forward thrust transla .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
metro to shut down several blue  yellow line stations  heads up  if you live or work in northern virginia  a massiv .
 kruger626 this is true but what would bother me is the offense was shutdown .
damn everyone shutdown whats really going on    .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov its called shutdown the border  issue amnesty for daca people  rewrite the immig .
ooof  almost the entire laptop screen blacked out on me just now     after a forceful shutdown and reboot it seems t .
alt right plans burning quran and using blackface to help re elect senator fraser anning     i hope a labor governmen .
drivers have their say in shutdownpostmortem  .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
 redsand2  jetairways seeks rs 400 crore from lenders to avoid shutdown   via indiatimes .
 nycsouthpaw if he got shutdown would he have been able to say so .
end 3  james wood 1  warren county 0  wood s bell with a shutdown inning in b3  wildcats down in order.
 mollyjongfast where s mueller  why are you having a press conference before the report is released  was mueller shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  engadget.
 cherylblozz  cw riverdale i understand that completely cause kevin is my favorites beside betty  i honestly wish t .
mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelati     via  youtube.
 teapainusa probably was told to keep his mouth shut after being shutdown.
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   .
i will say this for internet drama within a video game community microcosm  it brings people out of the woodwork  t .
anyone notice the uptick in recalled foods since the very stupid government shutdown  seems the media is giving tru .
 paganonimdphd  us fda did anyone ask about the guidance document   we were told fall 2018  then first of the year  .
for nigeria to be a great nation the house of senate must be completely shutdown ministerial appointments reduced  amp  .
this anticlimate politicians sacrifice the planet for their own interests  more climate policy shutdown  .
 stuborngirlgeek  aracnephobia  aidatrazos te paso artculos por si te sirven    de  mundoaspergerr .
 titansfilmroom  checktheresume  adoreeknows look man  you can t pretend this is what he s known for  adoree has no .
 adamtuss  hakunawmata  nbcwashington my apologies for using the wrong letter  however  the summer long shutdown of .
mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelati     via  youtube.
   shutdown .
 cesheg tambin influy lo del shutdown  no  ahi empezaron a tener menos personal .
 thesewphist we are committed to delivering the best digital services to our customers  and email forwarding simply .
after today s uk shutdown of wifi in  some   tube stations    intended to thwart climate protesters   my fb has sev .
 nycsouthpaw it seems pretty clear he was shutdown.
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  car2go suena a cartago tratando de lle .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  engadget.
 lantip ngisin2ke waris iki mas     rasah ngoding wae     lgsg shutdown server wae neg iki   .
 ellisrpaine  seandoy91900849  staceydash hahaha oh so trump was the only president during a government shutdown an .
video   if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   .
 caitoz chris cuomo is a joke  a corporate stenographer     i remember when he framed his questions in a sanders inte .
shutdown gyud ko gabie ba .
 car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 nycsouthpaw mueller got shutdown.
shutdown alert   international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th april primoloungear .
shutdown alert   international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th april primoloungear .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
shutdown alert   international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th april primoloungear .
recently  chinese officials shut down the shouwang church  a house of worship for reportedly over 1 000 christians .
 swamp thing  teaser trailer surfaces amid rumors of the show shutting down  .
farrand road and peppertree lane planned shutdown is complete  full water service has been restored.
 microsoft just got the best robo scam call ever     i m calling from microsoft refund center  we are calling becau .
 nigrum ultor guy  this is beyond gift  its like they declared it shutdown season  wow .
 riku3d  teniendo en cuenta que eres mid  segurameeeente juegues campeones tirando a hechiceros  porque dudo que un .
 mimirocah1  mcdeereusa  jedshug  ericcolumbus  emptywheel  nycsouthpaw  rgoodlaw  renato mariotti  harrysandick .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
 hheyah  berniesanders  stargirrlllll i gave the examples  california trying to implement pronoun laws   amp  places li .
 marisakabas  chrislhayes  speakerpelosi has been failing  yes  she did well on the shutdown fight  that alone is i .
 bryonnajones  rethinkorange  wtg4gateau if any clinic allows that to happen they need to be reported  shutdown  st .
car2go   amp  39 fraud amp  39  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 hiyarn  seandoy91900849  staceydash like with the government shutdown  or when mccain voted down repealing the aca .
  swampthing  mattryanreal.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
from boom to bust  an iconic brand faces a shut down   nramind there are huge lessons for 140 yr  the hindu brand f .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
i had the exact same thought just nowuntil i remembered that bootleg  non sotu  speech in the oval office during t .
 tkfoodsafety that s an argument worth talking out  there s no need for a curt and frankly patronising shutdown of the conversation .
 neeceetx i mourn the impending shutdown of your account    .
 mickey mccauley  theplumlinegs  chrislhayes  benjysarlin  natesilver538  daveweigel the problem with the first par .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking     gadget  technology.
 jamesdcurry vs drink the coffee dreamer side   all us nukes are at risk today to be shutdown but maybe 40   that m .
the wreck has shutdown traffic in both directions near mile marker 858 on i 10 in orange county  .
 dufffan1987  lukeh475  xbox    and most disc games require a  day one  update to work online even with a disc  so .
 chillingmovies not much instagram is on a shutdown again.
another building power shutdown at 3 30 so i guess early start to the long weekend for us .
 etterwolf15 lol the rumor of the shutdown is entirely based on swamp thing getting cut short  which it could be fo .
 bgannon97 any and everything that could be possibly wrong with those 4 stations  and the tracks in between  should .
 chiminorobin  joncoopertweets  tweetzydeetzy  flotus has   plagerized  michelleobama  chain migrated parents  fake ph .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video     extinctionrebellion    .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
 iamwill trying to send email through your website   but catcpa is shutdown.
they way they reason is another fascination of mine  maria  here is my precious gift and you can kill me  too lol  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  circleboom.
 govmurphy  your explanation for poison coming from keegan landfill is unacceptable   nothing else will sufice  we .
i just want to go back living off coding minecraft plugins  would love to create things like auto scrim schedulers .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify   .
 beezerism  st0ckm0nster yep    the us government shutdown didnt help that.
 cnn like nancy vacationing in hawaii during the government shutdown    keep believing they care about the people at the bottom .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors .
 uraniumcranium  yrs old and a stellar performer   a high cost design change for 4 channels of appendix r cables ki .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
 myanc thugs posing a  shutdown demand marlboro gautrain station renamed alexadra station  they collapsed idp in ma .
i would love to know what links there might be  if any  between dc universe s comic library update and the purporte .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  va  engadget.
shutdown projects which will instill a vote of confidence in motor voters and moorish voters trying to capitalize o .
two days before it learns whether its nuclear plants will win lucrative subsidies  pseg nuclear filed notices with .
 decision2019   gurung is presently absconding as the west bengal police have slapped several cases on him  includi .
fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking .
traffic alert  we are working a two vehicle crash at w main st  amp  n 5th st  eb w main st is shutdown after a truck s .
local officials in communities surrounded by  publiclands criticized elizabeth warren s proposal to shutdown oil an .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking  .
engadget  car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking    car2go s rental service just suffered .
 cadilackhee leafs get past boston  theyre winning the stanley cup  toronto shutdown  raps shouldve swept  already fucked up .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  ric9871ric  retweet  pleaseretweet .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   transportation  internet  security  services  chicago  rentals.
lil bro shutdown indian u    like dat    the coming     .
 edusg  sgteachers  weareteachers add to the list a heart of steel  lightning fast brain  all seeing eyes  sub huma .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 fraud  caused  chicago  shutdown  not  hacking   security.
new post from engadget rss feed   car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  .
 datarade  themechanicnm you have to agree to give them a percentage of your profits   pinkberry wasnt giving them .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  engadget.
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  car2go s rental service just suffered what appears to be a ma .
one thing that stands out on the oregon depth chart this year is how deep and talented the secondary is  lots of le .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 car2go  chicago car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
cuando finalmente y luego de 14 das le das  shutdown .
 jacobfromage  danijrm  redmercy she s not that hard to shutdown amd her dmg isn t as nuts as kassadin at 16.
dcs live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
my life is on force shutdown mode rn.
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   .
dcs live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown .
 taylorcava  dodgerames  bluestone356  charmcitypanda  dczoowalks that can t be true  because i always look up ther .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
here s your guide to avoiding 20 minute wait times during the partial l train shutdown  .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes  .
vineland neeraj new jersey police department has claimed they permanently shutdown their operations and beacon  and .
 peterbakernyt  markmazzettinyt  maggienyt  npfandos  ktbenner ahhh   so emmett flood and his hiring of 17 lawyers .
effective immediately the dot is doing a hard shutdown of i 29 there is to be no vehicles other than dot and their .
 donnfelker we switched  i was perfectly happy with play music  but the impending shutdown forced a choice  went wi .
dcs live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown  .
  govwhitmer as a former michigander  midland  i am appalled that you are breaking your campaign promise and reopen .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
 nashvillepastor  lioncross1  mrsperrin  bryanriggs  ppfa pp remains funded during a shutdown .
 brendasisson3  soloyochapin  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  potus rrump had to shutdown his charity because they used .
 truthsp3ak i fear a shutdown  too  heeeeyyyyy  that s a good  questionforbarr  dontcha think .
um jogo tenso para a nossa equipa  ftwesports   mas a conseguir um shutdown preciso no mid laner dos  splycevipers .
 lifenewshq  lioncross1  mrsperrin  bryanriggs  ppfa but he still signed the bills  he could have not signed them  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
 jeremy d smith1  adamtuss  nbcwashington it was revealed that  wmata decided that shutdown was easier for riders t .
apparently california has an abundance of pigs      garbage  feces take toll on national parks amid shutdown    .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
litchfield shutdown  .
massive picks from  ftwesports with 1450 shutdown gold going over to  own3rtcam on hecarim   eumasters      .
 mikedemarais  joonian  tcrpartybot feels like a copyright shutdown.
extinction rebellion shutdown london .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  .
 zbcnewsonline don t forget another shutdown.
 anniekatherine  dloesch i believe your anger here is misplaced as dana is not the individual to cause a shutdown o .
tj cox spent over  12k on catering during gov shutdown at fancy dc restaurant      the spending represented more th .
 tommilleruk well i think thats entirely different proposition  given that tube workers striking are striking over .
miranda hearn puts together a clean shutdown frame in the bottom of the 5th  but syracuse still trails by 3  kaiser .
is it easter yet      the easter monday shutdown  mckennas  5 days to go enjoy x  djolamelody mc lagosboy                   .
 v max  ursamajr  sfm 42  aoc did she ever  help the saudis cover up a murder  hide her tax returns  stick up for p .
 dabberchap  tnewtondunn operation shutdown is nothing to do with extinction rebellion  they are a group of bereave .
drivers have their say in shutdown postmortem .
 dellannoelle and  wmata chose shutdown instead of single track because its easier for riders to understand .
 jack w002  benmffowler  poetgambler  extravagazdag  angelabelcamino  aoc proof  that is an intellectualy dishonset .
poll  as a  wmata rider  i understand the difference between shutdown and single track .
 dcmetrosucks and the icing on the cake   wmata decided to shutdown instead of single track because its easier for riders to understand .
 blake hitch14 we got quinn for the dazzling offense  juolevi will anchor our shutdown defense  i like the balance .
 themadrush funny is government was on shutdown over easter weekend all you liberals would be in a tiffy about reop .
 connor sliney truth does hurt that is why  holo had my medium account shutdown   they don t want naive fools to kn .
 toryandgilianny  dustinkensrue i feel like the point is that there is a culture of racism that doesnt shutdown th .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
also  god  i don t want to imagine what michael will be going through when he realizes the reason for the protocol .
jet airways to temporarily shut operations      jetairwayscrisis     .
siemens has released the updates for the s7 1500 software controllers that must be installed before june 10th  as o .
 larryfisher kdc  derek n nhl youre most probably right  i just personally think shutdown defenders dont have roo .
there is no subway service between osgoode and bloor yonge due to a power shutdown     here s how these failures affe .
notre dame  trump  volkswagen  your tuesdaybriefing .
 nbcnews ask him if he used his notes from the shutdown of iran contra to protect ghwb and reagan as reference .
the ttc says service on line 1 is down between osgoode and bloor yonge stations due to a power shutdown .
 5 of the series       greschenthaler and i met up at the library of congress and covered everything from the governm .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
temporary  shutdown tragic  jobloss treachorous  hardships shame on  culprits  jetairwayscrisis  jetairways .
this is another reason why the public school system needs a total shutdown  restart in a couple years after  major .
 jackkel32329471  aoc and ive read them  theyre political  but well all get a chance to find out because even if .
ayokong nakakarinig ng enemy godlike legendary kaya shutdown ka sakin.
frequent power shutdown in  bengaluru for last two days  especially in  bangalorecentral and  bangalorenorth ls con .
latest   swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
just as the board of public utilities is about to decide whether pseg nuclears three plants in south jersey merit .
remember yellow and blue line riders      wmata decided to shutdown for the summer because its easier for you to und .
  reptjcox during the shutdown   this shutdown is unnecessary  dangerous  and wrong       also .
update  swamp thing reveals its hero in new promo after production shutdown  via  joblocom.
 realdonaldtrump how about the 2020 budget while they re at it     another shutdown        becoming an unacceptable r .
 realdonaldtrump  sjvet45 time to shutdown the fbi  if not  they are bound to do it again regardless if there are prosecutions .
 brhodes as long as trump s hurting the  right  people  that s all his minions care about .
via  freebeacon  cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  via  freebeacon .
 fordnation a bit of a stretch  even for  fordnation  isn t it  where s the context  how much does opp spend on gas .
new post  what the google  security flaw and expedited shutdown mean for enterprise users  techrepublic   has been .
cps america inverters now ul certified for rapid shutdown  .
stage 2 shutdown   in orbit  nasa tv needs to work on its antares graphic  still showing fairing attached among other things.
 sfmta muni yes  but i wasnt aware the 6s service  maybe 43 as well   would be so severely negatively impacted by .
second stage shutdown for the  northropgrumman  antares  now in a 2 minute coast phase prior to separation of the  cygnus  ng11 cargo craft .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  .
new  ahead of massive summer metro shutdown on blue and yellow lines  metro leaders say the braddock road station i .
castor 30xl shutdown  altitude 205 km   antares  cygnus  ng11  nasa  northropgrumman.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
oh good  wb basically called an audible  cut out episodes and shutdown production  all in an effort to  re evaluate .
longer version of yesterday s tweets  .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown   maga  trumptrain  kag  tcot  2a.
darjeeling  as hills vote  bimal gurungs abandoned home reminder of 2017 gorkhaland shutdown  .
main engine shutdown and stage separation confirmed   ng11  antares  cygnus .
linux       sudo shutdown  h   sudo .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans   nzpol.
antares ng 11  1st stage engine shutdown  stage separation confirmed  vehicle now in a brief coast  awaiting igniti .
first stage shutdown and separation   antares  cygnus  ng11  nasa  northropgrumman.
 mkraju  alliemalcnn ask about the scope of the mueller investigation and did it change  shrink or expand      was th .
 reedm the 6 and 43 are alternate service routes that customers with accessibility needs can use to get to ucsf  th .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
rt boredpanda  someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surroundin .
the north pole is moving  and the shutdown means we arent keeping up .
 tds  classicfm973 hi  fybloom  please can you slot in joe s  where you at  before you shutdown  i ll buy a ticket if you play it  .
i am of the view that africa has left on it s hotspot and the western world has been notified that the african s ho .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men  men .
 casuallyroving possibly  i figured that the shutdown earlier this year threw things off  but not hearing anything .
 unocoin unocoin will going to shutdown service in india  is it true     unocoin.
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men  men .
 waqarey  saji sajid01 han iss waja se import business kabi shutdown nahi hoga    but local business ko boost zarur .
  drewgodinich  c mon  man  get out of there   ca21  freedrew .
 anthemgame so how long till bioware is shutdown .
 paul bernier   derek n nhl spence will be more flashy and thus probably catch more eyes  but the eyes of nhl scout .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc       shutdown         listen on spotify               .
bolingbrook   1100 blk of w boughton   accident with injuries  2 medic response  boughton is shutdown both directions .
 juliadavisnews this is the most backward admin in us history  next up  donald j trump is ordering the complete an .
 cnnpolitics the question you should be asking is  who is andrew weissmann    mueller is just the face of the opera .
 .
vintage  lockouttagout posters in the main sub mcc in this shutdown  .
a new teaser revealed the first look at  swampthing amid rumors of a production shutdown  .
 thedailybeast as though it was a sure thing  she would have been an embarrassment  remember the foundation that was shutdown .
mann i d be lying  since that internet shutdown i haven t seen anything or been on social media  insta  snapchat  amp  .
5 days to shutdown  to praise  to pray  to give love  to reflect on life and build friendship  lets go .
who s here more now because of the g plus shutdown  .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 fred guttenberg and sad that this young woman who was clearly not well got no help  someone asked how one woman co .
smell or see smoke   200 acre fire named  dcorsica causes the shutdown of hwy 407  homes nearby  authorities are mon .
 larryfisher kdc  derek n nhl agree  but he is foremost a shutdown d  and with harley hell have a lot of ice to co .
cps america inverters now ul certified for rapid shutdown .
di ko na alam  shutdown muna ako .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  a group   sagagist.
 desmond1battle  rob lowder he didn t run a huge number of routes  got shutdown by talented corners.
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
 almostjingo um  wadr  on a simular topic   someone  exposed fb as darp  about a month ago   then there was this shutdown   .
how to create a slide to shutdown feature for a windows 10 pc  .
trump shutdown  weak holiday sales  bad weather dampens jan consumer debt growth  .
 gcrta will there be buses replacing the red line west since it is shutdown from 4 7pm .
i ve never seen a shutdown  whataburger location before today  the brightest white is where all the orange use to be  rip.
please also be aware that staff located at dhb sites should contact their local site manager for confirmation of an .
 realdonaldtrump there not going to help with nothing  you already know that  build wall  shutdown border.
 davideakins7  betoorourke you support a morally bankrupt president who ran a scam charity that was forced to shutd .
 bilyeu m  amber athey  mcarsonaos those circuit courts are worthless and need to be shutdown  they don t follow th .
 14martinc  ytcreators i think they have been slowly hitting creators for months and months and it was just my turn .
if you need to obtain access to any facilities during the shutdown period you must seek written approval in advance .
i really hate sensational comic book youtube news    yeah swamp thing has been shutdown with its teaser just being .
 nobodyhere23  newgirllbianca  ryder kendra  snookerbastards how can you link to a shutdown instagram profile  oh  .
brevard county   correction to update  4     hwy 407 is shutdown   flfire.
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
brevard county   update  4  name of brush fire is d corsica  per fhp  hey 407 is shutdown until further notice  updates to follow   flfire.
we recognise there are many reasons you may wish to work  accessing university buildings over the official shutdown .
google announced the shutdown of google play music at the end of april in favor of youtube music  if you have any p .
but they won t shutdown or arrest his racist clan brothers  the ones who think and act like him  but if this were t .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
me trying to push some code changes to the finish line was a gamble today  anxiety levels seeing 0  battery life we .
jet airways shutdown in india from today.
 troniiq sithole  .
 camron28551  teamkellz1  serena39376455  curryshani  avftp1  sgcrimlaw  sakimfoxx  rkelly research is definitely a .
critics slam psegs notice of  nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision  what are your thoughts on pseg s filing .
oregon wants to protect workers in case of 2nd federal shutdown .
this is why the site had to be shutdown because the live album version on there was pretty much the same  and had b .
 ananavarro  ilhanmn we well remember shithole countries   fine people  who chant antisemitic chants  and run over .
dailypost ng   ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  .
 garbettformayor  ewarren yeah right  that is why she did so much to stand up for the protection of the national pa .
sometimes you have to just shutdown your surface book  1st edition  and let it rest for awhile  to let the weird behavior work itself out .
 pietilatx  ewarren yes  she really stood up and fought to protect the national parks during the extended governmen .
disappointing  millerrt that your publication   libraryjournal blocked the thousands who responded negatively to an .
 senoamadijorge  sthebeworldwide both.
 ikaneti  ewarren really   is that why congress did absolutely nothing to protect the national parks during the ext .
a jet engine tailpipe fire  also referred to as an internal fire  is one which occurs within the normal gas flow pa .
 rawstory  alberttlunde  senatemajldr  shutdown  mitch doesn t care            he s all about selling out to russia  .
out today  2019  proxy season analysis by  blaw s  securities expert  npeterrasmusse1 including interesting q1 2019 .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
ballgame over  the  mets get shutdown by jake arrieta this afternoon but make it very interesting in the 9th  this .
  thats zach but did you see any birds during the government shutdown   didnt think so      birdsareagovernmentconspiracy.
 sfmta muni why is the 6 haight parnassus so terribly impacted by the n judah shutdown  and was there warning about .
who thinks the federal government should be shutdown forever so we dont have to hear about these assholes anymore .
the southern border is unlikely to be shutdown  but a new tariff threat and timeline have been introduced to the sc .
 kareeeninaaa hahahahaha buhay kapa nyan ah  okay sana wag kang mag shutdown.
 pentyfuma it s awesome being painfully aware of all of your organs at all times because of the tiny  recurring tho .
2  years later  he s quoted in the shutdown notice as basically saying the game didn t make enough money  it makes .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over homicide of nscdc personnel a bunch  below the umbrella of coalition of .
 goibibo  jetairways jetairways announces its service shutdown but goibibo sents itenary and make me to believe st .
i promised myself i was gonna have a mental shutdown after our 2018 nf because it was clear as day that ieva was go .
 badjamjam a good couple months long maintenance shutdown might be in order   after all  these pipelines are old  .
cakeppp benerr apa gw bilang  ada indikasi akan diretas atau dihack  jadi lbh baik di shutdown dlu  nnt dibuka lg s .
  tessr not that it matters at this point  but  tammtran was getting a new passport at this point as well and we di .
arpa e should not ever be shutdown period    energy  darpa  arpae .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
 strmsptr  npr if you orient your political values around vengeance and resentment  it might be time to reevaluate .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  naija breakingnews  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel .
manchester city are really cursed when it comes to the champions league  last year they got knocked out by liverpoo .
due to inclement weather  ut dallas is closing for the remainder of the evening  this includes a total shutdown of .
those illegal aliens are bringing in disease and send them back when the fuck are we going to shutdown the borders now.
  ad20  bpdbryan  scobrad81  adorkablencute  aborderlinedad  helenmarchant9  jacobb1liam  dysonlife4real .
mercurial trump has made path out of shutdown much harder to find      .
the 11 year olds mother and sisters deportation was delayed because of the government shutdown   deportation   phot .
polling staff in srinagar  budgam  amp  ganderbal complained to me that no food items  not even water  is being provide .
would it kill them to put a nice steak and potato meal on their menu  clem asked  i mean  steak and potatoes is .
 moaningwaynes wb shutdown swamp thing.
great news  just got final numbers for our period product drive  amp  as we expected  we beat last year with 16k period .
this looks like democrats  opening salvo on the bill to avert a gov t shutdown after money runs out on 9 30  every .
 tatanthonyy  brandeeezy    abels1906 yah but then you have people voting against and government goes on shutdown lol .
the woman whose threats prompted a major shutdown of colorado schools today has been found dead according to author .
new uzi on apple music government shutdown time.
i polish a outbreak for infielder  shutdown  and carat.
 danieljohnsalt  daveatherton20 why dont we shutdown the  independent and ban it .
 dcuswampthing  thedcuniverse shutdown talks .
 dcuswampthing  thedcuniverse all this shutdown and look at this    pays to have patience.
 jilevin    for the turtle to run again  i guess people don t mind waiting for help if it helps their masters  kind .
if you take this survey  pay special attention to the question about what apps you use  metrohero is an option list .
ik luister sfb shutdown  lamik direct naar air gaan ofseuw.
are you impacted by the blue and yellow line shutdown south of dca this summer      if so  please take a minute to he .
business at mvenpick hotel shutdown as staff demonstrate over racist treatment .
me     everyone  hey man  i know we havent spoken in 16 years but you think i could get on the list for semester shutdown .
why cant we have a shutdown button .
massive extinction rebellion protest shuts down london  .
are you impacted by the blue and yellow line shutdown south of dca this summer      if so  please take a minute to he .
  vice  fb  whitenationalist  extremists  internet  shutdown  encryption  isis   security  infosec.
this might be ironic  as im posting this on twitter  but why do media outlets find it newsworthy enough to allocat .
 anonymoush1ppo shutdown  z1battleroyale   make  z1battleroyale  only available through streamers hosted games but .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 women that seek abortion car .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
the  uscpsc s statement comes on the heels of eight new reports of overheating battery packs   the actual recall an .
why aren t these assholes we ve elected doing their jobs        stop paying them   only   and see if they get their .
shutdown   shouts  kandman for having me at his show    new music soon land  london  shoreditch  live .
 bbaord  karendrakestraw  naterob65462440  thedailybeast hmmmm   exactly what the democrats wanted before the longe .
shutdown ko na nga tong utak ko .
 cn arrest stuff  it was only 9 hours  but bearing in mind my need for routine  communication and positive stims an .
 catbuddha truth  for one thing  orange one will be in office on dec  31  2020  but da  just as orange fucker greet .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
everybody always coming to me with there problems in etc so overwhelmed right now  shutdown mode.
 sbin shutdown  r now .
its time to shutdown social media  .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
when i reach my full potential    its over  shutdown  .
dammit  we were supposed to go and we missed our chance because of the stupid shutdown      delania kimler heller .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the economic times .
internal military hardware the syth signaling with white noise externally  shutdown no    a  sparky with love and .
 only half demon  stevewestly  janet yackle i agree  this is why   before the whole trump government shutdown  rep  .
 .
fbi agents say shutdown is hampering counterterrorism  sex trafficking probes you mean investigating hookers and gi .
 isikoff  skullduggerypod  aoc  nypost  rupertmurdoch those calling for and endorsing   aoc  a boycott of the new y .
swing and a miss   walsh4314 ks a pair in a big shutdown inning for the eagles      birdball  end 4  bc 2  nu 1    .
 jessicav cis  anncoulter  rollcall democrats will not find success currently with a corrupt administration that wi .
 realdonaldtrump   818contd   countdown566     shutdown   good    lessgovernment    big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
so is dc re thinking this dc streaming with this  swampthing shutdown .
 trureporting i live not to far and all the states schools were shutdown today my kids are safe chick was a wierdo .
amazon to shutdown china  alibaba and  win here  .
new traffic technology to mitigate alexandria metro shutdown .
new traffic technology to mitigate alexandria metro shutdown .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 people that seek abortion ca .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
a2  when in training orientation  youre immediately told or shutdown from asking questions   nextchat .
yo remember when all those philly public schools got shutdown and a bunch of bougie dickheads opened a restaurant f .
 cloudstudios9 why is your game rebooting everyone has reset if you didn t know you need to shutdown instead and sort your codeing out.
 ajfroggie  nwsburlington the power to the computer room where the servers are located was shutdown for maintenance .
notre dame  columbine  beyonc  your wednesdaybriefing .
new traffic technology to mitigate alexandria metro shutdown  .
 byjohnsmith yeah thats the only problem    reddit keeps getting shutdown so i never know which sub i need to get to.
 themarkpantano wotrue  trump rather than taking on gop lost on shutdown despite support for him  took worse deal than he had in dec.
city of greenville  nc  city computers hit with new  ransomware called  robbinhood forcing shutdown of most servers .
a stanford study published earlier this year called india  the most shutdown prone sovereign state in the world    s .
the genesis spacecraft crashed due to a sensor failure that created a cascading effect leading to the main engine s .
 johnnyyongbosch my son had a minor shutdown when i pointed out you were adam nate hovernyan popuko nero   it was v .
you ate the food after the 2nd health department shutdown  .
beledyeler shutdown.
geoff johns friends or the people who he hired for dc streaming  to get them easy money are reporting .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion   .
the crazy lady who caused the shutdown of the schools in colorado and created terror at a massive scale that cant .
 atlasreactor sorry to see it go  seriously  every good game out there is getting shutdown .
update 4 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up    jet to continue .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision via  njspotlight .
  cps america inverters are now ul certified for rapid shutdown .
minimizing unplanned downtime for micro data centers outfitted with hyperconverged infrastructure    a solution for .
 aidatrazos  lapares bueno  aqu no explico la diferencia entre ambas  no tengo tampoco muy claro que sean crisis d .
 narendramodi in  smritiirani  tajinderbagga my sincere reqst  plz mak  rahulgandhi win electn  resn    1 he is very .
 whitehouse  secretarycarson carson has destroyed this seventy five year old program  he ignorantly pretends he did .
 ndhichimr has there ever been a shutdown of the whole township .
 mamareg2 first yuma now mexico  maybe time to shutdown the borders .
has the government shutdown delayed your federal audit  which can cause state and local filings to report rar adjus .
 shereenbhan  gulpanag if cost structure is the core issue  then all the airlines had been shutdown till now  it s .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
all digital clinical trial demonstrates the feasibility of siteless studies    .
gusto ko i shutdown buhay ko.
pak prabowo itu pasti ada yang dorong kongperengsi pres  sujud sukur  dan nispu sya banan   yang ngedorong itu mus .
dr  heather cox richardson  boston college  will be delivering the russell library s congress week keynote lecture .
ascension parish  hwy  73 at rivault lane shutdown due to electrical pole on fire and electrical lines in danger of .
dallas i 35 shutdown    why tho    dallas  i35  downtown .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump didn t beat mexico paying  for the wall  didn t beat the russians for using him as .
were you or someone you know affected by the government shutdown  yes  then you know sometimes people are victims o .
 chrismartzwx  time and i agree the shutdown was a clown show  but there is no emergency  trump said it himself  .
 cbsnews mcconnel helped trump get elected  that seems to be his main purpose no matter the possible benefits to th .
update  kenyan airport shutdown is over  passenger who made the report taken into custody  .
 oldytron  time  hillaryclinton  speakerpelosi she ended the shutdown  all by herself  ok    what has she done for d .
 lokendr25305587  dream11  narayananxi  sindbadsailor r  rvthedreamerrv  glhunter  rudresh2  erkeshav04  haiwaaaan .
 markwkaelin  cainverlinden  techrepublic looking at the ms group policy article it will impact the endurance  beca .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
its gonna be a shutdown     mintfriday  zone6venue  come join us   26 april save the date   .
another government shutdown with even bigger consequences  congress doesn t care .
 hornbaker adam  tomilahren  sensanders            literally says total and complete shutdown .
i remember that shutdown     that was when the greatest negotiator in world history was bitch slapped by freaking nan .
sues federal government over shutdown  american black ale   .
 aidatrazos shutdown es li mismo que meltdown  una crisis .
 sunderpari ab tu reunion mai bhi koi baat na hoga yar this women ruined every pure essence of this love story kya .
 luvtruckers  truckernation85 especially since i heard the shutdown went up in smoke   no pun intended .
 tom jackson  an economist with ihs markit  said the federal government shutdown  a slow housing market  a decline .
 themarkpantano during recent gov shutdown negotiations  pelosi and schumer specifically included language limiting .
 danieljohnsonwx  time the shutdown was a clown show  border security is important  i don t want illegals  key word .
sorry ed gotta go  2 shutdown corners and the banger roaming free .
traffic alert  highway 271 to be shutdown in gladewater for gusher days     .
continued shutdown of  acpipeline project negatively impacting wv workers  businesses .
has jet s finances gone haywire after the shutdown of d s biz in dubai  another jv partner from lavasa couldn t do .
 illespal  verretor  petermccormack  keo nobody knows  and by now i really think they should have known  the way th .
 gop a trump made crisis resembling the gov t shutdown  dismantling our government  exiting the paris accord  fossi .
 matfaure from le shutdown de messi to se faire dribbler par pallois.
 makemytrip  jetairways  jetairways   jet airways has confirmed the temporary shutdown but  makemytrip are refusing .
 kenyapower care hello  no power in kisiikia but shutdown period elapsed.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
  jetairways.
new article  chint power systems pv inverters provide rapid shutdown with tigos ul certification .
time to find out who  what  when  where  amp  why  then charge them with  sedition   amp  encouraging all kinds of unlawful .
   operationshutdown    operationshut19.
 jetairways if you shutdown  about 16000 employees will lose their jobs  so kindly don t shutdown.
how many presidents do we have in this country at the present time  seems everyone asswipe going over seas to make .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
a threatening  unstable person from out of town shows up and is able to purchase a gun almost instantly  soon resul .
 kareeeninaaa hahahaa hilu gudmorning na  baka mag shutdown ka bigla ah like sa birthday ni lowell oppss hahhaha.
 joshuagbalding as kieren  maz  amp  i have access to do reboots for update days  we also have access to do a shutdown .
every monday during a government shutdown  the members of the national council on disability gather in the boardroo .
colorado gun broker in littleton tells  9wantstoknow that they sold the shotgun to the woman who sparked a widespre .
 braves great  can he be a shutdown reliever .
 manny ottawa in grande cache  ab coal was taxed to death by ndp  shutdown  meanwhile a stones throw away in tumble .
to all those loud mouthed democrat leaders  housedemocrats  senatedems   whatever happened to that manufactured cr .
london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown    if this is what it takes  .
gusto konang i shutdown yung sarili ko .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
eyes plss shutdown .
im gonna shutdown mine social media for a while for some personal reason  i m not sure that when i came again so be .
yall prescott shutdown     .
guest commentary  the shutdown is over  but hunger remains   davis vanguard   foodsecurity .
chint power systems pv inverters provide rapid shutdown with tigos ulcertification .
 jack shutdown twitter  it was a mistake .
 glenngriffin8  truefactsstated dil is a teacher in denver   she texted me this morning about the shutdown   the mo .
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes   chicago tribune .
breaking  the woman whose threats prompted a major shutdown of colorado schools today has been found dead per autho .
 rocknrollraptor  dontsueme   bluestarwolfm2  smashmastershow  sachicanttech you will not die of a gunshot  you wil .
and we still ask ourselves if alex shutdown is genuine or anc criminalities activities  anc is lost  .
shutdown mga kainuman pota hahahahahahahaha.
 consumervoicein  sardesairajdeep sirs  what about the passengers like me who booked jet airways ticket through .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 lokendr25305587  dream11  narayananxi  sindbadsailor r  rvthedreamerrv  glhunter  rudresh2  erkeshav04  haiwaaaan .
 jim jordan it s ironic that the men s club that coordinated to shutdown the obama administration  currently coordi .
 wendellb64  alberta411  rachelnotley several small business shutdown bc of her  insane regulations to oil and gas .
 bambamat30  bamteddy  alphanation  bbnaija     total shutdown    .
232 info     notice bullet 3   plants will shutdown   i have been saying this forever if u p .
 veggiefact nii chan hit the coolant fan shutdown button.
kq flight to johannesburg cleared for take off as temporary shutdown lifted    .
 hornbaker adam  tomilahren  sensanders ok      he said mexicans are rapists and murderers  and assumes that only som .
the government shutdown was created to raise money to fund the wall  it was all pre planned  .
jet airways  one more airline calls it a day  i seriously hope the metal birds fly again soon .
 deeenst  leahhoustonmd  pittsburghpg  enough212  bmill247  ghostingeek  talkeetna101  thomasklinemd when i called .
fda acknowledges shortage of breathing tubes due to sterilization shutdown .
modi has destroyed india s psu banks and several others     bsnl  54000 jobs at risk   jet airways  temporary shutdow .
reverse mortgage data details disruption from governmentshutdown .
reverse mortgage data details disruption from governmentshutdown .
 nowplaying the presets   downtown shutdown  video edit  on cortelyou road radio     ditmaspark s radio station  th .
 dominos india  dominos if u are not able to provide  good service to us    then u can shutdown ur shutters     farji  poorservice.
 jessha6s id rather miss the playoffs by a hair than get swept  amp  dominated the way tb  amp  pitt in rd1  neither team .
 iamiqrakhalid yet you think  cdncharter is not enough and needs  m103  yet you voted to shutdown more  puglaas tes .
 jammer6950  krassenstein  aoc and he wanted to shutdown the border   what an idiot  that would have dropped americ .
mais genre a peut me foutre en shutdown ou me faire pleurer pour de vrai oo j ai l impression d en faire trop mais .
 senatemajldr to the republican voters especially the ky  nc and sc voters   when it comes time to vote remember ho .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  by  tanvimehta710  promit07  aditishahsays.
 eelowan  deniselanigan  brendensewell  realdonaldtrump they need more judges    the government shutdown added like .
belediyeler shutdown  havada laiklik kokusu var  istanbul.
president trump s executive orders takes power from states to shutdown pipelines .
in  occupiedkashmir  joint resistance leadership asks people to observe complete shutdown in poll bound areas of sr .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
data delays due to government shutdown still recovering from  which middies estimate for 1q  .
 threemileisland closure would take  nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
a meeting is underway this evening between the alexandra shutdown committee and the inter ministerial task team est .
a disturbed 18 year old girl  plotting a homicide  can walk into a store and buy a gun instantly without being a re .
come visit chick fil a today and help support the business  some people are trying to shutdown the business because .
 nathanschmidt13  drvox  democracystorm  pareene when i read this in the article  i quickly went to websters to se .
 realalitweets if you decide not 2 vote   then trump wins    you should b ashamed of yourself 4 not 2 vote   just r .
interesting  central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27     harrisburg  pa .
  ebyamrannnn ajak amer  maghi time tu kito shutdown eby.
 ericfingerhut something something checking line something something shutdown line something something .
my journey as a entrepreneur ended  disappointingly  with the shutdown of our company due to unsustainable financi .
  exclusive  business news   india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
its truly a great emotional day  from such high flying airline to today  what will happen to my fellow colleagues  .
are you guys getting paid yet     umm the shutdown ended two months ago dude .
.
 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  by reuters via nyt .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 andrewwhitty  london cycling  extinctionr i wasn t complaining  it s great  shutdown good.
jet airways is about to shutdown     around 22000 employees will be unemployed     but ch is busy campaigning to be in .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision   nj spotlight .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
we need gun control laws  im tired of people thinking something like this is okay  the lack of gun control is the .
 shiguy79  pierrevlebrun ask bergeron  marchand and pasta how muzzin is doing  he s a big part of the reason why th .
to my mind i saw the operation shutdown march forming and thought it was very thought out organised and how campaig .
the hospital for sick children announced the shutdown of the motherisk program yesterday after almost 35 years  .
update 4 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up   .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  rt.
belediyeler shutdown  ekrem imamoglu.
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  reuters.
belediyeler shutdown   .
 dopesickdiaries  mgtymoose13  goldyvox  donpepitoandy the dems did have their biggest victory in 40 years  secondl .
show me a better band in lagos and i ll shutdown my instagram account      reposted from  iamslkng     one of the bes .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
i would think that her ability to get to things has been shutdown and or codes changed     if not  id be shocked    .
 illespal  verretor  petermccormack per block reward  either price has to go up which is no guarantee especially wh .
wanna feel old  the government shutdown was this year .
shutdown .
 klutzpo y all are gonna run out of burial space soon and are gonna need to start cremating your failed long haul a .
 justjoshinyou13  jhweissmann i d say it s a lot like housing in how supply is limited  there are regulations and c .
if it s what it takes    extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
 totalsoccershow watching mo salah get shutdown is a thing of beauty  chefskiss  yuponlyanevertonfan.
i was in saudi and instead wattpad i read arabic novels written by young saudi girls  they went by anon aliases on .
yall worded this like shit and deserve to be shutdown  .
  tigoenergy is currently compatible and available with  cps america and more tier one certified inverter manufactu .
ok so shutdown diay ang landbank until 3am today ok ok swito.
 adriandiederich  maskenlp  hobbit116  maximmarkow i shutdown 127 0 0 1 once in a while.
 solpais  the  woman who was believed to want to go on a  columbine  like shooting spree  prompting the shutdown of .
 chrismartzwx  time  first female speaker of house  twice    expanded healthcare to millions of americans  affordabl .
9w  jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
looming cosas shutdown to negatively affect schooling .
my brain literally shutdown i havent been able to think of one question this is humiliating.
motorists have been warned of delays of up to an hour on some motorways this easter  with traffic congestion compou .
do parents of autistic kids realise that meltdowns only happen due to stress  exhaustion  and or sensory overload  .
great   i m on nightshift for the shutdown next month  gonna have to make this set of days off a good one .
the one thing that s been made harder about this process post emuparadise shutdown is finding roms just so i can ca .
 narendramodi  pmoindia  narendramodi  zeebusiness sir i think in this time u are olny busy in elections but plzz t .
 jetairways to suspend all operations from tonight  .
 cherylk k  jeremynewberger  realdonaldtrump i pray you are kidding  45 doesnt let his fake national emergency pre .
 joao p romero  goescarlos  valoreconomico e discricionrias perigosamente abaixo de 120 bi  a reforma permite evit .
et jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now   sent from economic .
whats plan b   winstonpeters  according to  maxrashbrooke  capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
 shutdown leach  itsjameer  minajjyogirl .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale of carrier .
 jetairways you were one of the best  your international flights were too good  it is bad to see you shutdown  indi .
this is important  louisianas bullsh t clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 .
restart o shutdown  syempre doon tayo sa shutdown hehe para dire diretso naaa   .
it also depends on what problems actually effect you  a government shutdown for example probably isn t going to eff .
 fresh kermit  mattyglesias cuomo just partially axed the l train shutdown throwing all the remediation plans into .
jet airways    alvida     i wish we could have done something to save you   jetairwayscrisis  jetairways .
psa  the vadm martin pool aboard nasni will be shut down starting today  april 17th  nbc is expecting a ten day shu .
 lo lifepat hes been blessed to play with shutdown defenders in every stage of his career  so his laziness on that end stems from that.
 realdonaldtrump is calling for a complete and total shutdown of white women in america until our elected officials .
if the leafs win the series itll be because of tavares and his ability to not only shutdown but outplay the berger .
several states responded to the government shutdown by passing laws to lay the groundwork for how credit  housing  .
 hyggelighouse what would have helped greatly during the biggest burnout shutdown period of my life  in my 30s  was .
hahahaha naseen lang kita kase nag shutdown yung ip ko tas nagagalit ka kaagad  eh ako nga siniseen moko nagalit bako nun .
 tonyrouge what happened to a shutdown role  or a shadow  that role couldn t have died in the 80s  keep someone on .
 belediyeler shutdown    mazbatageldi.
cps america inverters now ul certified for rapid shutdown  .
thankful for holding the  33 slot on  trendcharts in germany   work is growing worldwide and this only the beginnin .
 treasonhappens  girlnyc  msnbc a lot of people suffered because of the tax scam and govt  shutdown  once things hi .
 psybrdoc  doggymama8  shannonrwatts a child is dead by suicide  an entire smsa is terrorized  amp  shutdown  nobody is winning .
 aoc you said the world was ending in 12 years  why is it only a half cut in emissions  we need 100  shutdown and w .
 stephenk fb yes  we saw spikes in our getcalfresh applications during the shutdown as families lost certainty for .
i haven t posted on twitter for a while  but the announcement of the shutdown of  atlasreactor makes me want to do .
business of film industries will shutdown  actresses and actors of tiktok are more efficient than that of film indu .
and its kinda silly that we shutdown other franchises for small things while homestuck is literally full of slurs a .
roof collapse contributes to cabinet shop shutdown  60 workers lose jobs .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl mulvaney  i have to laugh when people say that  oh  we control the house  the sena .
kingfisher airlines had reward points  shutdown    jet airways have reward points  temporarily shutdown    anyother a .
 fpl4tsch  musiquinha de shutdown do windows xp .
 jetairways you guys bring india to fly all over the world  so please maintain your service  we need you  don t shutdown .
 palmerreport its crazy to think barr cant suffocate all these other investigations  if by no other means than li .
with more than a tinge of sadness  these are  jetairways 9w928 and 9w758 on final approach into  delhi     and they .
like  say  a federal government shutdown .
 petropoulosjess  realutherapy  mikegentile5  grangersluthors  addiecakes11012  notaregularmum  that small shutdo .
 realutherapy  mikegentile5  sirlucky   grangersluthors  addiecakes11012  notaregularmum  if only he really shut do .
 extinction rebellion  famed climate attorney superglued herself outside  shells u k  hq  v .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc   shutdown    listen on spotify  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge   operationshutdown  knifecrime  stoptheviolence.
wrong place to do it buddy  dont get shutdown in front of the world .
dear  narendramodi  jayantsinha  sureshpprabhu  pmoindia   pls  savejetairways  jet airways going shutdown  pls save 2 .
give reason  why no shutdown in sedibeng and ekurhuleni.
 iluvatar 9  theofficertatum  ilhanmn trump  i donald j trump call for a complete and total shutdown on muslims en .
 hermanmashaba  advdali mpofu alexander shutdown is an anc project  why no shutdown in sedibeng and ekurhuleni.
 tarh2o23 once the line was crossed that schools were on lockdown yesterday and completely shutdown today  her ment .
 deseretnews think about it       a mentally i ll woman    with no access to healthcare    is able to buy a weapon    and .
that there s a deranged shooter who has made a credible threat resulting in the shutdown of schools across central .
alex shutdown movement  we believe govt will rectify whats happened to us .
 realdonaldtrump and there is no work being done at the border  and you ve been given billions in 2016 and 2017  of .
 cbsnews interesting  remember the government shutdown i didnt see that on the video .
jet airways temporarily shuts operations after almost 26 years  many fond memories with the airline  thoughts and p .
wednesday repalm  odd as it seems these ccm vector pros are already classics  nothing today has the bulk or heft to .
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  o meu pc fez shutdown a meio da edio do video da ebec  est tudo bem  amigos .
 as thousands of protesters use roadblocks and glue to paralyse parts of central london     if this is what it takes .
 dieselguy696 total speculation  wouldn t fremont have to be shutdown while being re tooled .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 women that seek abortion car .
families who ve lost children to knife crime have been demonstrating outside downing street     operation shutdown wa .
 seemagoswami  nidhi for  airindiain    no tears   they are too on the verge of being totally shutdown hundreds of .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch  twittersupport  jack 89  trollbot  remove shutdown  this has been .
congratulations bhakts  your saheb has created 20000   unemployment people    jetshutdown    .
 frankeljeremy it is even  worse  that thatdemocrats were actually trying to reduce the number of beds back in feb .
 lfc  jhenderson keep up the great work  don t go on shutdown mode like at the beginning of the season.
 charliekirk11  aoc charlie during shutdown   we should fire all the nonessential employees because i dont know w .
props to suga  he s so used to these kind of situations he knows how to shutdown haters  i felt their energy here  .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla  demokrasikazandi.
 severythings  dinarland  mrbrandoyoutube  ramblernash  bingohanley  burnside1971  roe50  nightwatch28  dinardaily .
 centeronbudget a3  to get concrete  we see spikes in snap applications during lunchtime hours  when our clients ha .
 charliekirk11  aoc yeah she should be told shame by the kid who has never worked a day in his life  gets paid mi .
 nbc6 so now back to the other unanswered questions  she had a web page and openly spoke about killing and columbin .
 denizzakdenizz belediyeler shutdown.
 jarrycuk  bobertffa  noireyterasu minecraft has been shutdown.
 renerabril times that gop friendly fire was called for    firing 11 cabinet appointees   kavanaugh appointment   g .
 ravensspirit68  leahhoustonmd  pittsburghpg  enough212  bmill247  ghostingeek  talkeetna101  thomasklinemd i find .
 juggalo trey23 im surprised you even know what a computer startup and shutdown consist of considering you went to general lee college.
 update  just in   the last worker leaving the scaffolding at the  notredame in  paris has confirmed  he shutdown t .
 students and their  families are living an unexpected crisis due to shutdown  4profit schools that saddled them wi .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  via  youtube.
 ericswalwell you said you were only after our so called assault weapons  that is a lie as you with the radical ide .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
 nagarjund  sumanthraman yet to come to terms that a fine airline has shutdown  my first air travel was on a jet fl .
 jetairways announces suspension of all operations after state bank of india denies the firm critical funding  all .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube  wasf  globalwarming  abruptclimatechange.
 syafiq izuandi betul    otak bole shutdown punya  case last minute show malam.
 chrismckayaw  jennjohnson20  karibjmckay  karijobe  delanawood  kimwalkersmith  jenledger  are  being treated with .
 students and their  families are living an unexpected crisis due to shutdown  4profit schools that saddled them wi .
once the wreckage of this government shutdown hurt american science  research and medicine via .
 cbcnews aka the fakenews  cbc trying to trash conservatives so boy blunder  justintrudeau wins  fakenews anchors a .
 southafrica  shutdown protests in tshwane .
 skimantas  robinsoncarol we had a pill mill in jasper shutdown a few yrs  ago  when will officials get the methadone clinics   .
 miamoor5  exutoir1  feerique9  dame boulette  sylvalala  garcia1cecile  looneytotoro  coulon brigitte  frapa 92 .
 chrismckayaw  jennjohnson20  karibjmckay  karijobe  delanawood  kimwalkersmith  jenledger if people feel disrespec .
 aneeshp  afnewsroom  klm press is this still valid after the shutdown .
non announcement       shutdown   nairobi  you in my heart    julius nyerere international airport .
did you notice heavier than normal delays and stress with your personal and  corporatetaxes this year  government s .
belediyeler shutdown  d.
beledyeler shutdown .
 gedeon we had a shutdown of all the schools in the denver metro area .
 exelongen shutdown nuclear power plants and build solar and wind power farms  make america great again .
 ms shaleelee  omgshuddup well given the walmart near me is shutdown you would be coming to my work lol.
 icymi another one bites the dust  jet airways ceases operations     jetairways  aviationnews  airlines  india .
 realdark kent  my3monkees this guy   mexicans are bringing disease and r pe  obamas a kenyan muslim  a mexican .
informative working session on the impact  amp  challenges of a government shutdown on services for veterans military f .
 berniesanders wages are going up continually now  thanks to trumps tax cuts and deregulations  if you force a min  .
petten  last yr oil revenues were down cause of shutdown of searose fpso  why didnt you ask partners to help     bal .
in 1986  cory aquino ordered the shutdown of the bataan nuclear power plant kaya naging sobrang mahal at madalang a .
a truly sad day for the indian aviation sector  the  hopefully temporary  shutdown of  jetairways after half a doze .
last year oil revenues were down by  82 million due to the shutdown of the searose fpso  the province then had to b .
nasa deserves to get shutdown permanently for letting a man called eugene be the last person to walk on the moon.
using a new model  scientists calculate that the 2015 york christmas flood caused 3 24m in economic losses through .
 pdotwhy definitely dont but i seen something saying she got fired but the whole network should be shutdown like just fire the bitch.
this is precisely why  i dont attend or support circuses  i have yet to see the greatest showman bc the movie is a .
malapit ko na i shutdown cc ko.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
 cloydrivers dudes a shitbag that constantly lied during the shutdown about voting to reopen the gov but is listed as a nay for every vote .
 glennkirschner2     is it possible for barr to shutdown the sdny investigation .
if this is what it takes  this is what it takes    extinctionrebellion  .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
wasnt this street  university btw 13th and 14th  supposed to be totally pedestrianized for the shutdown  why is it .
 mazbatageldi belediyeler shutdown .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video    .
threat from an 18 y o girl shutdown entire school districts in  colorado   americancower  weakness  spinesearch  whatlosinglookslike.
na shutdown things .
went to a denver playground to speak to parents about the threat and school shutdown  no one wanted to talk because .
the  us fda has reported that a temporary shortage of breathing tubes is related to the february shutdown of the st .
threat is over  fbi denver division addressing alleged threat that shutdown 20 school districts in colorado   d2ksl .
 marklazerus  byscottpowers  theathleticchi disappointed with the perpetuation of murphy being good defensively  he .
chaos  police  shutdown  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
 kyleclark well  that s illuminating   i thought a deranged gunman was to blame for the school shutdown .
update  investigate activity occurring at a mt  evans  colorado echo lake campground re  critical search for wome .
 fortnitegame switch players were playong against their own platform while mobile was shutdown  no .
i  owen cyclops  am calling for a complete and total shutdown on  dinosaur toys  for children until we figure out w .
  google is giving your cellular location data to cops  tell google to shutdown its sensorvault project  .
  andyhull79  garyheatherfj.
did  digital  government come through during the recent shutdown   davidm00dy shares insights  amp  tips with  gcntech .
 tiffthetechie eventually they run out of power and need to shutdown .
this sudden love respect and nostalgia not just for dead people but also for shutdown airlines   notaslytweetjustobservation.
 vcp uk  for your info .
arey amabni and adani    yeh jet airways band ho rahi hai  khareedna chahoge kya     modihaitohmumkinha .
with a government shutdown and horrible winter storms q1 gdp at 2 4  would be amazing .
20 years  sincecolumbine where one threat can shutdown an entire educational network of more than a half million st .
encore en train d essayer de comprendre la diffrence entre meltdown  shutdown    pfff   pourtant on me la expliqu 10 fois.
 realdonaldtrump maybe you could try asking them  nicely   in the meantime  both houses are laughing hysterically a .
at yesterdays town hall meeting in astoria  i had the opportunity to thank the spouses of coast guard members and .
me  you all might remember some concern about this back during the trump government shutdown      someday we are goin .
 anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after spate of london stabbings  .
 joshuastlee instagram was shutdown .
bloomberg is saying 2 4  which if correct is ironic because thats where the atlanta  fed  gdp now forecast is righ .
 mrdane1982 and yet nancy is the only one who has made trump bend the knee during the shutdown  foolish mortal .
 paydayuppsala imorgon      rickyyrich  amp  arammafia imorgon p flustret     djs   aminacarlsson hallexberryy ekascratc .
 tfl  pgr3master  virginmedia thanks  i m surprised they didn t request shutdown of mobile nwtowkes near stations b .
 jetairways   very sad to see the most loved airline of india shutdown their operations  hoping for a strong comeback  jetairways  .
.
 gorillastyle  thehill then why doesn t she govern  100 days and nothing of substance from the house    she can t ev .
business at mvenpick hotel shutdown as staff demonstrate over racist treatment   .
enfim  eu sabia que minha alegria no ia durar muito tempo      afinal quem t on fire recebe shutdown mais fcil   .
 paris5503 don t know why a post from february second is randomly on my feed but wasn t this during the shutdown  a .
today  london  wifi  shutdown could have been all data services  luckily  fortresssentinel customers can still tell .
 ndamex dear mark  we have a brief shutdown to safely work on a transformer on the line  power is going to be resto .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the economic times .
 jetairways  awnusharma it s just a temporary shutdown  hoping to fly again and again with you in many more years t .
 ian cummings 9 every time i say grab him especially bcuz he wants 2 be a redskin  they always say 15 is too high   .
finally the most premium airlines jet airways  engine comes to  halt tonight   sad state of affairs   .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
 vipinbhatt  cnbc awaaz it has already shutdown sir not a single channel could cover d pain of employees and there .
you shutdown yourself.
i am in support of this spreading the united states    from  .
 ali85231320  realdonaldtrump i   well  we didn t see him storm out of the room like a child when he got nan cucked .
 chadloder  ilhanmn  huffpost  washingtonpost you re trying to demand that twitter take a curation standpoint  you .
very sad to see such a change in our skies  one of the most admired airline of indian sky  seen jet from it s launc .
 realpmurray a postseason offensive shutdown is what happens when you fill a team with ex rangers  right   d.
langleys coleman not afraid of oil shutdown .
 langleybcs coleman not afraid of oil shutdown .
 360idev sadly out cocaoheads meetup  indianapolis  shutdown a few months back.
 shakunthalahs current situation of jds party has became equal to hmt watch factory  .
belediyeler shutdown be tayyoeye  mazbatageldi.
 zstoltenburg the shutdown happened because congress said no to the 5 billion dollars he added to the budget  to fu .
 dgodfathermoody  a s12  nicolereporting  foxnashville mesa marin got shutdown because of people like that   and th .
except for star virginia madsen s now deleted insta post commenting on a vague yet  terrible decision   here s ever .
 benscalligraphy   a reylo theory shutdown .
very sad to see such a change in our skies  one of the most admired airline of indian sky  seen jet from    .
 collinsuma  realomosexy  bashirahmaad omotala is talking    this person is talking    that person is writing   as .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
 andreacpa0  peterreillycpa but then i wondered if there was an issue with the step transaction doctrine  or some o .
 thomas1774paine where on her list is the longest govt shutdown .
the mta now has a detailed map that outlines what to expect during the l train  partial shutdown  from now through .
id love to know if running a fully cut  higher frequency l along w the promised bus service would actually be a ne .
 swamy39 educated useless feelings of religious fundas    all the airlines will shutdown and god only knows whether .
 nialljburke  luke silke there is no mission creep the list cant be added to it was shutdown ages ago  ppl that wer .
travel  news  great smoky mountains campgrounds  facility openings delayed this spring due to shutdown .
 bkiser90 hey benjamin  i m a denver based reporter for the washington post  would you be willing to speak with me .
entergy agrees to post shutdown sale of indian point energy center to holtec international  .
four lessons from the google  shutdown  google has announced the demise of google   to find out more go to my blog .
so this saturday is the 20th anniversary of the columbine shooting here in co and we need to talk about how an 18 y .
update  authorities continue to search for the woman connected to threats that led to the shutdown of dozens of den .
deputy commissioner santiago talking to councilor  edforboston at today s working session about how veterans servic .
i have to remember to shut up  and remember you cant tell people things   most times they dont want to hear anyth .
 realdonaldtrump  geaninec dam mr  president how many vacations do they get  hell wasn t they away during the last .
 zstoltenburg its not a matter of truth hurting  initially the president said  mexico is paying for the wall  he d .
new post  court orders quebec file sharing site shutdown .
new post  court orders quebec file sharing site shutdown .
deputy commissioner santiago at  boscitycouncil working session called by councilor  edforboston about the impact a .
 donaldjtrumpjr  maybe you shouldn t be commenting on anyone s donations to charity considering     2020.
shutdown laei .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
i thought from the get go it was the worst possible draw for tampa  cbj had a top end goalie  some skill up front  .
but cheeto puff over here shutdown the gov  for over a month because they would not fund his stupid wall  .
 outage alert  najjera  kiwatule  kungu  kyanja  buwate and surrounding areas  we have a brief shutdown to safely r .
 me5ash  mattperdue  scottpresler .
 krissibex  guyincognito  303mp you hit the nail on the head   it s one person with one shotgun that just shutdown .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
wed 11th shaban 1440h   30c   6 30 pm fasting of last wednesday in lent 2019 amen   electric power restored after ful .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after a record level of stabbings in england and wales    a .
 katz in kop it says right here  its uta preschool on ross st  school apparently has other grades that were not shu .
in the news  small businesses still reel from the shutdown  zoholics wows austin crowd .
relatives of knife crime victims across the east mids have been protesting in  london    operation shutdown s calling .
 if this is what it takes     .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
pag eto ng shutdown ng wala paring chat puta edi wala hahahahahahaha.
some bhakts asked me what proof i had when i posted few weeks ago that jet airways is gone case now     now here is t .
co operative governance and traditional affairs minister zweli mhkize will today lead a group of government officia .
 cya original good evening  cya original the estimated time for completion of the shutdown is 19h00   gm.
.
wednesday  4 17 19  12 00pm  mlk   2nd street will be shutdown indefinitely due to a non injury accident involving .
 taradublinrocks  govchristie if  realdonaldtrump had the ability to persuade others  how do you explain the trump .
  hb2014  nowhiteguiltnwg  jengasamurai  stestringfellow what is needed is someone in the eu to mirror these videos .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 women that seek abortion car .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for    .
friday shutdown   avenidaloungeke  turn up   partydj .
hashcat is causing unexpected windows shutdown after recent windowsupdates .
 chiapet33 sure but people are missing the point that the shutdown role on that team falls to me vlasic  not them.
 bjp4india yes more it will change all the airlines will shutdown and god only knows whether indian railways how it .
don t blame the present government please  it is because of the nehru regime in 1955  what a tragedy     jet airway .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
weve got a third line center who can play on any line 1 3  when needed   who can produce  play a matchup or shutdo .
from discover on google .
 jayinslee is west hills area in bremerton wa kitsapco built on toxic landfill navy dumps like norseland mobile estates that was shutdown .
 reprorights  ppact you mean murder kill shutdown  killing babies in the womb isnt a womens right  its murder  .
it s time to shutdown the southern border  amp  to shutdown all immigration for a few years until we can assimilate the .
 allenequincy  stivie82877615  hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria trump offered more judges and lawyers .
jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure and intact   says jet privilege  .
 chuckwoolery  republicisdead  gatewaypundit  teamcavuto was quick to shutdown bill donahue from the catholic leagu .
jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
your travel alternatives during metrorail station shutdown that begins memorial day weekend on blue and yellow line .
 theofficertatum  ilhanmn donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the uni .
the shutdown of  thecwhl shocked the hockey world  so what s next  what are the leaders in women s hockey going to .
they so mad i got the crane shutdown for 3 days.
 itsjameer  minajjyogirl man    .
 stankuba  theofficertatum  ilhanmn donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims enteri .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
patent office may be unable to outlast shutdown past february   bloomberg law .
 bdisgusting  wb evaluates the future of its dc universe streaming service   in other words  don t expect the stand .
 davidcorndc shutdown fox bullshit state run tv .
 tejasseth  dmuthuk suspended vs shutdown .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl what doe this sat     shutdown standoff continues as spending bill loses support in .
 khazelblossom voicelines in game yall about how reyes and jack have been disagreeing arguing about about their ap .
looks like  he is  tough ask for a 33 year old center to shutdown tavares  amp  marner  .
maximum praise and respect to those that stood and marched   operationshutdown .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
 lipstick pinup 30 is shutdown eb.
trump  shutdown   the border   and   democratic s need to go .
jet airways temporary shutdown v sad day for spenta  after 23 years no issue of jetwings on board on the 1st of the .
 markskrikorian i d be fine with a complete shutdown of all immigration  until laws are placed  wall is built  amp  we .
 lesleyabravanel  realdonaldtrump .
as we sit here in denver  essentially shutdown by the threat from one person with a gun  this is an interesting rea .
jet airways seeks 400cr emergency funding to avoid shutdown  .
jet airways temporarily shuts down all operations  .
i am really sad on the  jetairways shutdown    travelled on  spicejet after 12 years today  no comparision on servic .
this looks worse than a government shutdown    .
utterly saddened by the imminent shutdown of jet airways   good airline   good service      hope it resumes again under new management   .
all strong points     .
sad to hear about this temporary shutdown of jet airways  what about the plight of the employees .
why as twitter not verified  nairamarley        you guyz should better inform twitter that me i have  nomannerz    t .
 automatic crs eliminate the one penalty that can force compromise over appropriations bills  the threat that one p .
lots of local news is reporting swamp thing s shutdown  as well as below the line people like crystal reed s stand  .
 mcgnome as for the higher shutdown speeds  that s a cost benefit tradeoff  since really high speeds rarely occur  .
now that meeting is over  foye talks l train with reporter  repeats new plan avoids shutdown  reduces dust by 93 .
irs coping with first season under tax overhaul after shutdown  .
sad to hear about this  temporary shutdown  just think about the plight of  jetairways employees and  customers who .
did you hear trump backing off mexico border shutdown a big relief for us carmakers as auto sales tumble.
 johnreidy303 when i saw all the school closings this morning  i thought we had a freak storm overnight  i was very .
there needs to be a complete shutdown of albanian orthodoxy until we figure out what the heck is going on with this .
pharmacy departments inside 30 shoppers food locations will be closed  24 stores have been purchased by cvs  and th .
 ingrahamangle all they get done is vacation   i seem to recall over the holiday shutdown  which was of their doing .
 braddigan89  ahotmetss lie is a disaster some days     between ubers and trucks   lanes shutdown.
 drvox  pareene the man in washington arguably most responsible for prolonging the ordeal of the shutdown was now p .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates the exact same stuff he talked about on that s not me and .
 mike mkxpress  realdonaldtrump hippocrate  didn t see you complain about the democrats taking lobbyist payed vacat .
bell island ferry service is operating  but please note   weather conditions are deteriating high winds are gettin .
 kenyaairways lifts  temporary shutdown after  bomb scare   clears its flight kq 762 to depart for .
alex shutdown was  hijacked   mashaba   we will not be cajoled  anc   bashir moved to kobar prison   .
 lady star gem  hippie of love no not yet  a friend of mine has 5 children in the school district and they are stil .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates look how mental they are going  amp  this happens in nearly e .
 theplumlinegs  chrislhayes  benjysarlin  natesilver538  daveweigel perhaps the biggest dip was the government shut .
shutdown of the last operating chernobyl reactor  unit 3  took place in 2000 with a flip of the az 5 scram switch  .
jet airways temporarily shuts down all operations  .
jet airways seeks 400cr emergency funding to avoid shutdown  .
server down krn over access malah dibilang shutdown krn mau di hack  wkwkwkwwk dasar penikmat konspirasi .
 realdonaldtrump dems have been saying this is a manufactured crisis knowing it wasnt  democrats cut the amount .
 realdonaldtrump you must return from your little fantasy world where its ok to create a fake crisis and shutdown .
 ashokepandit shutdown of one of biggest airlines doesn t have any effect on economy    as per you  does economy co .
greek  banks will be affected by the european target2 payment system shutdown on april 19  22  limiting services to .
anti knife crime campaigners including bereaved parents blocked westminster bridge as they called for political act .
wouldnt be surprised if beyonce fans gets netflix shutdown today for high volume   imoneofthem.
are you still feeling the effects of the gov t shutdown and aren t sure where to turn for assistance  our 211 helpl .
 seanhannity michelle im sure youre still ashamed of what you and your husband have done to this nation  you both .
work is well underway for lhc long shutdown 2  here is an update from atlas  .
 peaceforchange and what about the other  two pilots      amp  what about airspace shutdown  for 1 month    you are a s .
so i have decided on a complete marvel shutdown till next wednesday  i am booked in to a double header infinity war .
satu atau dua  gua pilih empat  v   1   you has slain an enemy  2   shutdown  double kill  4   maniac   levia   ml .
ministry of civil aviation informed about tempory shutdown of jey airways  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
update 2 angola s crude oil exports to fall sharply in june on field shutdown   reuters africa  .
.
 kazweida my son s school had 3 lockdowns shutdown this year     to those who say they don t understand   it s easy .
the broader dynamic here is something that  ronbrownstein has written very smartly about      republicans will contin .
jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
     .
beledyeler shutdown .
it seems the democrats only care about vacations from what i recall they were on vacation during the government shu .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
 tonamiskynet  shutdown  p now.
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for    .
 stinky76021620  ivankatrump  cnn  chelseaclinton yet  trumps foundation is the one that was shutdown after an inv .
this colorado state wide shutdown is wild  .
 azula163  annie woodard  kyledcheney  medit8now  desideriodc really did he  i mean it couldn t have possibly been .
during a recent conversation in his office in juneau  17th district s commanding officer rear adm  matthew bell adm .
hoje eu vo dar um shutdown  s  f  t 00 quando chegar em casa.
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after spate of london stabbings .
 treyradel i agree that scrutiny should be given to every potential candidate  but i give a double take when the on .
 stoesseljosh  mattfwood  shannonrwatts i wondered about that  its crazy  theres maybe half the traffic on the ro .
shark news  outnumberedfnc april  predicted 100 000 illegals will cross our border  brought here by cartels   for   .
jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  by .
update  indias  jetairways suspends all operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
 ndhichimr have we ever had an alex shutdown under tau .
 darreljorstad  queerthoughts yep doing just great   .
 r34lb0rg  drphiltill yes  schiaparelli  of course it was not a  command from earth   but it was a situation not an .
our friends in  extinctionr ebellion are still occupying london      so we are leaving their .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates konnichiwa popped  godfather 1 popped  no  2  amp  no  8 resp .
 pmoindia  narendramodi  theofficialsbi  jayantsinha  sureshpprabhu    saveourjobs  savejetairways   dear all   please .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  speakerpelosi  repmarkmeadows  gopleader  senatemajldr .
a beautiful home grown brand caught in cross winds crash lands  sad    jetairways please fly again  .
 brianoverbraun just thought about the shutdown fullcast coming to waco and doing a live show at common grounds.
icymi  and the elk video  great smoky mountains campgrounds  facility openings delayed this spring due to shutdown .
 5tephhhh   igetbuckets21 yeah he did  and ik he can bounce back  all i was saying was kawaii dont get shutdown by .
just a little reminder of what a loony toon  realdonaldtrump is  we have to get him out of there now   .
.
 dray2arrogant  jt rw   lmao  ayyy lol yeah  they shutdown like my junior year.
mta releases new subway map to detail the l train s  partial shutdown  plan   .
 team bahab could be better timed  shutdown usually happens in january but the worst weather doesn t hit scotland u .
 milehighmez she flew here from florida  is a know crazy person  legally purchased a shotgun the day she came here .
 mmsporkmm  shannonrwatts  nra yes im a parent with a kid at a shutdown school cuz of this   thanks.
want to know what s been going on with the atlas experiment while the lhc is shutdown at  cern  then why not take a .
         jetairways  shutdown .
 5tephhhh   igetbuckets21 it doesnt  his skill set is what i mentioned about getting shutdown by pat bev  i hate when yall cant read.
i find it interesting that the government was able to identify this 18 year old psycho threatening colorado schools .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds   reuters .
nj  critics slam psegs notice of salem nuclear plant shutdown on eve of subsidy decision as hardball tactic  .
carrying my amp home 20 blocks last night seemed to be the last push before my body went into shutdown from a month .
yuma goes full shutdown to illegals  declares state of emergency as invasion has no end  .
 jaredlholt so write a story on  rightwingwatch and claim it s being done by the alt right   that s the way you guys .
failed beresheet moon landing due to technical malfunction    the failed lunar landing of th .
failed beresheet moon landing due to technical malfunction    the failed lunar landing of th .
ag policy matters  foodies check out  civileats coverage of the new ag census  women  latinx  farming   census dela .
 blairfalconer66 2 2 to line 2 to help offload some passengers in the event of a subway shutdown     finch e has the .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds   news .
wow a terrorist who didnt come across the border  not a muslim and not brown but has shutdown an entire cities sch .
one of deltas friends is gone  sadly   .
kenya airways flight to johannesburg cleared for take off as temporary shutdown lifted .
1523 11 10164 black ant down agri land grey to bottom divider of wall   small ba there and to down  tiny yellow ant .
 dannowicki  rafaelcarranza  azcentral trump has single handedly created the whole mess  republicans had full contr .
deportation order for girl  11  draws outrage  the deportation order has been attributed to a court error and the ch .
 zustrelaax  shukla tarun  jetairways zero   the total outstanding payemnt is now close to 10 000 cr and debt on re .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision  .
 catholicleague shameful that christians are always being shutdown for expressing the reality of the constant attac .
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown              listen on spotify    .
delete your ex    shutdown your crush    format your past    reprogram your heart  and restart your life .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  rt.
 ctgallacher  dmarty77  yannikyriacos  deeaann0 luke will try to aggressively counter  and i don t think jon will g .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps .
 bc 1236  rstanleynhl  kmartel sports its a short series  they can manage  the problem is that to this point nsh h .
 tsn sports you got shutdown plain and simple.
shutdown update  driver reaction mixed across thecountry  .
 reddoor2000  jwhall  arifleischer  montemjn yes  let s do the clinton foundation  trump foundation is now shutdown .
real gdp in q1 2019 is likely to be 2 5   even with the government shutdown and all the fretting about trade wars  .
with the  lhc shutdown for 2 years  whats going on at the atlas experiment  check in with the teams at work underg .
 entergy offloads its  indian point nuke plant to a far less capitalized holding company  comprehensive decommissio .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify         .
one of the worst moments  when ur working on your pc and u have literally 30 pages windows opened and ur trying to .
   .
 dpsnewsnow has set the precedent that a single terrorist can shutdown society  .
baru kali ini lembaga survei yg muncul di tv diragukan  bahkan pihak  02 menandingi dgn real count versinya sendiri .
 xeni shutdown .
yes  kingfisher never recovered from the shutdown  .
proxy season 2019  more complexity  more uncertainty  more micromanaging  if you re a corp and securities geek  rea .
how once the torch bearer of successful private airline in  india  jetairways is in such a bad shape  jet airways t .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
 anupampkher  jetairways travel people via plane customer increasing but indian airline company running in loss  re .
 ironicfirefly you would think the party leader would have made him shutdown his social media and curtailed his tv .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
hirap hirap buhayin nung phone ko nalaglag pa kagabi then boom shutdown.
government actions have caused the shutdown of two charities accused of distributing misleading appeals  follow the .
jet airways has announced a temporary shutdown from tonight due to working capital constraints  jet has assured tha .
i pray that every kid that plays for shutdown gets a free ride to college   i want to see all of them make it to th .
 extinctionr those idiots who glued themselves to the train should be sued for lost revenues by both the dlr and an .
  exclusive  business news   india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
government shutdown  stepping up for your members   cuinsight   how can credit unions step up for their members   .
the alexandra total shutdown movement is set to meet an intergovernmental forum headed by co operative governance m .
the alexandra total shutdown movement is set to meet an intergovernmental forum headed by co operative governance m .
one woman has managed to shutdown all these schools in denver   via  nytimes.
 thenamecast  sahilkapur where is the policy roll out on that  ok lus not to mention all the down steam jobs  airpl .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
agora imaginem se um dia houver um shutdown na internet    mesmo que seja apenas por um dia   greves  theendoftheworld  apocalypse.
 sabrinacassiope tp kene tengok jugak dari segi long term career ye  tau kan on semiconductor tu nak lingkup dah  e .
how long is jets temporary shutdown gonna last for .
tirupur has shut down in last 3 years most of the i major units due to shutdown of its supporting ancillary units  .
 skynews  sadiqkhan nothin in the news about  operationshutdown  operationshut19 westminster bridge is shutdown wit .
 amp  70 thousand lives annually  now compare this to the efforts behind the wall mexico isn t paying for and will neve .
what if a  government shutdown didn t leave your  aviation clients waiting in long lines at security  or air traffi .
 catastrfy i doubt it  might go to food pantry   neighbor s hub works for gov  was affected by shutdown  they went .
lawmakers introduce protections for federal employee health benefits ahead of future shutdowns   federal news netwo .
 jetairways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
jet airways suspends operations  a long battle for survival is heading towards the end game  capital in the markets .
well respected pollsters show deep effect during government shutdown  but no bounce up from barr report  .
we ve launched a dedicated  metroshutdown page w  transit options for your business located in  crystalcityva  .
seattle seahawks nfl draft retrospective   fansided           how does the seattle seahawks 20 .
 kindofdelirious peace  maybe try writing down a pros and cons list when you first get home while you re still some .
 .
so sad to know this   please bounce back   jetairways    jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the eco .
 iam davido alabama shutdown .
sonoma state issued a  boil water  notice to students early last week after a well pump failed in its water system     .
jet airways crisis  jet airways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds  report   jetairways .
talk about a total shutdown    .
this reminds me of  donaldtrump  who  shutdown the government because he didn t get funds for his phony  borderwall .
my free speech was totally shutdown .
 rpdbrodie  janbennett65  pawsomepensions security shutdown here  not a morsel worth stealing left out  just biding .
twitter coverage  mostly from yesterday  of denver schools then lockin  now shutdown      several denver area schools .
 randomphysics  ggmasterfunk  gopamericanmom i was never much of a fan of lee s  especially after his and cruz s 20 .
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 woes  via  twtravelnews.
 garuda501  thanos idn sementara suara belum 1    02 unggul    puncaknya tengah malam mereka giat menginjeksi .
american air sees hit to revenue gauge on 737  u s  shutdown  .
 rcat79  krld it is very sad    and it s not the only thing we re thinking about  but that hw shutdown affects thou .
 cofymars cr   backspace   delete delete delete   shutdown.
 shuvankr jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now     via the ec .
 miss snuffy  jeremycorbyn wants to shutdown free schools so he can manipulate the education system  he also has 2 low grade o levels.
 mmfa  benshapiro  washingtonpost your group of partisan liars should shutdown.
oxford circus shutdown end of day 2  extinctionr  oxfordcircus  internationalrebellion .
 akosikitchie  pinoymommy i would like to think na nagkataon lang na nagkasabay sabay ang shutdown ng mga generatio .
problemas con la hora en as   actualiza el runtime de java a 1 8 como mnimo     2019 04 17 10 59 10 023 info   org jb .
much drama amid elections  defying all popular opinion so far  of the  bjp4india government stepping in to bail .
 akaebube inec and the apc know the truth that atiku won like everyone of us but they will openly resist it by hook .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates but the issue isnt skepta making hip hop  praise da lord .
 lauraballard96  sandcfestival shutdown pending  can t wait    .
traffic alert    county highway 395 just north of  30a will be shutdown between w grove ave and e royal fern way un .
do we have     to burn in ms   didn t we just have another school district shutdown last week  i mean a consolidati .
house energy generation subcommittee hearing from dean murphy of the brattle group which put together a study  impa .
 jana khaye literal na shutdown aa naman walang kaalam alam.
mazbatay byle bi parody eliinde kutluyorum  mazbatageldi    havadaaaa laaaikkkliiiikkk koookuuusuuuuu vaaaarrr    e .
 angrierwhstaff it needs to shutdown  its destroying america  constant distortion  .
united coo hart outlines headwinds  ual faced in q1  fed govt shutdown  pakistani airspace closure  b39m grounding .
 timheuer  gprasadholla  openlivewriter  shanselman blogger changed their image upload api due to google  shutdown  .
certified mail to gov ron desantis who is another lawyer  amp  soldier hiding this us resource of earths healthiest spr .
flight kq 762 to jo burg from nbo is now scheduled to depart at 1930hrs  all passengers have been processed and the .
veterinarians cat caf shutdown over allegations of cat cruelty .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   dejected to see one of my preferred airlines in such a mess  .
hearing from my brother in the usmc stationed in colorado about this denver wide school shutdown caused by a columb .
hi everyone   the name is marc anthony carrasco      i use to have a twitter account until it got shutdown so im sta .
tangina nag shutdown pa phone ko e puta rank yun e  panalo na sana .
craig debolt here for action jackson with an i 85 south shutdown  truck fire  103 3 95 9 earth fm wrth .
 monmouthpoll  realdonaldtrump one interesting feature of trump s job approval scores is how they don t seem to ris .
 aoc  jarodtweettrash  repjayapal but if the government tries to manufacture the drugs what happens during a government shutdown  2 2.
in light of today s denver metro school shutdown  we ve added a storytime  join us at 10 30am  and again at 4pm for .
 tombrady  patriots sorry  unimpressed    belicheck is the guy if you ask me  he was the brains behind the parcells .
the fight between sind and pakistan doesn t seem to end  after sind cm is summoned by nab and profitable train and .
shutdown    .
unless govt tell the truth about climate change  social disruption will continue  without action  widespread social .
bazyb x marco the dj   birthday shutdown ft  riky rick     3 may   carfax   save the date    more info out soon   .
 monmouthpoll  realdonaldtrump though it doesn t show up as much in this poll  the government shutdown also took a .
 .
desks will be covered in the same color red as the red that represents the republicon parity      time for governemen .
 byron stine  whaleyvickie  speakerpelosi are you using pulling out for leverage  the president did that with our c .
 indconsrebel  realdonaldtrump it was during the daca shutdown of 2018  and included in schumers proposal was full .
 alex07443421  weeglmanz  andrewyang they need to compete by offering an attractive experience  not sure how  but .
despite strong financials  munoz says 1q19 was  not an easy quarter   citing the  737max grounding  gov t shutdown and weather .
due to the fbi manhunt  many parents throughout colorado are dealing with school closures  and employees with child .
regardez la raction de la police lorsquun manif a tout arrt au centre ville  londres     if this is what it ta .
thats ok  but what about my jp miles  why should i pay more for my travels now  who is responsible   jetairways .
 as for the joshua trees  land said  rangers could find just one that seemed to have sustained major damage in the .
this saturday     dallas  amp  fort worth   its white out season  join the mansfield  cedar hill alumni chapter of k .
to all the good meals on jet flights  adieu     .
it is a sad day in the history of indian aviation   the airlines served the country for years and had great reputat .
 cakemaestro042  ujamidaize  iam mhykie  chydymmarh  dr spex  jiggest   khenniee   stansbaby  itsmrkemji  bubee o c .
und deshalb auch mal shoutout an meinen longterm partner  skinbaronde einige schnapper wurden gefahren nach opskins .
jetzt amtlich  erdogan partei verliert istanbul  gut so  der shutdown von kanaken adolf hat .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
 badjamjam it s a few days before the shit hits the fan  he said he d proclaim the bill in the first hour    so som .
at this point since the banks are definitely going to take a haircut and we ll pay for it     govt  should just takeo .
 andrewfeinberg  lawrence  realdonaldtrump and during the shutdown when dems were going on vacations  trying to lea .
 breakingnews    news of    climateaction in london by  extinctionr reaches the us via  euronews     metro  shutdown for .
shutdown squad  we will play in a tournament this saturday only at jesuit college prep dallas tx   no tournament fo .
i shutdown so fast when im tired   so im fine fine fine to i hate everything and i want nothing to do with anyone.
 djsaviation admit it  the airline will go into administration  bankruptcy shutdown  as i post this .
jet airways to stop all operations   this will impact airfreight in and out india       india  airfreight  jetairways .
leicester shutdown  unafrikshow     saturday 04 05 19     get ur tickets now .
  marya k  wadem117 let s say that you allow  i don t know  20 shots at goal   15 on goal all game  with a reasonab .
 c00ldaddy26  sonnyblaq70  jimkilbane  realdonaldtrump not even a question that signifies a response  why did yours .
great smoky mountains campgrounds  facility openings delayed this spring due to shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile what a joke  these news outlets need to be shutdown  they confus .
easter weekend travel chaos fears as drivers told  stay at home  .
beledyeler shutdown            .
 dbongino same as aoc   congress should suspend its own pay while govt is shutdown  did she do it  left hypocrisy  .
 googleplus is officially gone  you might think it doesn t matter  but it s death offers some important social medi .
 ingrahamangle let s face it they wouldn t come back to end the shutdown  may potus should have gone to hawaii.
q  shutdown was already called on this object or the object that owns it  when that pops what do you see   a  i ge .
 iam davido touchdown to shutdown.
the entire denver metro school system is shutdown and parents are dealing with how to explain this to their kids be .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl the article is about the budget  the quote says mcconnell would not get 60 votes to .
this weeks  eastlondonenquirer front page  operation shutdown  bereaved mum talks about her sons death  .
 hassan iqbal 96  wileyupdates that was  16   amp  songs since then none were that s not me shutdown  stormzy didnt hav .
 78  of americans live paycheck to paycheck  including many government workers affected by the shutdown     breaking.
schools  hundreds of schools are shutdown  thousands of students are affected  she s armed  yes she  she s 18  her .
 arifleischer  donaldjtrumpjr ummmm hey  so the family who actually ran a fraudulent charity probably shouldn t go .
terrible  painful shutdown of  jetairways  travellers and employees didnt deserve this  govt stays away in the pol .
 statswithkate good shutdown hockey is boring  kate .
 wadem117 may i suggest they play some good shutdown hockey instead .
centrus part 5  the dirty shutdown of the paducah plant .
 operationshutdown have shutdown westminster bridge    our bridge  our children  our streets     .
highway patrol says theyre doing all the can and working as fast as they can to get traffic back moving  right now .
ngo mvulo yangibamba i  shutdown yekwagga bengayokbawa amalalo emzini  cabanga ngisuke e polokwane ngiyostaka emtet .
curtains have fallen for  jetairways   26 years after it was introduced to domestic and international routes     las .
 hidefpanda i was in div 6 at 217 i shutdown last night and patch must have brought me back down   all good still grinding.
our india is growing under  narendramodi govt   bsnl   hal    postoffice everything now going to tupp  and modiji i .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
 india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request sources  by reuters via nyt .
 bestinflightldj  sethabramson possible  but i think most of them have already bet everything on trumpism  anti dem .
 realdonaldtrump rerun from the shutdown    snooze.
 lt an 18 year old with a shotgun has virtually shutdown the front range of colorado gt .
 pmandbmom  amboybicker  hillaryclinton  leahgreenb  ezralevin  indivisibleteam  onwardtogether  ayannapressley it .
with such a small sample size  137 min of 5v5  and a truly remarkable offensive effort by dal in game three  this s .
 barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  lauriebriggs11  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
troubled carrier jetairwayshas decided to temporarily suspend all flights from tonight  with no cash to run opera .
 realdonaldtrump why dont you advertise how you negatively affected many working class people with your shutdown s .
so  jetairways shutdown     jetairways  sureshpprabhu.
see folx media wondering if  petebuttigieg sodom and gomorrah  heckler shutdown was prepared as if a manufactured .
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request  sources  .
one thing that  jetairways has always followed is   not following the rat race  .
no  timryan you failed  look at shutdown gm in your own backyard   .
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request   sources .
after the longest government  shutdown in u s  history ended  a  prudential survey of federal employees exposed the .
o zaman  beledyieler shutdown  .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump shaking in your gucci shoes jr  dems sdny doj  amp  who knows how many others are look .
not even given an oxygen mask      pilots  crew  staff need to be paid out       jetairwayscrisis    jetairways shutdow .
nagarparkar residents plan shutdown over persisting water shortage    nagarparkarneedswater    dawn courage .
 lmao  ayyy they shutdown .
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject    .
just in   delta partner  jetairways collapses  cancels all flights worldwide causing passengers to scramble  .
 premtwt it was a media shutdown on that day  chumma nai adi pei adi after looking at the score card .
 jetairways is going to shutdown tonight  last flight at 10 30pm   read at   .
belediyeler shutdown    mazbatageldi.
 gasbuddydan not a shutdown     a repurposing    more oil   less gas    piss off horgan  premier kenney will do what .
rip full .
the san antonio commanders  front office feels it was  misled  in the wake of the aaf s unexpected shutdown      we t .
sad to see   jetairways finally out of money  suspending all flights  add them to the growing list of recent failed .
8 people hurt in alligator alley crash  northbound lanes shutdown   apr 17   10 01 am et  .
 jetairways shutdown  .
 tfas trustee frank donatelli explains trump s approval ratings in  newsweek    .
shout outs to  superwozzy wg and whole wavy gang for the platform i m grateful   thankful      slic19 was a blast .
i wanna know why niggas mad at  gameofthrones twitter meanwhile if beyonce poot it should warrant a govt shutdown.
the main library at goodwood will close early at 6 p m  today only  due to a scheduled power shutdown by entergy as .
imagine if chicago shutdown everytime some idiot livestreamed themselves with a gun threating to shoot people .
lots of discussion on how the planned  wmata 100 day shutdown will impact folks traveling to  reagan airport.
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request   sources .
this new subway map shows how the mta plans to work around the impending l train shutdown on nights and weekends  .
clean shutdown  .
jet airways suspends all operations from tonight    .
 geoffthorne  realcandaceo  robsmithonline liberal hate at its finest right here     and of course if this was aga .
update for all and any who are interested  i go to school at the university of denver  in colorado  there has been .
 tornadosis06  kristatheyoung1 unfortunately that s least likely  most likely the country will split into several p .
shutdown        .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
somehow the news of jet s miseries makes me really really sad  like  bhogleharsha  we all wish that it shall come o .
denver and surrounding school are shutdown because a woman has traveled from miami to denver with threats of carryi .
it is great to see that india is eventually marching towards real capitalism than until yet stigmatised capitalism .
 monumentlib  theblaze i dont see the problem a christian university that has a vp that is also a christian to spe .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the economic times .
 tayroyc paano un nagchacharge sya pero shutdown pa din.
 azuresupport hi  since yesterday the e mail alerts are send with delay of couple of hours   ex      notification for .
otak tengah shutdown ni.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
my own hometown of boston  who police shutdown an entire town to find the muslims who bombed us is now dumping our .
no matter what i thought of naresh goyal  its a sad day  the shutdown of jet airways hurts  thousands of workers u .
the last chevy cruze made in lordstown is up for auction  with proceeds benefiting the united way of youngstown .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 faizanawan1234  spectatorindex 20 days complete shutdown of oak airlines after india did an airstrike  bheekmango .
 india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request sources  by reuters via  nyt .
 nickrickles  goldenknights lol  nice  could never be a knights fan  would have to go different division  what s to .
 rachaelvenables  extinctionr  lbc shutdown is a pretty strong word .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
historically speaking  if my memory serves me well   no indian airline has ever restarted operations after a tempo .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   environment   the guar .
lenders to india s jet airways have refused to bail out the carrier  forcing the nations oldest surviving private .
 ndavamaningi  cdesetfree politically   the two main protagonists have been at each other s throats  and the politi .
 aigkenham  muslim parents in the uk pulled hundreds of children out of school  forcing a shutdown of recently impl .
 bjp4india  incindia  narendramodi if jet airways shutdown  questions will be raised on many accounts  it will be t .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  .
 raj samani  esdaniel true  the numbers are based on the cases that coveware covered  i can imagine that there is a .
personally feel  thevijaymallya didnt do anything wrong  he was running kfa when crude was  140  jet airways to su .
this line is unreal  its so long  longer than it was when the government shutdown was going on.
.
 several denver area schools   call it what it is  nearly the entire front range k 12 education system is shutdown .
and there it comes the temporary shutdown  jetairwayscrisis  awaazmarkets .
 india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request sources  by reuters via nyt .
 narendramodi if jet airways shutdown  questions will be raised on many accounts  it will be tough for bjp to explain  .
at last  news piece reflects reality on the ground at  extinctionrebellion businessmen  amp  lorry drivers disliking th .
fab video from the  extinctionrebellion protests in london from the guardian .
this is a sad moment for indian aviation   jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  .
 vinodkapri sir  my friend s internet cafe also shutdown  he s defaulted on his loan  amp  lenders not showing any merc .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  .
 cugoose ya  i can only imagine the fear that gives you and other parents  would definitely rather than frustration .
 benibble  cryptosporideum  realdonaldtrump who voted to shutdown  class dismissed .
 tsamspeedy  krassenstein  hillreporter government shutdown aside  what actual accomplishments have they made     the .
found out this was the pic that got my first insta shutdown because it just got immediately taken down for violatin .
beledyeler shutdown   mazbatageldi.
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes  .
people are so ready for this .
 sugataghoshet  sanam et  jetairways it doesnt make sense to put in more money till you get to know how much amoun .
 baba9773 it might  still a bit worried of the impact of the government shutdown since gov spending is added to gdp .
 adamsinger i cried when geocities shutdown    so theres that lol.
may 5th  1993  first jet airways flight     april 17th  2019  jet airways announces temporary shutdown      26years .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   its sad that no one could intervene on time to save what was .
 pookiepack .
67  1 5w.
 mrrodtaylor 1k.
please remember there was one of the longest shut downs ever between the time that the democrats took over congress .
after dream market announces shutdown  ransomware distributors turn to google ads  .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now .
 bestbirbmedivh     i mean have peeps even thought about whatll happen the day the servers are finally shutdown    .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm .
who will now take  suomoto notice  when we the employees of  ucgprojectthar  tharcoal  block05  thar  sindh were on .
 pmoindia  sir i am small travel agent and do ticketing on jetairways directly as i am iata agent   my payment gate .
the latest update from the shutdown at south campus  .
stocks to buy for the next government shutdown   consumergoods  dea  epr .
  jetairways  you ll be missed  has always been my first choice     ref    jet airways to temporarily suspend operatio .
 narendramodi sir i am small travel agent and do ticketing on jetairways directly as i am iata agent   my payment g .
jet airways seeks emergency funding to stave off shutdown  .
  drebaker1 was banging out 300 push ups a day when he was still in grade school    .
 clover1292  bretbaier  joenbc  specialreport i guess its a lie that fat donnies charity is shutdown  him and his .
anybody besides me notice  realdonaldtrump donald trump dropped pencil neck when twitter responded with vagina n .
london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown    if this is what it takes  .
fact trump backing off mexico border shutdown a big relief for us carmakers as auto sales tumble.
help reduce our energy use by turning off electrical equipment  where this can safely be done  during the easter .
 realdonaldtrump are you still missing your vacation from your latest government shutdown  .
 roxanne nm  formerdemocrat2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  abc but still she was was going while a shutdown was in e .
jet airways to temporarily suspend operations after banks reject    .
bazy b x marco the dj   birthday shutdown ft  riky rick     3 may   carfax   save the date   carfax newtown .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl what i do know is not to accept blanket statements from liberals as fact     most bil .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now  .
 realdonaldtrump is this a re tweet from christmas shutdown sir .
 stephen taylor he has no plan    he is a fucking blowhard  like ford     organised  conservatism  is now explicitly .
 roxanne nm  formerdemocrat2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  abc a shutdown he avoided once to appease the democrats a .
 jetairways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now     via the economic tim .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
a few have grudges and many have love  a shutdown can impact many lives    lets be better humans and save lives .
local bhangra community  apnavirsaslough shutdown  tesco with a bhangra flash mob celebrating vaisakhi    .
loving the reports from london  and around the world  this week    if this is what it takes   london reacts to the .
critics slam pseg s notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision    .
 grazvegas80 exactly    i m thinking this may be the precursor to death or a complete mental shutdown  at the very least .
 hockeyandsex  roxanne nm  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump a shutdown that needed to happen because congress is highly i .
 lrihendry  cvpayne  pscully1812 hows trumps charity doing  oh its shutdown  and the family  including fat donnie .
flying  jetairways was always a delightful experience  i hope they bounce back soon     jet airways to shut operation .
 jetairways make sure you have enough fuel in the aircraft   your last should not be last for the people on your fl .
well  i ll just shutdown .
it services shutdown during the york flood in 2015  this  proca paper looks at the economic impact of the shutdown .
 charliekirk11 what ever happened to trumps charity foundation   oh yeah  thats right    shutdown .
another airline bites the dust     till the time the cost structure of running airlines is not brought down or anti c .
 cvpayne we only like presidents and their children who have their charity shutdown  and are banned from serving o .
the airline is saying that this is a  temporary suspension of all operations   however  what is failing to be menti .
  jetairways to  shut  operations  today   lastflight at 10 30 pm   .
shutdown    .
it s two days past tax day and i got my federal return one month ago  but still waiting on state  was it the federa .
  jetairwayscrisis.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
sad demise of my favourite  airlines    jetairways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  .
i know the reason why i came over was to be a shutdown guy  and i havent been shutting it down     starling marte .
    shutdown.
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown acrossuk  .
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown acrossuk  .
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown acrossuk  .
russia teaches the world about independence and sustainability  has its own internet in case of global internet sh .
 hockeyandsex  formerdemocrat2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump a shutdown he called right before christmas  and she did .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now  via  economictimes.
jet airways to temporarily suspend operations after banks reject funding request  sources .
 septa social  septa been over 30 minutes at tasker morris  about 5 southbound trains have gone by and one empty shutdown northbound train .
 owillis its between this and the one with gamers for internet shutdown of the day .
  igetbuckets21  5tephhhh i see youre confusing the team with the most wins a season in nba history plus kevin dur .
proof goes my jet privilege platinum membership       s5x5 .
some loser bitch flew from florida to denver  bout shotguns and ammo  and has every single jeffco school shutdown today  people are crazy.
have you shutdown all oil exports thru bc yet  what are you waiting for  you promised     jkenney how shipping less .
there you d need tech  do u really think it s about the wall with trump  before   during the trump shutdown  dems as .
crosby s stat line from the series his team just lost  it s a game changer when he gets shutdown   nyislanders  lgi .
bazy b x marco the dj birthday shutdown  ft  riky rick  save the date 3 may   carfax newtown .
jet airways to temporarily suspend ops after banks reject funding request   sources .
ang perfect na ng lahat sa isip ko pero pag isusulat ko na sya parang biglang nagsha shutdown yung mga brain cells ko huhuhuhuhu   .
hurriyat conference chairman  syed ali shah geelani urged people for complete election boycott and shutdown for tom .
bazy b x marco the dj birthday shutdown  ft  riky rick  save the date 3 may   carfax newtown .
havada laiklik kokusus var  ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss  .
.
 smartone2000  tictoctick great point  if they shutdown the sub business  the markets would lack dumb retail money  .
we are closed today 04 17 due to the denver wide school shutdownapologies for the inconvenience .
 realdonaldtrump wrong  amp  lie     facts     trump  amp   gop got nothing done on immigration over last 2yrs when they contr .
dream market staff comment on the market shutdown  .
operation shutdown outside downing street ricky haydens mum speaks to the crowds  never be forgotten .
 advchaser  amyrose77253769 there s no credible evidence to blame islamists on the  notredamecathedralfire     noneth .
operation shutdown happening now in downing street  operationshut19 .
operation shutdown outside downing street  operationshut19 .
 political tool  bashirmohamed there will be no  economic recovery   they will say its because of notley s ndp that .
shut operating    .
james paxton shutdown the red sox last night  in what is his best start as a member of the yankees   pinstripepride .
furthermore  the call for zero emissions by 2025 is massively unrealistic  this would only be possible with the com .
 askmenfess force shutdown.
operation shutdown happening now  let their voices be heard  operationshut19 .
.
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes .
i mma find this bitch and block her  right quick  toxic bitch   via  boredpanda.
out now   new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown   listen on spotify    .
 rnaianalyst there was the government shutdown though  no .
 antiknifeuk2019 do you know what operation shutdown is .
sad end of  jetairways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now .
two days before it learns whether its nuclear plants will win lucrative subsidies  pseg nuclear filed notices with .
jkia temporarily shutdown after a commotion on a kenya airways flight destined to johannesburg over fake bomb alarm .
  metrotrains  ptv official  metrotunnelvic   when will you be providing info about the planned shutdown of the san .
update  a crash has sr 528 wb shutdown at dallas blvd  alt  sr 520 to sr 50  orlandotraffic.
 who    am   i  listrik mahal mending di shutdown bentar .
jet airways to temporarily suspend operations after banks reject funding request .
sad reality   jetairways .
really really sad to see this one going down   jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et n .
 realdonaldtrump just dont count the carrier employees or the gm employees  or the women  or lgbtq  or the governm .
this b has been one minute away 3 minutes now  where are your trains  why are you not running a subway service  wha .
 trump2020ak  tokenwhitedude  walshfreedom there was a settlement  .
 cxlibri he is about to flash out q w 4th shot and shutdown camille    with style.
oxford st  shutdown  day 3  extinctionrebellion  climatechange .
 friskiefeline  supportourlefty it s like with illegal downloading  one site gets shutdown another 3 are there to t .
 .
a view from the front of the fire that has shutdown flatbush avenue at e  45th street in  brooklyn  massive  fdny r .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now  .
 realdonaldtrump dont forget the democrats took vacation during the shutdown  they dont care .
4days na mag shutdown ang system ng tm  globe  smart  tnt  sun  bwenas na lng sa mga may stock pang load sa mga store .
 trump2020ak  tokenwhitedude  walshfreedom .
why do i know this person s face  i swear i ve seen the photo on the left online before     long before she prompted .
 zstoltenburg  realdonaldtrump also  if all of this indirect money is going to be coming in  why was the government shutdown for 35 days .
today is a day of shutdown and dissociative episodes    i ve managed to drive myself to therapy and back  cook myse .
 jetairways is this true      got a flight on friday and tuesday  concerned      .
with  jetairways possibly closing down operations tonight many of its service providers also may lose the money tha .
too much   i just put my pyjamas on and hopped deep under my blankets  my body has officially shutdown  .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now  via  economictimes.
i want a shutdown bullpen as much as anybody  but theres a reason none of us twitter gms are actual gms   chopon.
 boogiepopprobin  peta owes that family far more than  49 000  they should have been sued into shutdown considering .
men that carry the entire relationship on their backs are trying  it s like walking around glass  you cant tell her .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown   listen on spotify   .
check out the movesonly delta ms shutdown shows  never ever perform before or after her  she ll show you fl .
one of the reasons for poor performance  the company said was the temporary government shutdown   really   sounds l .
this is as much a commentary on the absence of  incentives to utilize ibc  as it is on lenders  in a post ibc time  .
 realdonaldtrump poppycock golfing king remember the government shutdown 800 000 american jobs people suffered whil .
            jetairways   shutdown    .
near shutdown of  jetairways is heart breaking  mismanagement by executives has cost hard working employees dearly  .
 realdonaldtrump on vacation again   damn they all went on vacation while govt was shutdown   that was only a coupl .
jet airways saga carries on indian corporate governance banks kyc in question     whats at stake for other airlines .
 .
 varailxpress why is service so consistently slow recently  it seems like there is some new problem every day  what .
 cpimspeak yes   give  to communist and shutdown the industries on the name of unions  communist    6  .
shutdown pre kala ko madaling araw na hahahahaha.
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch maybe you should shutdown the fbi.
 equifax  corrupt  betrayal  liars  untrustworthy  leakers  databreachers  collusion  shutdown  equifax.
 rosactrl  channingwalton  vamchale  .
 suntimes leave it to  aldpatdowell3rd to continuously shutdown projects that encourage growth and sustainable tran .
 pjwfoster  .
business news         kolkata s shutdown shutdown   .
 cnbctv18exclusive banks turn down  jetairways request to infuse rs 400 cr into airline  say there s no visibility .
 malaahmed2  kthopkins youve just been shutdown from someone with a different agenda to yours .
winky d  jah prayzah to shutdown zift .
system is shutdown.
 .
if you re traveling either direction on sh 6 near osr  be careful  the road is shutdown heading north and south   .
ask the underwriter  how will the government shutdown affect borrowers seeking a mortgage      expert commentary  by .
 pverheij  klm .
 faisalkahmed  tim cook  .
surely the systematic shutdown of the entire planet and ecosystem merits an explanation  without being interrupted  .
 callebautgrgory  applesupport  apple  pjwfoster  .
 arohaph97 di ko nga napansin eh hahahahaahah literal na shutdown yiiee astro yan ih.
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown   .
o meu corpo e a minha mente to a dar shutdown.
 tj johnson 4all  wmata not only can an incident like this shutdown an entire line  it can also bring the entire sy .
columbia housing authority spent  756k on food  hotel expenses related to allen benedict court shutdown .
