israels border wall  next mexicos border fence with gun towers  and then the american border    whos screaming at .
 the life and death of aida hernndez   in the story of one mexican american womans life  we can see the whole tra .
i feel kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
 update  more than 5 000 palestinians along the  gaza border fence  rioters throwing stones and explosives towards .
i had a  republican friend tell me mexico has a southern border wall no they don t do your homework  republicans   .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 update  more than 5 000 palestinians along the  gaza border fence  rioters throwing stones and explosives towards .
please retweet to everyone       few americans know about this incredible border barrier solution        formidable barrier .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov i hear  resources and staff  but i don t hear is us also needs        formidable barriers and se .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         electr .
this is madness      illegals storm mexicos southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   .
 ipot1776 taxus      why do i think texas       feb 6  2019  trump falsely said el paso was a hub of violent crime before .
 asher elbein  texasobserver  emma marris i went to sps in late december  such a jewel  are there any updates about .
 vaughn hilton the only thing hes done  mega tax cuts for corporations  amp  wealthy       border wall  nope  he just take .
mexico could stop them  if they wanted to  gt illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant car .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
a north dakota company demonstrated to members of congress including sen  cramer how the private company can build .
montana sen   stevedaines says he ll donate his vacation time at the us southern border   i ll search vehicles  swe .
   time to line our border with our troops  this is insane .
 jgreen22co  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump wow  how do you compare a fence around a home to a fence alon .
 breaking what happened   hamas uses a rifle like the israeli snipers that maim and kill unarmed children at .
 cathyann63  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump they re replacing old fence with new fence         .
 rikjohnston1  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump you mean  he has seen old parts of existing fence being replaced with .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
 maga  mindmixradio  celtgunn  cs00582sc  ma liky   txtrumpette89    atomic news report  new mexico border crisis tra .
 serendipitymg  accuracyinmedia  ryanafournier the picture is a wall  raised fence construction going on as part of .
 gaza  israeli forces targeted a hamas hamas affiliated position with aircraft and a tank close to the border fence .
here on the lebanon border is an israel army post and fence  security was heightened last fall in the lead up to th .
 breaking   idf says aircraft  tank struck two  hamas positions in  gaza in response to earlier shootings at israel .
 geektoylove  elvis bob  annastoya  b fung sure when dragons exist    notice how they couldnt cross before that    .
border patrol apprehends nearly 1 000 at the border in just one day  report  looking at thi .
trump base   amp  many folks who were on the fence  know that all of this has been  ridiculousbullshit  new day  new ba .
 lrihendry all they care about are the people that want to destroy america and the law breaking fence jumpers at the southern border .
fact kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
 daveterry44  georgegalloway and within weeks several leaders of eu countries were saying exactly that  hungary was .
 markhumphrys  foley declan mass attack suggests they were collectively attacking border fence which the video prov .
pvc wire beautiful products   green concertina razor coil   barbed wire    pvc coated wire small coil   border fence mesh .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border      if curbing illegal immigration is the goal  as po .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border      if curbing illegal immigration is the goal  as po .
do we need purple paint on border fence and signs saying do not enter or will be prosecuted.
rumours of kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
she visited khurvaleti in nov 2017  amp  met with data vanishvili whose garden was divided by south ossetia border fenc .
fact border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area.
juu naweza jipata solo nimesimama uganda kwa border nagotea tu maboys kwa fence ya kenya kama msee amekaziwa kuingia club .
 realdailywire childish  n im sure bernie building the fence on border ya come on ann.
my opinion on open borders  your house has a fence or a wall  that s a border  the end .
illegal migrants have stormed mexicos southern border and burst through the fence to join the latest migrant cara .
i see nothing wrong with what they re doing by helping the border patrol out  this is why we need a wall or what hu .
 anncoulter not supporting the secure fence act was his original position  you are a hypocrite  .
 anncoulter he voted against the secure fence act .
 cernovich if he went back to his 2007 position      you mean when he supported amnesty  when he voted against e veri .
 rockymtnmsgt  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder this just in  the wall will leave your property on the me .
 blazetv  benfergusonshow instead of throwing our hands up  president trump needs to send the military down to the .
 rainmaker1973 for those who are on the fence about whether this is somehow a proposal that crosses boundaries of .
    orban credited border fence policies of deterrence for almost 100  drop in illegal crossin .
 conraddeitrick  markdavis  davidafrench you ask which policies the never trump conservatives ran on  lets see    clo .
 sebgorka  cnn hopeless   you could be talking to fence on the border  they would say  doesn t stop anytfbhing      t .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   it s lke the wa .
any man who proclaims himself a conservative  just before justifying blowing huge sums of money  spent to build a s .
 thehill we do have a crisis  we have 700 miles of border fence that is a crisis for nature  putting fence through .
the rational  moral  amp  easily possible position for neutral observers who want no one dead is that theyre well with .
 angela enders   iamanita d send him to nancy pelosi s home       i think she may have grandkids visiting occasionally  .
 ufowga  realjameswoods there are hundreds of miles where the border is wide open  no fence  no barrier  not even a .
 cnnpost  repmattgaetz a bunch of his  at the border  tweets were lies    he was at a fence manufacturer 100 miles .
 mrgenius7997  amethyst 1690  lorddwa  slract what is this fence between east and west belfast .
 amethyst 1690  lorddwa  slract  border solution if east belfast is so friendly why the need for the big fence up b .
 fall babylon  repseanduffy i agree  we cant imagine what its like to flee a country thats war torn or economic .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz .
 cal11172  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom  kamalaharris cages  do you mean chain link fenc .
 manpalestine but what will all the animals in the gaza border fence trying to breach it wear   lol.
 bethlynch2020 if they were seeking asylum they would have gone to a border checkpoint not cross where there is a g .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary and the people are requesting a fucking fence at the border .
 markhumphrys  paulomahony5 he was attempting to kill or killing no one and was blatantly no threat to the border f .
 1fubar and your back fence would have to be taken down to prevent a hard border      brexitparty uk.
 dcexaminer  adamschiff nobody believes you schiff  move on and actually do something in washington beside climbing .
 realdonaldtrump big lies continue to be told about the non existent wall  you know the fence that has an arrow tha .
 realdonaldtrump        build the wall  send in the military  use bullets     declare a national emergency     do not let t .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 inthematrixxx  potus remember  p  owns all railroads  at the south border there is also a train track within feet .
friday notebook preview  the border visits by d c  politicians are a farce  they only visit to get photos and video .
notebook preview  the border visits by d c  politicians are a useless farce  they only go for the photos and videos .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  cuban  amp  africans get violent w mexican .
black toxic water flowing through the border fence at smugglers gulch today  and 1 5 million gallons flowed through .
only on abc 7 at 6   muevanse  muevanse como vacas    that translates to   move  move like cattle        border patrol .
 deepsleeper8  callenfamily wasnt even thrown stoning distance from the border fence  amazing how far youll probe .
 senatorsinema seriously  can we talk about the human rights violations occurring at our border  in our names   the .
migrants attempt to cross us mexico border fence    nancy pelosi says we have no crisis at t .
in the story of one mexican american womans life  we can see the whole tragic story of the us mexico borders tran .
only on abc 7   borderpatrol tells me it is reviewing video allegedly showing one of its agents yelling at a group .
 boymomvb  magertje83  anncoulter all of the fencing that s going up is just replacing the fence built under the bu .
 thehill one mans attempt to show cnn and msnbc it is possible to be fair and balanced    if youre not a rabid lef .
 dolfer  emmya2  realdonaldtrump fence  wall  border  immoral wall  idgaf it is going up  .
 chaparro916  emmya2  realdonaldtrump from your own article   for  the pentagon to transfer  1 billion towards the .
 jackbox hey jack   i only get a 1 2 break for lunch    can you meet me at the canadian border crossing and huck a .
pentagon takes  1 billion from military personnel account to build border fence.
if congress put as much effort  money  concern and disgust into our border crisis as they do the pointless mueller .
how many miles if border fence could have been built to protect anerica instead of wasting it on a which hunt  .
 suhasinih and state is in hands of pakistan and indian forces must come out of the state now  right      i m guessin .
 warddpatrick  ericswalwell i m trying to figure out if  acosta tweeting at the border fence or  ericswalwell askin .
1800 migrants illegally enter el paso sector in one day   how are they anle to cross     rebuild the fence in these are .
el paso tx usa while driving a customer to their location i noticed border patrol agents with about 15 illegal migr .
 zaharias19  j a lewis86  chuck kopsho  charliekirk11  tpusa  ilhanmn the travel ban from muslim countries      and gue .
 faithful server  riemcaz she could have actually accomplished something if she d traveled to the border and dug a .
dlvr godfather illegals storm mexicos southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan     votered    votered.
border patrol agents near el paso earlier this week spotted a drone flying over the border fence 3 times one night  .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia       united constitutional patriots detained th .
 gracieusa1  mmpadellan screaming from the sideline in north korea  stomping his feet when called out  let alone st .
 rkj65 yes  45s cabinet has brazenly taken steps to say  to congress  they started building 57 mi of fence on th .
 texasfreedom101 florida needs a border fence .
 prestonoakley2 what we need to do is use that money and finish putting the fence and hiring more border patrol agents.
weve treated border security  really for the last 35 years  as the fence of a static line       we should look at .
 pxrxcetxmol time for a zara e azb in baluchistan    i hope they fence the border soon .
 naveed360 i doubt pakistan has money to make1km fence let alone entire iran border     may be pakistan can threaten .
migrant deaths by region since 2014  the fence along the greece turkey land border was built in 2013   .
 aoc the people living in gaza have their own territory and a border fence separates it from israel  i haven t seen .
 united constitutional patriots detained the group after watching them cross through a fence gap      .
 darrengrimes  funny i thought the border was between ni and eire  why is it ni s  britains  problem only  theres two sides to every fence .
 andishanasir gov of pak has always given open offer to afg  if you have any action of intelligence share with us  .
that s for products      what about people       if there are no passport controls on  eire s northern border    then  uk is .
huge gap in border fence near yuma  az   april  2019  via  youtube.
 mamendoza480 yes pls  realdonaldtrump  mickmulvaneyomb  gopleader pls look at this border fence .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov how about building the border fence or is this solution of yours an anything but build it sc .
 natsecjeff  anasmallick area not far away from iran    does pak have border fence with iran  .
 lt important rt gt  border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia   united constitutional patriots .
if the government could  build  those 5m houses just next to the  completed  kenya somali border fence  and  house  .
the barbed wire fence at the greece macedonia border was erected in august 2015 to stop refugees           the wire had .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5 prior to that  he oversaw miles of border fence replacement whic .
 realdonaldtrump mr president until the walis up why not call on more military troops  amp  line them up across the bor .
 farhankvirk ptm pushton tahfuz movement ni asal m atm afghani tahafuz movement hai  pak army should accelerate the .
my thoughts kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
alexandria       when you cross a border illegally   meaning you didn t present your passport at customs    you jumpe .
 latifwaxirii  fawadchaudhry jub tek kpk or balochistan ka border fence nahi hota yeh sub chalta rhy ga  .
democratic arizona senator kyrsten sinema calls on congress to secure the border          nati .
 anwaar kakar  officialdgispr  jam kamal ask the govt to fence the iran border.
when will pakistan fence that iran border   ormara  balochistan.
 ranaseesnsays not again  we ve been through alot  fence that iran border i think.
for those who dont know san diego  imperial beach is where the border fence runs into the pacific  border patrol s .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia        united constitutional patriots detained th .
 realdonaldtrump small sections of border fence are being repaired using funds initially appropriated by obama admi .
 realdonaldtrump donald  illegal immigrants going to the us border  we must warn that they will not be admitted to .
 repmattgaetz dear god  is there anybody in the  gop who doesn t lie their ass off        repmattgaetz  you are so bust .
 rey lowe funds donated to abf do not go into the general treasury  they are delivered directly to dhs per their ow .
 dearauntcrabby  mom2queenie  repmattgaetz an incredible privileged liar  auntie   telling people on twitter its t .
 harveystaub1  briankolfage i don t know  or vouch  for this outfit  but what about these hundreds of guatemalans s .
niko watches the deal while hiding behind a fence on the border of the site  he takes in the sights  observing the .
 enlieretzaheret  legally israel  carlos can do  rae97189446   mattharris   shoozer12  barkindavid  peppi1207 .
 178 lishf  legally israel  carlos can do  rae97189446   mattharris   shoozer12  barkindavid  peppi1207 .
u s  mexico border fence almost complete .
 barryisfunny  ilhanmn im hoping i miss understood the stupid part  i hope you where only referring to the depor .
we clearly know where is the problem    the border fence that separates india and pakistan is clearly visible from th .
 repandybiggsaz  repmattgaetz your a useless liar  you were 100 miles from the border with other liars  visiting a .
grainy black and white video released by the border patrol shows an dark object flying near light towers and over w .
 dearauntcrabby  repmattgaetz this is how i always picture gaetz    mouth agape  perhaps he s a mouth breather      .
 lynette530  grrrgraphics it appears that she has a border like fence running along the bottom of her previously open borders property .
    border crisis caught on video        300 illegals stopped    by armed militia       united constitutional patriots detaine .
 representmeaz  senatorsinema  freshproduceaa welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence .
 dpbullseye  repmattgaetz the border patrol caught them without the fence  gaetz is a first class moron  he took ph .
 repmattgaetz sounds like they need more border patrols  not an idiotic  outrageously expensive fence that anyone can go under or over .
 repmattgaetz they got caught because     actual border patrol agents were there  take the wall money  boost the bo .
don t fu   ck with the american people     stop lying     legal immigrants are welcome to the united states     illegal i .
 jaccal68  judgefudge5  cplbear  veronicatalbot9  178 lishf  yoni yonder  theantiantizio1  immort4l legacy .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militiaunited constitutional patriots detained the g .
 aoc you have to be the most stupid person alive along with your followers to believe that kids are being put in ca .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia   united constitutional patriots detained the .
minutes ago  over 40 illegal immigrants caught at the border  two border patrol agents are leading them to processi .
minutes ago  over 40 illegal immigrants caught at the border  two border patrol agents are leading them to processi .
 cbparizona  cbp the border fence is leaking again .
 csmatteson  senatorsinema  dhsgov check what hungary did to secure their border  their figures show it is an amazi .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov where we in az need more resources is the 200  miles of border where there is no fence or an .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia    united constitutional patriots detained th .
 kalejphoto  czarcasm23  isiah4congress  aoc yes i understand what you are saying   in my opinion   building a wall .
 aoc obama first caged families with chain link fence cells  you are lying to say differently  the news your libera .
 pstar bookmarks    border    fence    wall    mountains     gap    illegal    immigration     immigrants     drugs    crime     criminals .
 ilhanmn i want a secure usa border   keep all people no what nationality from entering this country  i believe the .
so far 2 arizona cities have pushed back on the  realdonaldtrump administrations efforts on the border  nogales to .
 kalejphoto  isiah4congress  aoc exactly  is the border going to have a wall or a fence then      commonsense101.
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump sections of the border wall fence were built under bush  amp  obama   a few miles have been repaired under trump.
flashback  they dont even try  hungarys new border fence called spectacular success   gt  .
 chrisjc12002 i d love to know just who is going to implement this  hard border  they keep rattling on about  if we .
 chiefriddim  jesusisjustight  jorgesxc   anniepaulma  vibewithdaisy because we all know a wall will do nothing   i .
 realdonaldtrump lets build a fence around california and open the border in san diego.
az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper  does any republican understand the difference between a .
why kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
hello president trump    please build our border fence before we help any other country rebuild anything       my heart .
on the day its border fence was completed  the influx of illegals entering hungary went down from 6 353 one day to .
 kristiniewinnie  jesusisjustight  jorgesxc   anniepaulma  vibewithdaisy you do realize less than half the border i .
 aoc i don t agree with caging kids either but what is wrong with having a wall on the border  it s just a barrier  .
what say you now       just dropped 75k in las cruces to handle illegal border crossers where there was no fence at all .
 coleneumann  jylsargent  sorensimonsen  sleepratlisa  realdonaldtrump the mexico usa migration has always been ver .
why border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
currently at the border fence in hidalgo awaiting the arrival of dhs acting secretary kevin mcaleenan  good sized m .
 thehill is it enough to build a border fence   or wall  how about getting flint clean water  puerto rico still nee .
we have already sent money to central america  that didn t work  and  what money did the democrats offer for the bo .
 letsroc137  amnesty  hrw  omarsshakir that is a complete lie  the marches are designed to break through the border .
1  eyes open   from this dec 2017 article      in 2006  rep  peter king  a new york republican  introduced a plan to bu .
 tommyhicksgop the president needs to shut the border down  congress will never fix this issue   the secure border  .
in el paso   cbp are apparently holding hundreds of asylum seekers in tents in a parking lot below paso del norte b .
 realdonaldtrump does that mean you wont be golfing at all during the government recess       but dont let me interru .
 repmattgaetz doing more filming     lying where you are     lying about a fence     lying about everything     you are too .
 talkradio nothing wrong with flying any flag     i wouldnt like it if it was on the border of my property  if i l .
 tmpena  finnwilson9  tracyfo47710566  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump i didnt say seeking asylum was illegal  i said c .
 repmattgaetz we are the greatest country in the world  yet we can t find a decent border fence   why   democrats  that s why .
 4yrstoday nope  my work involves travel between 3 different border cities where most immigrants come in and all i see is a pathetic fence .
.
watch  touring the us mexico border over arizona  you can see the current border fence between the mountains   ther .
 realdonaldtrump you still havent figured out the difference between a wall and a fence  a wall you cant see thro .
flashback  they dont even try  hungarys new border fence called spectacular success   gt  .
 latvia builds a 93 km  fence on the  border with russia   lithuania has also begun     at the end of 2018  russia bu .
not on the network news      .
 erinbiba and puerto ricans are still suffering after trump pulled fema funding and used it to play games with his border fence .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
 repmattgaetz  have another drinky drinky  liar   too bad youre standing by a  fence  prototype miles from the .
 lynnestone1968  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 harrisfaulkner yuma mayor border emergency  wondering where the 3 buses came from yesterday that dropped off 400 i .
my state  we have no tall border fence  only the 3  tall walk across barrier from bush era much of southern az is n .
mr  president  whaddya say     realdonaldtrump      kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 shaunknox4  trumprocks4u  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump 700 miles of fence already existed under obama    old section .
but hey  who cares because they re not your children being raped or murdered right  here are just a few of the .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
 i never knew it was strange to have a barbed wire fence around the perimeter of your school   great essay by  ssdp .
 bk9net  vp  cbp apparently you havnt kept up with recent events or the past history at the border      clinton on up u .
 woohookitty didnt donald at new fence was being built though  geez man  tell the idiot to get his facts straight  .
 senatorsinema  cbp senator sinema should understand that in order to have safe and secure trade in this country th .
 realdonaldtrump wtf   change the immigration laws or the border   and truthfully  only a small part of fence now being repaired .
 imrankhanpti dear sir i think all the terrorism in pakistan is only due to afganistan n iran     you should tie so .
 charlottecuthbo  briteeye777 if i was a land owner on the border i would give the usa the land needed to build the .
 travisakers so    he was at the border  he didn t claim that fence was on the border  and your tweet ranks right u .
 repmattgaetz and a fence wall that can be scaled will help     how exactly   use the wall money to increase border .
 thehill    we have a time now where you can use sensors and technologies and drones and a lot more to protect the .
in 2006 congress passed thesecure fence act  which mandated the construction of multilayer pedestrian fencing alon .
 foxnews describes how hundreds of illegals pulled up in buses and crossed the  border where  there was no fence  t .
 jbolo9476 no one is saying we don t need border security  no one  what we are saying is that a fence won t stop th .
.
so 400 migrants arrive by bus at yuma border where there is no fence  via bus  who is providing the buses     .
 speakerpelosi look what is happening in yuma az today   the mayor is declaring an emergency   bus loads of aliens .
 realdonaldtrump petty vengeance  lawlessness and hate will be trump s legacy    there is no new border  fence curren .
 lynnestone1968  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
top 10  hungary demands eu pay back costs of border fence   the rebel   .
pres  bush passed this     what happened    the secure fence act      authorizes the construction of hundreds of miles of a .
i have a solution to the illegals situation    1  dig a ditch along our s  border   2  let it fill with water from th .
families fleeing central america at our southern border will seem like a drop in the bucket once real .
1 1  congress does not want 2 work on border issues  they r a sorry state of affairs  they r picking their noses wh .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump and the wall isn t  being built   total bs  the border fence has been repaired in parts b .
 holoriginal  realdonaldtrump i m confused about the wording wall  fence and border security seemed to be one word at last .
 realdonaldtrump why  you have fence repair started under obama that you stand in front of and yell  wall  your del .
 saracarterdc  cityofyuma .
 johniadarola  futurama predicted trump   just watched s7 e3 where nixon is running for prez on building a fence on .
were out here  on the streets  in the shadows  in the kitchens  and inextricably in your lives  no wall or fence w .
 mattgaetz did he cross the border illegal or jump over the trump fence.
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc damned old turd  why should we build  anything  on our borders other t .
 realdonaldtrump translation  dems blah  blah  blah  border  blah  blah   sections of the fence that was already th .
 realdonaldtrump don  only fence replacements  you re such a  liar  and you created the problem at the border  you .
 fairimmigration  rmconservative  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc he stops short of deporting them  building government .
 realdonaldtrump for  trump  perception is more important than reality     trumps tweets boasting about new wall con .
out lie 2nd amendment bullshit when we want need assault weapons banned those guns are war weapons that our militar .
de blasio threatens to sue if trump sends immigrants to nyc  via  breitbartnews gt    he opposes .
watch  video shows droves of asylum seekers comprised of men  women and children  walking up a dirt road  they cros .
 judicialwatch just for those border deniers  take a good look at the terrain in this pic  straight up  fence the a .
 lul relloo i walk in godly form amongst the mortal men   i got some real demons across the border fence    and made a .
after one cruel month of fighting sfr styria and the republic of gamers  have signed a peace treaty  the republic o .
 realdonaldtrump why you always gotta be lying there s no new wall just refurbishing of old fence at the border  wh .
 realdonaldtrump you are not responsible for a single section of wall being built  all construction on the border i .
 realdonaldtrump no section of any  wall  is being built or has been built along the border during the donald perio .
 realdonaldtrump please spend some of that money and build a border fence on my property because i have animals migrating onto my land .
top 10  hungary demands eu pay back costs of border fence   the rebel   .
lahore  according to sources  technical experts and foreign office officials from both sides are participating in t .
we need improved  border barriers  it is obviously not ok that anyone can just hop the fence like you re cutting th .
 realjameswoods send these ones to california  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack pol .
  realdonaldtrump hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 alexmaj22537651  cnn not a big fence  more judges  social workers border agents  faster moving asylum request proc .
 aclu the law of the land declares immigrants must pass through legitimate border crossings  correct  how would you .
 taslimanasreen ma am  god is neither misogynist nor misandrist  it is we the human being who created home  fence  .
 veritascocktail  realdlhughley reagan would be considered a lefty today bc he said usa didnt need a fence on our .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
if this is not a hostile invasionary force  what is  .
i think that pentagon takes  1 billion from military personnel account to build border fence.
 gothshiva  cjwerleman  hinaafroz those are ttp  we fought with them in sawat  north waziristan  amp  fata  amp  we defeat .
 scottlucas ea that s not the claim i m referring to  i m talking about how beto wants to take down the existing border fence .
 jenben1969 do u have aging parents near the border  we have guns all over the house now  amp  im visiting bc 2 weeks .
 gulalai ismail  gabeeno  mjdawar first they kill taliban capture taliban controlled areas and now they want to giv .
 brexitparty uk if it comes down to a worst case  hard brexit  scenario  how would you implement a land border with .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 chantaladasilva  ladyjaka22  realdonaldtrump  newsweek  jimlaporta  ramsberry1 and all they would be willing to be .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
sucks to hear your daughter died but building a wall wont stop drugs from being trafficked  its not like they re to .
 thisisponytoast 6  is it a solid barrier  steel slats  maybe some chain link fence  plastic orange netting  maybe .
 kemmerlingcody  breitbartnews  repmattgaetz wall  fence  building has been going on for years  border walls are nothing new .
april 15  2019  issac abdul muti suwailm eshteiwi  16  died of injuries sustained when he wasshot by israeli force .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc great instead of a wall  build hundreds of miles of shelters along the .
amazing  that just has to stop   realdonaldtrump is spot on  fence off entire border  only way  use traps  armed gr .
taking bets on when every detention centre  amp  every border fence is torn down.
 keithdb80  lindilu8  blondie patriot  realdonaldtrump are you for real  there is vast land along the border with n .
the best view in chicago is staring at the trump tower  i hope trump puts up a gorgeous border wall  walls saved an .
human drama video  migrants shove children under arizona border fence lined with razor wire   .
 wednesdaywisdom  migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illeg .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
 realdonaldtrump problem solved under budget and installed quick quick  .
this is exactly what the demonrats want   they are on their way to our country  .
 juliancastro welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence 4 borders       keep cbp ice n 10mi .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
 senatorsinema welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence 4 borders       keep cbp ice n 10mi .
 cnn  oann      democrats passed bill  asylum  loophole used to sneak in before vetted  border walls work  refer to hun .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 mattgaetz youre not even on the border jackass   coolidge is 100 miles from the mexican border   and how does thi .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
 speakerpelosi do your job and solve our crisis at our borders          .
he s just hoping to get other people to pay for it and then to slap a big  built by donald trump  sign on it  the w .
kris kobach and congressional republicans visit arizona to see company s 218 mile  3 3b border fence proposal .
 tomholmes2016  2astr0nauts  repmattgaetz he is saying his company can build 100 miles of this type of wall fence p .
 jordanfabian because the money we spend couldnt be put toward a wire fence at the border or something    lol.
 senatorsinema  cbp welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence 4 borders       keep cbp ice n .
thank you cbp  why are we sitting here watching them cross the border when they couldve been stopped b4 they got .
 gatesrobin  cali tracii  sharonwhotweets  gingersnap   hallelluyaah  thunder mounton  realtt2020  ranchwife11 .
 charliekirk11  vikingragnarkag border wide open       historical illegal immigration invasion       27 miles of fence in .
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso .
border of kartarpur corridor will be fixed by the fence              .
 border ollie you need to consider a role clarity workshop for him  ollie  border pawtrol and socially questionable .
 loudobbs bp watched 300 illegals get off busses on the mexican side and just walk under the border fence   then th .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 discomoulvi fyi  there is a method to my madness  i m not a paid troll like him  when he crossed certain limits ba .
it also shows of course how a fence doesn t stop it  they are walking toward the fence to turn themselves in to border patrol agents .
 cher the illegals should be deported from which they came  they do not have rights here  they do not deserve a day .
 cher the border states that do not have a wall  are over run by criminals and rapist and drugs from these illegals .
mexican authorities found the migrants to be  hostile  and  aggressive          realdonaldtrump .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
happening now  awaiting a press conference with border patrol tucson sector chief about the apprehension of 360  mi .
 cantpretendtoo that sounds like a responsible idea    .
 realdonaldtrump close the border now           hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack poli .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed    military belongs on .
i got some real demons across the border fence and made a note to them of the mistakes we cant afford again    .
 marcopolo305954  athenarising  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump israel reduced illegal immigration by 99  just by setti .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz what about the border crisis                            the  1 issue that got you el .
claudia jaqueline sandoval said she is hiv positive  but that is not her reason for journeying north  instead  mon .
the agency said the migrants were  hostile  and  aggressive   authorities also accused the migrants of attacking m .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife   ecowatch  trum .
chuck schumer   the first comment that makes one do a double take is that schumer actually thinks illegal immigrati .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
ocean sciences article of the day   this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife  ec .
our congress both the democrats and rep  are allowing and supporting known hostile people who could be soldiers to .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse arizona company ready to build border fence under budget  amp  far ahead of schedule  tech .
 political85  jaketapper 350 is a horde  is it  this imaginary group torn through a fence on the mexican southe .
  hostile   migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
in attendance at fisher industries border fence demonstration today in az    all republicans       senbillcassidy     .
 mattgaetz i see a fence   probably located somewhere besides the border too   youre just missing the bulletproof .
 orakxaii  hamidmirpak  ihsantipu i think you have not read my complete reply  i said they request about afghan pk .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal        hirekobach    .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 4thevulnerable  tannedbeach  jrsmitty79  montaga  talibkweli  edentheplanet also  some places cant even hold a ba .
                    imrankhanpti  ptiofficial .
one month in 1983 nearly 50 000 illegals were caught in the chula vista sector of the border  that s when  congress .
2012 smugglers  jeep gets stuck on us border fence       despite building intricate ramps  a gang of smugglers are forc .
ottawa  i am sad to report that the grass is absolutely greener on the other side of the  soon to be built  presuma .
read more about the visit my colleagues and i made to  fishersandg earlier today to learn about the innovative comp .
scoop   kriskobach1787 and republican lawmakers are in arizona to see one company s border fence proposal .
i heard border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 alihyde03144601  hamidmirpak  ihsantipu because they are humiliating people on these checkpoints  and there is no fence on fata kp border .
 seanhannity let me understand this  isnt hopping over our countries fence  or border considered illegal trespassi .
.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump .
 neoavatara  edmorrissey .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid   yidwithlid  aag.
.
democrats vote democrat until its to late  we are doomed as a nation  .
 sens  bill cassidy and kevin cramer  as well as gop reps      watched as a handful of fisher industries workers ma .
 scott wiener  steve4sac  rick zbur  icricardolara  eqca  calgbt how would a wall fence barrier at the border with .
president trump on thursday again touted the progress of his border wall byreferencingafence repairproject in c .
your government decided to build a fence on the border  this was a right and necessary decision because this is a .
in the story of one mexican american womans life  we can see the whole tragic story of the us mexico borders tran .
 radiofreetom youre definitely not wrong  with all of this cain talk  i watched some old campaign videos  he surge .
on friday  nearly 350 illegal immigrants from guatemala and honduras broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan an .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
 realsaavedra so  if thats what it costs to cover everyone  ends justify the means  unlike closing the border  shut .
thank you  cvpayne that was very impressive information about the border fence .
 hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fenc .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see companys border fence proposal   washington .
 realdonaldtrump dear potus please use fisher sand  amp  gravel co  to build the wall      us company makes trump  3 3b b .
 mattgaetz i didnt know your district had a border fence  clown  .
 orakxaii  hamidmirpak  ihsantipu really  so why ptm demanding to remove the police chowkies and saying to remove t .
if you believe a court can demand that you let this in to your country and even has jurisdiction over that  we dont .
 dancrenshawtx dear dan       given ive seen u lie  ill preface my reply w facts       all thinking humans must assume l .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 potus a company states it can build the fence quicker  cheaper  amp  better then get it done   do the entire border so .
border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 sethamandel not an aoc fan  but i assume she means that 60 people died in the may 2018 border protests  so in or n .
 tomiahonen take his stupid name off the border fence .
 mattgaetz why everytime gop goes to border they never capture the crisis nor the camps its always a selfie in fron .
we should prepare for the  kenya somalia border wall levy  very soon       the fence they built is still porous .
 realmattcouch like going to the southern border  amp  commenting on how safe it is  while standing next to a fence    ye .
 jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler  goptaxscam  immoluments violati .
 patunleashed  keithmalinak    the dems say  no  to a concrete wall  and  no  to a steel fence  but have they ever sa .
construction crews will break ground on the replacement of 26 miles ofaging  solid metal barriers just east of th .
tanto que se habla del muro fronterizo y el problema haitiano  pero ni un solo periodista como  huchilora .
 sherpalou  scottpresler  eileenmm17 democrats are the ones currently opposing border security        but i do agree th .
he will be remembered as the president who was the most lenient on immigrants than that of any other president  and .
watch  anna giaritelli s broadcast  fisher industries constricting demonstrating for senators and congressmen how i .
 fianna1984  gavnix  ni kopite  think32   irlpatricia the biggest problem is there are too many players will sit on .
icymi   border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area    via  rafaelcarranza  .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
fisher industries constricting demonstrating for senators and congressmen how it says it will build a mile of steel .
and they re heading for the u s    .
 indarnoldwetrst  richloyalty ent  mmehtanydn are you seriously comparing your fence to a border wall .
the dems have shown substantially they do not care about the safety of americans by refusing to physically go to ou .
 gerrybing1  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler i suppose you never .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump the wall isnt being built  current border barriers are b .
bbc news   norwegians laugh at new fence on russian border .
politics and conservation are often intertwined  and that s exactly why it is important to find solutions for human .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
next time he will just jump  the border fence   if any   like most bangladeshis do   he might even get to vote for .
 potus the city of phoenix is now becoming a disgusting invader tent city  where is the border fence  where is the .
 gregcfollows  bioturbonick  fawfulfan yeah the irony is the racism that motivated the construction of that fence i .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
for example  start here      the dumbed down versions is the government can not engage in a taking of private land .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 abrams jonny  afagerbakke the us pressures egypt  which is completely dependent on the us  to take full responsibi .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 amy siskind hey oooooo what material did trump want to build the border  fence  out of again  aluminum  it seems t .
 judicialwatch thats probably true but i cant understand why these people are so fat if they cant support themse .
orbn told a joint press conference held with his serbian counterpart that serbian acceptance of the fence hungary .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
.
how about that international border fence wall barrier and rule of law now  cher   cher  still love your singing of .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
 andinikki08 you don t seek asylum by rushing through the border and attempt to breach legacy fence infrastructure .
busted  .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
of course gov  newsome was referring to the ideology of the democratic party that uses the suffering of central ame .
hungary s illegal immigration plunges over 99  after building border fence  via  youtube.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   .
 cjwerleman 189 killed  of whom 163     with live ammunition   open your eyes  these were armed combatants    all o .
donald trump jr  compares immigrants to animals  border wall to zoo fence .
donald trump jr  compared immigrants to zoo animals in an instagram post on the border wall  via  businessinsider.
 sirpareshrawal  sushmaswaraj employment business visa allow a foreigner for any paid or volunteer work       what if h .
did you hear border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 timothy2lee  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump that particular section of wall was actually just a replacement of fence .
children of color kidnapped  amp  racism at the border      hey you little latino kid sitting atop of president trump s fen .
 cadudefrank  thehill hillary was the most corrupt and least trusted democratic candidate ever  she voted for iraq  .
 cjwerleman gaza has free border with egypt  but they want to come to israel by force  and they use children in the .
 buildthewall  votered2020 .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   .
i can park next to the border fence .
an invasion is enroute  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north    .
 craigrsawyer  buzzjeansonne a barbed wire fence is no protection   it works perfectly to keep your cattle  amp  other .
 stonekettle  jwhoopes2 if only they had built a border wall or fence or vertical slats    that would have kept the .
in 15 20 years orban wont be alone your government decided to build a fence on the border and managed to finish .
 charliekirk11 give them to the illegals flooding across my state s border  here s a link that proves borders work  .
 edgary1 .
11 29 1876      hey everyone  i gave a special privilege to my good friend tom sawyer to help build a fence on our sout .
 nexantonius  disk ray phled  drgnkiller why  my stars  image that  corrupt security guards in canada  if this is g .
.
 timrandosaurus  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  potus wet when they swim the rio grande  dirty when they dig under the .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   d .
some one need to disable the bridge asap   problem solved       .
ps  milan mela is a gathering of relatives friends on either side of the fence at the india bangladesh border every .
 saywhenla  barbgpatriot    hungary wised up and built an electric fence  results  illegal ent .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid   yidwithlid  aag.
.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan       tcot  teaparty .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
illegals storm mexicos southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  illegal .
fact border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 pfskat  myrydyan1  mark kawada  jordanfabian you mean the methods obama meant when he said the border fence is bas .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
nearly  1b in contracts awarded for border fence sections         nationalemergency         stopcaravanviolence .
 maria13072138  nevadajack2  2012popper  cindymccain  realdonaldtrump     this link takes you .
practical use of the border fence  mexican farmer ties his grazing horses off to the wall  your text dollars your w .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 my lori that is true  mybe if the border was a electric fence mybe they would not come over it.
 aman61bc  cbp i thin  yes  it was  i just cant shake this article quoting some bizarre trump critiques of doors i .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump i believe the house funded 50 miles of border fence for 2019  yet drump hasn t built any .
 aocpress  crowebar 67 kind of like fence jumpers coming across our border illegally and stealing money from the re .
.
 gftrib kinbody here s one more  one of the two i serve  the easternmost church in mt is grace lutheran church of s .
 jkdub1974  kristen08782165  judy jr715  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump if he wanted a fence  he had 2 years  dont be .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   d .
did you overhear that pentagon takes  1 billion from military personnel account to build border fence.
meanwhile along the border  .
 i put  no trespassing  signs on my fence  not because of the border crossers  but because of the militia  they re .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
dems claim trump is  using immigrants as pawns in his political game   dems said many times they want border securi .
 realdonaldtrump why isn t american southern border like north korean southern border  lined with land mines and ba .
.
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso  .
in order to build a stronger  more resistant fence  one border patrol agent said agents sometimes leave gates open .
gates can be seen open along the border fence in downtown el paso  but when you see this  border patrol said it has .
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso  .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
yeah   no shit there spartacus    just like the folks along the border with no fence  .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area .
 realdonaldtrump i talked to two liberals today that claimed that contracts awarded for border fence construction a .
 almostjingo  goweld  a fence at the border   am i doing this right .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 jiliandiamond  russian44859821  annettegh86 yeah that s not grasping for straws all right  except it is  she very .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
350   illegalaliens violently storm mexican border to join another larger horde of 2k  heading again to u s  border .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
.
 clayandclaws  dog rates we used to raise border collies for search and rescue   imagine this x10 12   we were too .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   .
 timethief investigation while jim acosta stood in front of a fence at the border saying there was no problem  jim .
 borderwall construction will resume this month at the  arizona border     crews will replace 26mi of landing mat fen .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 juliemarchiano heres one for you  i just saw an estimate for the cost of rebuilding notre dame   amp  its less than .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 aimas8706  tenaciouse5 im sure youre cool with palestinian children being shot by snipers for protesting at a border fence  though .
 zi gah once we have completed this fence on afghanistan and iran border  than remember there will be no more terrorism in pakistan .
construction along the arizona mexico border will resume this month with newer  taller fence designs    .
 debunkbullshit  thedailybeast tunnels are very expensive to fund and maintain  with a wall  border patrol can focu .
 cher what  how many homeless have u taken in     u have a fence around your property  why    103 000 poor souls crosse .
 realdonaldtrump when he was still running the border patrol  morgan referred to the needs at the border as a fenc .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 amymek  realdonaldtrump next area for a border fence .
our elected officials are on vacation all the while we are being invaded    realdonaldtrump  gop  lindseygrahamsc .
 huffpost what is she going to do about our border crisis        .
we are in serious danger folks     bordercrisis   .
 pfskat  myrydyan1  mark kawada  jordanfabian as far as gop had yada yada     obama said he completed the border fe .
 i put  no trespassing  signs on my fence  not because of the border crossers  but because of the militia  they re .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife  video   extinction  resisttrump .
 ntvkenya  dennisokari pliz ask matiangi if somalia kenya border wall was constructed or money was pocketed n wire mesh fence done .
 the department of defense is shifting  1 billion from a military personnel account to build a 57 mile fence at the .
theyre only women and children though        mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a .
yoo hoo   america     they are coming     .
 ohiojoe513 .
george soros  the nazi sympathizer has been secretly funding groups to undermine a great nation .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump we absolutely should build the border wall  wish they would incorporate solar in and electrifie the fence .
 carolhakios  jeanpierreoling  palactnet that is only a checkpoint wall the rest of the border is only a fence pa .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 .
at the border fence between san diego and yuma    jacumba hot springs  california .
 amvetsupport and we have thousands us active troops on our southern border building the  iron curtain  that congre .
 allenchia12  realdonaldtrump      i will build a great  great wall on our southern border  and i will have mexico .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   d .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
come together america and acknowledge that we have a problem that only congress can fix        hostile  migrants break .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border on fri .
 tedlieu  nick6439  presssec  potus  realdonaldtrump i am smart enough to know that the new border wall you celebra .
 peharsari  faryafridi1 they are trying their best to ensure the security its citizens deserve  no matter what reli .
if you are curious to whey  repcuellar and  thedemocrats are so vigorously fighting a fence on the southern border  .
complete anarchy and disruption    .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
they are sending us their best  the law abiding  peaceful ones        hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexi .
via  realdailywire  migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on ill .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump another rally for your so called re election campaign    nothing presidential to do    no suggestions .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 miqazi  frudbezhan thats why  pakistan needs that border fence and  afghans a reality check .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   cher  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
great news   looks like the illegals have broken up their families before they try to cross our sovereign border   .
the government has been releasing illegals all over  release them in sanctuary cities  .
across from roma  texas lies miguel aleman  mx which is a small  community under the control of the gulf cartel  o .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
on their way to house speaker nancy pelosi s home       .
 border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area    via  rafaelcarranza  .
 realdonaldtrump try leading negotiations  instead making radical proclamations  amp  threats to please ann coulter  ev .
californias immoral wall works  the most secure wall on southern border in history  border fence build up has lo .
 ilmforg mrs  mccain  as resident of arizona  please cease calling out the president because the senator didn t lik .
where is our  nationalguard  usnationalguard    border    finishthewall  realdonaldtrump    .
 usnationalguard  kentuckyguard  il natl guard where is our national guard   border    .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 gop space force  border fence  extra money for security to secure the florida white house  white house turnover  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump oh really brian  that s what they want   how come they voted against any .
 hostile  migrants enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 jase 1972  gadsdentruths  kamalaharris i just told you dems supported updating the already at the border fence  wh .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
a child is seen to be putting a fire bomb at the border fence from the gaza side   hamas  gaza  israel .
 gop  dnc  senschumer    speakerpelosi  cher  repmaxinewaters  chp hq       hostile  migrants break border gate to enter .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 kristatheyoung1  grumpybearz after the fence  i do know the national guard was put on the border numerous times to .
                                             hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack polic .
wonder if pelosi will cater the party they ll want upon arrival at her home          hostile  migrants break border ga .
children of color kidnapped  amp  racism at the border      hey you little latino kid sitting atop of president trump s fen .
2010      68  of u s  voters now believe the united states should continue to   build a fence wall on the mexican border  .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump you do know there was already a wall  fence   border or whatever you want .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 .
 mewaispress  ineescafe  nadameddain  alahamdann  mai gazan  ahmedhijazi96  khaledsafi  ramabdu  masoud alaa .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north      via  theblaze.
a border fence idea after the wall is finished let artists make it beautiful.
only one half of our southern border has a fence  our country cannot afford this flood of illegal immigrants  democ .
 donotvotedemocrat  trump2020  buildthewall  keeptheelectoralcollege .
 peharsari  faryafridi1 that is why they started to build a fence on the pak afghan border  but pakistani pseudo in .
finally the border wall is being admitted to as a reality in arizona       .
 acosta jim acosta  i am standing at the border and there is no crisis  nice border fence jim .
 repbrianfitz how about you joining our president donald trump and get the fence built to stop the flow of illegal .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze  .
 potus  mommma dee   .
they re headed this way .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 migueljose 85  markdice  cher so you think you know more than the border patrol   fyi they have said the wall is n .
 realdonaldtrump why dont go repair the fence at the border  strech your underwear should cover all 3000 miles.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
so far today there have been 4 attempts to sabotage the border fence   idf responded as per roe   gaza  israel.
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
no crisis at the border huh      speakerpelosi  chuckschumer  thedemocrats  dnc      .
 dcexaminer they must be bringing a whole lot of love with them to be able to power through an international border .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 angryexgop  krassenstein  beto  berniesanders  kamalaharris  joebiden  petebuttigieg when i was growing up we had .
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi well  but we could drop them off there and give them water and sandwiches and they cou .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
hey nancy get ready for this group to be set down in front of your estates wall       hostile  amp  aggressive migrants br .
 thelastdrap  philmccarroll  elizabemcgowan  tomlfcni  1rorycowan  tenenbom now the border fence attacks have been .
just think  since the democrats wont build a wall and they love immigrants president trump is going to send all of .
hungary builds border fence  illegal immigration drops by 99  .
 ohiostreetjoe  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump really  go take a look at the new video of the mass of ill .
 cher  lwhaynes there is a proper process  its legally seeking asylum  where your identity can be vetted properly  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 byronyork goalposts moving    close border  open border    build a wall  build a fence    mexico pays for the wall  tax .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx well it looks like russia  crony capitalist  and white nationalist hired yo .
 gaza  issac abdul muti 16y died of injuries sustained when he was shot by iof near the border fence on april 3rd  .
 zemanek vicki  cms1978  tracilaw  thegoodgodabove  phillymayor but it is illegal to cross our border without going .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
we don t just promise  we deliver        promise  will complete all pending fencing work to increase border security  .
we don t just promise  we deliver        promise  will complete all pending fencing work to increase border security  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north and nobody coul .
no crisis here       .
 fairimmigration  dailycaller deportation  hah  criminal invaders laugh  amp  walk right back over the border  need to .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 tweetspiring dan bangun fence di border bagus juga utk tekan imigrasi  drugs ilegal    setiap negara berhak kok utk .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 cher well thank your congressman cher gotta get out of your coma   and out behind your high fenced in home  like a .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 annettegh86  anncoulter he put a nice plaque on an old section of fence that was recently replaced  and he threate .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump i thought the border patrol and the experts that are actually there say the wall or fen .
 dauntinglys   richardoa  santafeez  idf being a child is not a good defense from the snipers of the  idf       i think .
mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border on fri .
 xgoalanke  thechelseatalk egypt is one of the 5 countries that border israel directly  theres a border fence alon .
 cher your progressive liberal agenda came home to roost  its an invasion  cher  texas is a border state  we final .
we don t just promise  we deliver        promise  will complete all pending fencing work to increase border security  .
3      mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border o .
.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north       share infor .
 deplatforming  siebs15  msnbc trump is the reason i m on them  so inept he can t build a fence or close the u s  b .
 realjameswoods  realdonaldtrump i don t understand the border states mass illegal immigration will cost them a for .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border on fr .
 connorsouthard on a drive from austin to houston  which is a wasteland of pine forest destroyed by the lumber indu .
the u s  immigration debate       a u s  border patrol agent keeps watch along the fence next to the u s  mexican borde .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 jamesmcgrew1  soylessmed  cassandrarules     for example  draining the swamp is one thing  but another deliverable .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 rickyllesor1  nytimes oh  i should have clarified oh  i m not for illegal immigration   what i am against is the f .
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi i m sure if they can climb the wall at the border i m pretty sure they can climb that .
 cher this is so good to hear ive been a supporter of yours for so long  all we have been asking for is to take ca .
people seeking asylum dont do this  rogue thugs do   buildthewall    .
 barbrastreisand or someone so over confident  blind with power  and a spendthrift  america is safer without her  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north     invasion .
 magagwen maga gwen        magagwen mt      proof border walls work      hungarys  illgal immigration fell 99  after thei .
 rickm19622005  markdice  cher do you not understand that all the money that ca and other states give free to illeg .
 israelusaforevr  bfraser747 that was at the border    where the new fence was    cool .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  coming to a na .
 ourcooppower another idea  with the rate of illegal immigrants coming into your state  you could just set up reall .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump build  the   wall  send in troops   now   .
 hostile   migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 wakeupamerica before it s to late   hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and .
i just saw people trying up jump the fence at the border lol wtf.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 cher oh  i forgot  beto rourke  amp  some other dem candidates have said if they get elected theyd tear down all fenc .
israel has a wall and it works  incidents of violence have dropped to record lows because of the fence  america mus .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 cher so its good to see that you have come around and agreed with the president  or are you the type that says le .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
we better get that wall going  or do people think they are just going to stop when they see the sign usa  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 dcdeejay nah  a fence around a private house doesnt compare to a multi billion dollar wall along the us mexican border .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
oh great   i haven t watched the news today     .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
.
really    be like me going to a georgia game flying alabama colors        stupid       really disgusting  .
congress needs to  securetheborder now   realdonaldtrump   .
     invasion  this is war       they must be stopped  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then at .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  tcot .
hey  housedemocrats  senatedems  while you pick your nose  these illegals are wreaking havoc  get off your fat ass .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
nancy pelosi you  amp  other dems a disgrace  if one person is hurt when these people break into our country i hope som .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 speakerpelosi at this very moment  my husband is driving 6 hrs  to our s tx  ranch  lock cut off gate  today  coyo .
 donaldjtrumpjr i hope  cher has a big tall security fence around her multi million dollar mansion  illegals stop a .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump look at all those desperate people  waving the flag of the countries they are  escaping  from   .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 reed indeed 98  crapper the  theronandaloro  cnn again  those pearl gates are attached to  a wall  a very high wal .
police  and they re headed north   via  theblaze    cc  dloesch.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   you can stop th .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  buildthewall  .
again     cuz im still waiting on the first caravan .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
wow   look at this  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
send them all to san fran     .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
doesn t mexico have a military  this excuse of  they attacked the 8 police we had guarding the border  amp  broke the p .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 cher funny how now its an issue  dont worry  your fence  our needed wall  and security  our border patrol  will keep you safe .
.
 carminezozzora i would like to institute my b2b  border to border  program  free bus rides from wherever you jump .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
this cant be stopped   this is terrible  .
 callme jaworski  charliekirk11 lol actual when i lived in arizona after 9 11  may of us did exactly that  no one t .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  theblaze .
democrats indignation over placing illegal immigrants in sanctuary cities may be the greatest self own since acostas border fence report .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze manu .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 dreamers headed our way       .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump how can you say you give a shit about any of us when you welcome  amp  encourage criminals .
violence coming to america  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re .
cameras on private land in tucson  az show people wearing camouflage clothing with cloth wrapped around their shoes .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  invasion .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 juliebiashop1 actually  most of the border has no high fence  so please  step right over  buh bye now .
 drnealhouston  deplorable man  potus unless congress is going to get a better attitude the  cbp is going to need a .
 cher i totally understand and sympathize with you guys  we feel your pain  why don t you guys just let us build a .
 realdonaldtrump  potus   when is the last time epa did something good  this is an excess bureaucracy  you should shu .
home depot sponsors 129 miles of trump s border wall .
i don t believe that it s out of cruelty that peeps want a wall  immigration needs to be controlled  terrorists  ga .
now  how about that border security nancy    how about getting to work for the american people instead of trump bashi .
 kerrijersey  fix dan  walshfreedom  shnydaone reading is fundamental      .
we challenged  tomperez  amp   thedemocrats to sign up for   amp  so far no response from them     are .
i ve become obsessed with quilting this year  i started the first of january  and i ve completed 5 projects  and ha .
 s96677980  fitzpatriotbrad  goodbyecali  antipropaganda7  samarino1776  william96456209  sambyhere  twitmo inmate .
 he said the organization plans to remain on the border until the extended wall proposed by president trump is buil .
home depot sponsors 129 miles of trump s border wall .
 realdonaldtrump just curious   are you willing to launch an investigation into how many people who shared stories .
listen to understand the  function  of the border  under the system of capitalism   we don t have open borders for .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder time to finish the wall and shore up the border patrol too .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder arm the border and build the wall    what are we waiting for   we can t a .
 realjack yes   tax all the democrats in sanctuary states   amp  then we will have more money to build the wall on our .
buiding a wall at the mexican border is the best thing we can do  the cost will be offset in a year for all the aid .
another brick in the wall  dinesh d souza destroys the open border argument  via  youtube.
 sueann sorensen  houstonchron sue  boarder person who receives regular meals when staying somewhere  in return for .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
us states led by california sue trump administration in showdown over border wall funds   donald trump s america   .
 grahamledger so  potus use the power of your pen  build that wall hire more judges border agents and ship them to .
that wall is getting built        .
in the shadow of the wall  the people experiences the encounters of the u s  border patrol  cartels  and the detent .
 senfeinstein what have you done to fund the  building of the border wall and correct our immigration laws  nothing   buildthewall.
 .
 seanhannity  shirleyringuet5  jaysekulow  presssec  devinnunes  greggjarrett  saracarterdc  marklevinshow wall to .
yeah  we need to build a wall across the border   we finally have 11 miles of the neat  new  transparent wall thank .
 senkamalaharris build that wall now triple ice and border patrol e  verify and deport no amnesty no chain immigrat .
 bsmithslo  peterbakernyt  sbg1 and have mexico pay to build our border wall .
 danwerner10  mschlapp  sebgorka yeah true they are sneaky little devils so you better rush the border and stop the .
democrats spent 25 billion on bogus investigation and won t fund a wall on our southern border .
cross border solidarity would be the most devastating thing to the border wall project   marxism2019  teardownthewalls.
 marklevinshow gee  that s really too damn bad that some illegal might be offended enough to jump back over the bor .
 rharvley  ilhanmn republicans wont pass anything helps people  they want only to pass a wall which steals land  amp  .
u s  customs and border protection installs el paso border wall  via  youtube.
woohoo    way to go home depot    see now i m doubly glad i came to your store instead of lowes to buy my fencing a .
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent .
 cshields671  dbongino  hillaryclinton  barackobama dont change the subject   i dont care about clinton and obama .
this is the kind of cheesy idea i can get behind       .
striking workers  led mainly by women in the factories of mexico threaten the whole border wall project that is pro .
 realmattcouch stand still while i build a border wall around you .
expose the waste in a  borderwall by donating to the  cheesewall at the u s  mexico border today       artist cosimo ca .
a death  a life  and a border wall.
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent    .
coulter says she could work for a sanders administration         whatever respect i once had for c .
 gregabbott tx  leachfortexas build the wall   protect the border .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
 cbschicago forget building a wall along the border  put it on the southside .
rt nrcc  should congress finish building the wall at our southern border  take the poll now before it closes  .
 i had no idea  trump says of the dead  we ve been trying to tell you  one of the deadliest places on the southwest .
fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year.
san diego border tests new wall in the midst of crisis that s creating       via  youtube.
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
flint clean water gofundme campaigns get border wall boost via  forbes  escapedmatrix    saveflintchallenge .
this is fake news at a whole new level  it s called lies  gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at .
 thedailybeast migrants are up against nicaraguas containment wall .
 wcivility  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump said we where going to finally get term limits  we need that as much as the border wall .
why  because melania probably still breast feeds barron and wants your wall on the mexican border built around her .
wall    wall now        .
sign for border wall .
 teampelosi  immigrationcom nancy  you could fess up by telling the sheeple about being the head of all the drug an .
 realdonaldtrump   youll get that wall you want  except it wont be on southern border  it will be around the prison youre sent too .
with the democrats unrelenting on their opposition to the border wall   realdonaldtrump has decided to send illegal .
 langevittoria most fentanyl comes from china  first of all  and secondly drugs that do come across the border do i .
dont right away hang ann  read the article  i can kind of see where shes coming from on this  trump needs to bull .
the rise of resistance in social movements has forced us government to block funding for trumps border wall  he ca .
 twilight19521  seanhannity lots of coughing  lots of men with little children  we need the wall folks  please sha .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
 len9671 shut off welfare  access cards  medicare and it drops by 2 3  tax 10  on remittances to the home country p .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
today we drove through big bend national park  got rowed over the mexican border by a mexican  rode a donkey to the .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
these families  and all americans  deserve the piece of mind only a wall can provide       learn how your   tax deductibl .
i love me some  dalehansen   this man is now and has always been amazing    dale hansen unplugged  a border wall is   .
 bryanriggs  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa again  it didnt happen because there were enough wimpy r .
 monica barona .
trumps border wall criminalises people at the border  people who are fleeing conditions the us created  marxism2019  teardownthewalls.
 rachredux southwest cancelled our flight so i had to be come up with a new plan  sometimes you gotta think outside the border wall .
 brandongroeny so he should tax himself  he turned down 25 billion last year fora wall   he needs this issue to spr .
check out  polka dot pink brown geometric wallpaper border girls room wall art decals   via  ebay.
 imcorrectingu i think the american people should file class lawsuit against all these liberal media organizations  .
wildlife is at stake  tell the house to reject trumps border wall    sign the petition   via  change.
    gaetz s eagerness to help trump in whatever way he can seems to know no bounds  sopretending he was at the sou .
why pentagon awards nearly  1 billion to build trump s border wall.
 sarahkendzior  rashona i m hearing a lot of our dem congress people exhibiting borderline cowardice in light of th .
 veronicabaty  ritawewl  kaison8  yelgeb  yojimbo 2000  speakerpelosi even though left leaning polls say that we do .
 verumserum  benshapiro and i dont understand why people think that if the wall isnt complete he will lose  what .
 realdonaldtrump az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper      finished in a year .
 cnni ive said before we re building the wall on the wrong border.
 abc ahahaha what a loser  time to impeach schiff  and chathe him with treason  we the people want his head on a pi .
geometric wallpaper border polka dot circle girl decal wall art pink brown stickers decor   baby nursery kids room .
 cnn a canadian  damn we better build a wall on that border too .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 repadamschiff schiffty  you are gonna waste millions more taxpayer     because you hate potus   we elected him  je .
here s an idea for   what  americans can do with the  pseudo  phonybaloney  muellerreport        let s wallpaper the bo .
 aileenketchum  deaphoenixdiv  repseanduffy  repandybiggsaz  rep hunter  repmattgaetz  repdustyjohnson  petestauber .
it s border security and people have to ignore the rhetoric  it s people charged with securing our borders  they re .
 lindseygrahamsc  rockguy65  realdonaldtrump lets be specific there is no chaos on the california border it is texa .
q   immigration  border wall  etc      yourlegislators    mnleg.
 ilhanmn like the trump tax cut  building the border wall  securing the border  lowest unemployment  wages are incr .
 aoc then get your party to stop beating the dead dog    and get to work   like securing border   protecting american .
 veronicabaty  ritawewl  kaison8  yelgeb  yojimbo 2000  speakerpelosi  potus doesnt want a full border wall  he ne .
 lioncross1  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa rump and the gop had control of congress for two years an .
 zaphods50  independentforb  cnn dont get out much do you  theres already a wall along busy populated sections of .
 realjack i say our votes are attached to our tax bill and we pay for what we vote for  if one votes in favour of s .
 treacherouslogc  righthookusa  realdonaldtrump build the wall  deport the aliens in accordance with the law  ignor .
 stevetefft  righthookusa kinda hard to care about border security when the guy who promised to do has failed spect .
technically  obama fined those who couldn t afford obamacare   but how about you pay for what you vote for    you vot .
   then they got to a part of our yard where the top part of the wall border is replaced with a gate like thing  ju .
this is so infuriating        the group has repeatedly appeared in local news stories in recent weeks  expressing supp .
 whitehouse  trumps feed and trump wants the taxpayers to spend how much on the border wall .
 liberty podcast  rightingpodcast  bigleaguepol he had to get money from congress to build the wall  they wouldnt .
 310 million in california military construction may be safe from border wall cuts.
 anncoulter nay vote on bret for the court  nay vote on the 5 7 b for border wall  yea vote to block trumps ne  ant .
4 18 19   .
 lionelmedia yes  cute idea busing illegals to sanctuary states cities  except  that encourages more ppl to storm t .
trump   i could have fired everyone  on mueller team if i wanted to   the hill then the truth wouldnt come out  th .
 pattysyorkie he wanted his border wall or he would allow the shutdown to persist in perpetuity  pelosi forced his .
gop congressmen lied and claimed they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 breitbartnews close the border   build the wall   install motion sensing auto turrets     o and throw that murderer .
new border wall across mexican gray wolf corridor  via  youtube.
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump sen  american ppl no longer interestd in mueller rpt  i m from your home state nyc  wo .
thought provoked      of course those who have to build walls to keep people in hate walls which make that clear        .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
ok   so the bull shit russia story is finally over  done  finished  k put        can we finally focus on the crisis on .
wife starting game of thrones  literally gave her a map with 2 3 notes of where the hell people are located and com .
 effectively  trumps wall has already been built  but on mexican soil   a honduran asylum seeker was brutally mur .
the hypocrisy in the fact that the church i used to attend going on missions to mexico twice a year are the same pe .
trump could get his wall very easy  put a tax on everything going into mexico and everything coming out of mexico  .
 rep hunter makes nighttime crossing of   grand border wall in yuma  arizona   but he doesn t touch mexican soil  .
 rep hunter makes nighttime crossing of   grand border wall in yuma  arizona   but he doesn t touch mexican soil  .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
 muriahthewolf  the tile guru  hoosierndixie  repjerrynadler  aoc  housejudiciary you guys are upset about  30 mill .
remember that ice report i mentioned in my video  a case like this would count homicide each time they deport him  .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
man arrested at a  border crossing   for  1 m in meth  amp  fentanyl    i wonder how much  drugs are being smuggled acros .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
lets see who they are amputate the evil hold those that want to fight for their american country the rest stabiliz .
 parscale  grrrgraphics  realdonaldtrump unless he announces real action on full wall construction and an end to th .
i p o  day for pinterest and zoom ends with shares sharplyhigher .
 jmcnallypt  elfie111  danabashcnn  leaderhoyer please tell me again why republican will hurd of tx voted  against  .
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall via  thenation .
full report     stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the pu .
 kamalaharris if you dem s would have funded the wall sooner  decades sooner   they wouldn t be able to keep coming .
i m so bummed about this border wall .
 getbusy5  willsommer ah  boomers pretending like they know how crime happens  another 4  of mexican border having .
 klack33  scott4pendleton he did   i love his road trip videos   he won the largest counties in texas   lost with a .
 mrgenius7997  border solution  lorddwa  slract what do you mean that peace wall  youve referred to it as splittin .
theyre saying the obstructionists  how do we have a very strong trade policies where we have a major border wall  .
 realdonaldtrump  realjameswoods  mcallisterden this is my idea for a border wall  sneak into the usa  youre bused .
 luketball  mattgaetz  realdonaldtrump .
 amethyst 1690  border solution  lorddwa  slract well either way why don t they take down that peace wall   nationa .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 mrgenius7997  border solution  lorddwa  slract what did i just say  west belfast and east belfast are at least 1 2 .
don t forget  border crisis  invading hordes of beggars  massive wall  noko  gotta govern  boss  .
 border solution  amethyst 1690  lorddwa  slract i don t know the peace wall thing or whatever they call it.
 crypt0snews are we at odds with cuba again  if so  why  i cant even send  5k to another state to pay bank less co .
 realdonaldtrump  realjameswoods  saracarterdc  mcallisterden this is my idea for a wall on the border  make the co .
got to build the wall    .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump .
goody goody gumdrops now shut down the border build the wall cut all ties with mexico and get the f       job done .
support a bill that would keep the border wall out of wilderness areas and national wildlife refuges along the sout .
 ejmontini  azcentral fact  if we had more republicans like martha mcsally  supporting the president  his wall woul .
 c0lettea   bexology a wall is barbaric  refusing asylum seekers at the border is barbaric  separating children fro .
the fact that this is the what they choose to attack trump on is very telling about their lack of ability to handle .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson just think of the  32 million dollars of our money you could have spent it on in a .
can someone please formulate how many miles of border wall  35 million would build us       what imbecile actually be .
the huduma no  is what the mexican border wall is to trump has to be achieved by all necessary means trump shut the .
 gop  jim jordan has never upheld one tiny bit of the    oath of office     impeachbarrnow  impeachmenthearingsnow       o .
 seanhannity now schumer and pelosi maybe you can start doing your jobs                          get immigration do .
 anitabellows12  hazell steven  chakrabortty well  in not sure i d argue hadrian s wall was built by the rich  it w .
 gop  creepytrump  realdonaldtrump and self dealing  gop controlled our government for two years and accomplished n .
 foxnews  potus  therealdonaldtrump      jus that quick  silence       1  rbg   2 catholic kids   3 jussie smollett   4 notre dame   5 border wall.
the border wall in yuma  az  wow  yes  we need a wall  .
 dbongino the dems are making us focus on the wrong things   potus needs to focus on border wall and healthcare ref .
and then maybe show him the statement from the marine commandant says deploying trips and resources from the milita .
hunter im 15 meters from mexico  he then walked over the border        rep hunter spokesperson should show his own b .
az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper .
 realdonaldtrump  dbongino good maybe now you can start running the country again start making things happen for th .
 hili75303704  nbcnightlynews  kasie  realdonaldtrump .
 barbandnick1  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters that portion of the wall is replacement wall authorized .
  hating people because of their skin color is wrong and it doesn t matter which color does the hating      muhamma .
 realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews liberals dont get it   nobody cares if trump lied  cheated and colluded .
 rep hunter youre a disgraceful idiot  i was born and raised along the border  ive lived my entire life less than a .
 seanhannity  jaysekulow  presssec  devinnunes  greggjarrett  saracarterdc  marklevinshow    can u also mentioned a .
 tomilahren not wall to wall  come on tuna  respect the the kneel  and isnt that what you do with border patrol agents .
 jackposobiec excellent   just spend that on a border wall in the south of europe       that ll do more to protect euro .
 ilhanmn theyre not cages  these are makeshift detention facilities that wont be needed when trump finishes the w .
kita membangun border wall sendiri untuk menerima informasi yg masuk      mata kita cuma liat apa yg di dalem border .
 by1959  googlenews that s strange  i thought the border wall was everything to her .
new alternative to trump s wall would create jobs  renewable energy  and increase border security .
u s  customs and border protection installs el paso border wall  via  youtube.
im very proud to be an american citizen and being able to prosper under what i believe to be the greatest presiden .
coming up  can president trump use emergency powers to build the border wall       on april 22  dont miss an .
 dreadpirate42  seanwoodard18  black is back5  hackdz revenge  mattrellen  bloodyval69  john12snow  djmobey .
 crystal81046451  speakerpelosi i don t give a damn who pays for the wall it is needed or at least efforts to provi .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump    new reports from carlos diaz  southwest branch .
 daveell57279091  ilhanmn i live 2 hrs from the border in texas i go to mexico all the time   don t feed me that  existing wall .
llego la era del fronterizo 2 0      borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall via .
home depot thanks .
 trigger warning     my dad once drove across the spanish portuguese border when both sides were fascist dictatorship .
 senmcsallyaz here you go with partisan politics  heard you today on radio blaming dems for border  pres  declared .
trump s america      trumpcare disaster   mass deportations    family separations    wall of fear    women marginalized    nazi .
 senatorwicker don t let wicker fool you he has done everything possible to undermine the president he joined with .
the group has repeatedly appeared in local news stories in recent weeks  expressing support for donald trumps pro .
 dcexaminer  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump  berniesanders she must have started using the drugs coming across the bor .
 breannanmor trump needs to build a wall along the massachooozits border  a really big wall that has guard towers t .
company says it can install 218 mi  of border wall in 13 mos   via  libertyheadline.
 theblaze we hope never to reach rock bottom  fund the border  fund ice  build the wall  an economic stimulus that .
  .
 hzeiger we need a wall in tx    at our northern border.
 speakerpelosi we want a refund  um hell no that money could have gone to building the wall fixing infrastructure a .
 gop if this party doesnt unite behind this president  attack the socialists  defend trumps border wall  else   i need a new party .
check out this video  elpasotimes   .
 realjack good luck with getting your border wall with him.
 rampcapitalllc cbd border wall.
 cnn they should work with the president to fight drug epidemic  pass legislation for a real infrastructure bill  s .
how to die and the border wall prototype clearly designed by sobbing  red faced scientists.
 hrenee80 trump will be in a far stronger position in 2020  the power of incumbency   fundraising  more unified r .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 realdonaldtrump how come there s no border wall on this section  they re just walking right through to america  th .
 mkcathy  hawaiidelilah  polyphonicshan houston is not a border town   lol  no one here is begging for anything wall from trump  .
 sbramone  realdonaldtrump the wildlings were the refugees  the hero was arguing that they should be let across the .
i haven t seen anyone arguing about the need for a border wall   .
 repmattgaetz  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 matt  thanks for showing trump and republicans inability to s .
i overhear procession shows support for texas chapel at center of border wall plan.
on what planet do you live       george w  bush won a greater percentage of hispanic votes than most republicans  but h .
 geraldorivera  realdonaldtrump whens trump going to apologize for puerto rico  or his failed border wall  whens .
 potus    can we please put wall up where there s zero border   .
men  pls take a min 2maybe go protect our republic  if trump won t our minute men will  if u had invaders  u ve a r .
 realdonaldtrump we the american people support you  sir       close the border    build the wall  mr  president .
 chiefpudge  mfcbutt50  aoc  repandybarr so your argument that we need a wall is to post a picture of sign in the m .
.
so  mattgaetz apparently flat out lied about being at the us mexico border  and he lied about watching  the wall  b .
 via  crux  nowall.
these patriots are doing this because there is no border wall  many of these asylum seekers are drug gun runners  s .
 ewarren tax cuts  privatization of all healthcare and a border wall .
here she goes again putting the cart before the horse        i guess bassackwards is just her style       now  close the bo .
 ishte wa toto whoa  this is not how this country works  i had to google them  and yes  there are pictures of the m .
 border solution  wall pit how old is that photo .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border        mattgaetz has lost any connection with t .
 travisakers so shareblue  a total bias leftwing source says theres no wall being build  that they were at fisher .
 lornaynay  richardstiller4  anncoulter i unfollowed that money grubbing crazy nut along time ago  shes insane and .
 wall pit .
looking at our recent national latino poll  87  of latinos in texas feels congress has the right to block .
 wall pit .
 cali tracii  ilhanmn close the border until all legal immigrants fully assimilate         deport everyone who is not .
 mark4char i like that he s prolife but he s also had affairs slept with hookers and lied etc and i am not a fan of .
 angelgotti5  beachbumbjtc  speakerpelosi  speakerpelosi you are an employee of the united states of america    not .
can you imagine the state of the union when there is monthly town halls in administration  non violent drug offende .
 karilakefox10  johninphx send her back  close the border  build the wall        our government needs to put my child b .
dairy queen and he has existed for trump s border wall every night.
 team mitch  ronnie florida where s our border wall mitch   we need to be safe in our own homes.
 blue coming  dancrenshawtx  repjerrynadler  realdonaldtrump i do support the wall cause ive been to the rio grand .
10  downside for dems if constant talk about mueller rpt diverts attention from other policy priorities  this is ba .
i totally missed this earlier this month when trump called his wall  anti climb   oh  that s really good    .
 saveferrisordie  irvinewaylon  sir hyde2  fanmorningshow  browns lol  not neighbors by choice  mind you  ohio is a .
an ak 47 toting man smuggling illegal immigrants opened fire on ice agents in phoenix last week    repswalwell  w .
martha mcsally warns the border wall may not be enough to end crisis   loopholes  need to be closed .
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall via  thenation .
pelosi  you  amp  your communist  comrades in arms r the ones w absolutely no credibility  you refuse to move on after .
 kevin01736  danielfoy11  strolltoitaly  paulfarrant01  jonhnsworld  godnose  peterba82304711  samscot11 .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
knarley nadler looked pretty alone at the microphones today      dems with any character left should apologize of under .
 jstein wapo as they are willing at dod to reroute their funding for the vanity wall at the border  their funding s .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
instead of a border wall how about we fix the fucking traffic in mcallen  wtf.
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump tedlieu clueless  in 2006 congress gave bush 50 billion dollars for a wall and border sec .
 leed07a1  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse oh please   he hasnt done jack shit  he cant even get the border wall .
 karilakefox10 just wonderful  close the border and dont reopen it until the wall is built .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
it s a bit cheesy  but may work for your snackable doc series  quibi news  check out the  cheesewall at the u s  me .
mcsally warns border wall may not be enough to stop crisis  via  theijr.
 apologistjose  maxdaxmaga  tarrimarkel  danielamarinov1  troypittman1  jack  twitter sign up for our all new censo .
 kelcampy  texas fire  yeahsureright1  deplorablefor45  blackpopeye  loopnotdefined  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox .
 glade92  katcashmeade no that isn t what i said at all  you asked how immigration and customs infrastructure can w .
 wilbe   kylekulinski  orbisterra38  andrewyang i dont care what you think  did you not read the part where i said .
 senschumer no collusion  no obstruction    get over it and try to focus on americas problems     start with immig .
 speakerpelosi  stenyhoyer  whipclyburn   senschumer  dickdurbin    build the wall  2020      measles found in illegal .
congratulations president trump       now build the wall and secure the border  please     muellerreport.
usa decide what you prefer    a rep swalwell or a swell wall that protects our border patrol from exhaustion    sup .
  prejudice is the child of ignorance     william hazlitt the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bor .
 marklutchman or that money can be put towards building the southern border wall  just an idea .
hey  senatedems now that your fantasy collusion is over lets get to a real problem that threatens america  lets g .
check out woodland animal baby nursery wallpaper border wall art decals kids room stickers   via  ebay.
 sekusa1 california was a sh t hole 30 years ago and   thedemocrats  have turned it into a bigger  sh t hole   build .
  cbp recently unveiled their plans to ram a 30 ft  borderwall through the heart of the sonoran desert    arizona s .
i m so tired of this border wall .
 take action  tell your members of congress to reject a hateful border wall  amp  cut funding for ice and border patro .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters  realdonaldtrump  vp we are being invaded on border  please see videos by border ne .
earth day is monday  and cine el rey in mcallen texas is premiering ay  mariposa  .
it s almost the weekend  have you scheduled your visit to bwb s museum of women s resistance       our newest exhibit  .
 moocow765  mc20681834  jranait  rncastaldo  cleverelse if the wall is built correctly  it would take a great deal .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters i agree mr  president   you have my vote in 2020    and i live on the border     ar .
u s  customs and border protection installs el paso border wall  via  youtube  that ought to .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talk .
 danielamarinov1  troypittman1  maxdaxmaga sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that every .
fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
 lyonheeart  nytimes checks and balances are not being discarded  thats my point  trump has not been able to build .
 dangainor do you think the dem led us house could pass some form of  comprehenisve immigration reform  where there .
why a wall won t stop them  .
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent .
 riverandthewall follows 5 friends as they explore the natural environment of the u s  mexico border   all 1200 mil .
it is criminal that you do not seem to know this  yet you want to build a wall that would make the border even more .
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump our country is doing fantastic or economy is strong were not threatened by isis p .
 betsydevosed each year  thousands of students attend school in crumbling or unsafe buildings  instead of building .
 mfcbutt50  chiefpudge  aoc  repandybarr the difference a wall and a door is that a door is meant to be opened  a w .
 joelive24  repmattgaetz  45 saved usa wtf are you  an expert on border security  should we call the pentagon and t .
not to take away from the art  which is excellent  but this crop composition is extremely strange  the wall pillar .
 biggun0331  tedards  rrick75  hillaryclinton  ladyjusticega it s really apples to oranges  3000 miles vs maybe 50  .
 mfcbutt50  chiefpudge  aoc  repandybarr no  wanting a wall and needing a wall are two different things  most illeg .
i didn t want to be the one to tell you  but not only would the chinese build us a border wall in about five minute .
warrior veteran daily global news     flashback news tweet     trump s border wall could scrap a camp lejeune water tre .
 mattyglesias as a canadian  theres one thing i agree with trump on  we need to build a wall across our southern border.
 thesharpedge1 .
 theaagabriel .
 wellhellsbells  .
border solution must not include a wall .
  repmattgaetz is often loose with the truth   yes  we have problems at the sw border  but we cant trust gaetz to .
 putinspaidtroll  chilimariee  c0lettea  cici aketzalli you re a literal idiot  the berlin wall ring a bell  walls .
 a group of republican lawmakers claimed they were watching trump s wall being built at the border  they weren t        .
border wall could delay  139 million earmarked for critical naval weapons station seal beach improvements    thank yo .
 benshapiro immoral      in the campaign      explain this word you are using  about the campaign please  i have he .
 sweet dolmarais a wall that shocks them  and fuck building a wall around the mexican border let s build a wall aro .
im no nostradamus  but       trump announced his emergency declaration on the eve of my border wall class  amp  barr r .
 wdunlap  charliekirk11 do you think repairing border fencing and constructing a wall across the entire border are .
 nrcc no  congress should fund improved technologies to prevent the flood of drugs through existing ports of entry .
 julio rosas11 gonna run with this  just like conservative media ran with mexico paying for the border wall  smdh.
i dont believe for an instant that his im fucked quote is any kind of confession  a narcissist would never admi .
 the0p1n10nated1 domestic terrorism is so much more of a threat than the poor people at the border there is no comp .
 brentgriva1  shawnhaggerty  whitehouse homes were being built 2 years after president obama was in office  jobs we .
the us military will spend up to  1 billion to build 57 miles of trumps border wall       .
now can we have a wall        .
men build too many walls and not enough bridges    joseph fort newton the   i will build a great great wall on ou .
voters who favor border wall cannot identify border on map .
 tedcruz wonderful  will we see the border wall named after el chapo .
 nycmayor another lunatic idea from a delusional democrat  illegal aliens shouldn t be in the country  much less ge .
 gardeningsaul  phytonerd it s a big east facing wall with a deep border in front  worth a try i reckon for somethi .
 mattyglesias having the world s longest undefended border is national embarrassment  divert money to build a wall .
 natsumaz we don t need a border wall we need to hire natsuma.
 qanon76 border wall could delay  139 million earmarked for critical naval       los angeles times mar 22  2019   seal .
 bfchild66 king arthur film  original border reiver folk song  the wild lands around hadrians wall northern .
 pattyarquette as i said  how f d up is this world  the president  a pathological liar  can raise 20 mill for a bor .
 ilhanmn no collusion  no obstruction  wasted  30m and 2 plus years  you and other dems can t stand the truth  supp .
 lopezgovlaw  everyonesmadre sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking .
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent .
 qanon76 trumps plan to pull funding from military construction projects to pay for a wall along the u s  mexico b .
 kevinjacksontbs just escorted them right to overflow for eventual release    what would happen if citizens just marc .
 kurtschlichter my solution to the illegal immigration problem    1  secure the border  using     a  drones b  electron .
 a hot mess       more jobs  better economy  actually trying to build a border wall     yep  it s a hot mess to  libera .
 bpolitics sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for p .
 cuffymeh she also just made an argument for a border wall too        and prohibition  etc   .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
 2 3         usfk budget shaken down for border wall        potus cancels ofac sanctions     half of moon s cabinet jumps s .
 justlucky190  deef11 now this is a fantastic idea  i say don t stop until president trump removes all the wall alo .
 joeconchatv sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for .
and  of course  prosecution of offender actual under enemy belligerent act 2010  and a rico upon the entire organis .
 guypbenson sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump just like trump got mexico to pay for our border wall  just like trump ended nk from testing  ya got you .
what will happen if in 2020 the never trump faction of the gop runs someone who sounds like candidate trump on bord .
and who voted for this clown    increase ice    build the border wall    trump 2020   keeping america safe    keeping america .
this collector s item was designed and signed by conceptual artist cosimo cavallaro as part of his biggest art inst .
 mattgaetz      matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
q drop of picture seal beach       military bases at naval weapons station seal beach  ca appear safe from having a com .
the  cheesewalls length  depends on donations collected through the projects  gofundme campaign  as well as on t .
dallas earthxfilm festival is not afraid to tackle the big issues  the border wall being one ofthem .
 brwskitime  themarkpantano yep and i don t see mark standing at the border to build the wall  he s all twitter talk .
 markwarner while we are waiting   build the damn wall  do your job on border security .
 hulk bag  kylekulinski  orbisterra38  andrewyang trump is the opposite of yang on gun regulations and women s heal .
 realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is ta .
a guy i knew posted about how the meuller investigation is a waste of money compared to the border wall   25 mil so .
 blaccdiz1  hawaiidelilah  polyphonicshan where on the border  where the wall is  why did the mayor of yuma  az dec .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov talk to your democratic congressmen and make them see reason  we ned a border wall .
 sbonisoshange3  ndavher  mshaweni  but trump does not want to build a wall between the us and canada whose border .
 aylafortrump  tpinsidr hahahahahah  do it  for a lot of you  will starve  to death  thats  not  going to happen ju .
 bonbons 01  iroph   saaadmalikk  fay alif  sohatazz  atumbumm  meremortal01  rstyclinomaniac my first act as inter .
border patrol call the wall   obama s wall  because it does nothing to stop the jumpers  .
 masterredactor  anncoulter lol because supporters holding  potus  realdonaldtrump accountable for failing to secur .
 janice tittel good call  we couldve use that money to build the wall  secure our borders  get relief by hiring mo .
company in arizona says it can build border wall  cheaper  .
home depot sponsors 129 miles of trump s border wall .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
4 suspected terrorists intercepted on the mexican border over the last 2 years 49 intercepted from canada over the .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump no collusion  no obstruction  trump wins again just like the muslim ban  tax reform .
call me crazy  but i think trump wanting to build a border wall is about preventing climate change refugees coming .
 peteralexander wow that is breaking news   that is the most important journalism since  jimacosta stood next to a .
 cbsnews can you just imagine all the money wasted on frivolous lawsuits what it could have been done for usa    im .
 repmarkmeadows well said mark  maybe now we can get the border wall built and send the illegals back home where th .
 lasvegasgps  sjwebster500gm1  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump andy  a veto would not have mattered for the omnibus bil .
 hen ease ill run through a brick wall then a glass wall and even climb  or dig under  a border wall to end his career.
just a gang of bullies since 2015     gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 dailycaller talib should take the lead  stand up for her beliefs  go to the southern border  lead a hunger strike  .
 internethippo  kath krueger the democrats voted for border wall funding in 2018 and 2019 .
repubs want a wall to secure our border  why not just take the wall of idiotic dems protecting hillary  amp  obama and .
 sinnfeinireland ireland s border is the sea  it s time to get rid of the british created version of the berlin wal .
love this idea   all snowflakes stop eating until our country has a completed border wall  .
 realdonaldtrump sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s .
 realdonaldtrump keep punching president trump we need a border wall more than ever.
trump a truly amazing president   dealing with trash that is the democrats  building the economy  military  border .
 realsaavedra oh good god   vetobeto is a grandiose boob  he gives away other peoples money  amp  wants the power  all .
 our true mankind is humanity     herbert george wells the   i will build a great great wall on our southern border .
 senbillcassidy  barelypolitix exactly senator but you didnt mention   securing our border and building the wall  this must be done now .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream a wall is impractical  it costs a lot of money       i think i .
 redeyetreeefrog  3yearletterman cerquillo you better get your butt into beef o bradys tonight and get a load of o .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump if you  amp  your cohorts put as much effort      concern  amp  disgust into our border cri .
 geraldorivera  msavaarmstrong  realdonaldtrump really geraldo  ya think  how about illegal immigration you rat  am .
a strange little section of the border wall.
 nicolebarretttv  realdonaldtrump and don t forget that as i type this  long stretches of wall are being constructe .
sandstone no border    28mil wall   28mil floor   76 500 liters of water       mississauga  pooldesign  poolparty .
mexico top story   judicialwatch   president  realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund .
 repmattgaetz build the wall  each illegal entering our country is costing tax payers  195 per day to house feed  s .
trumps border wall would trample on  indigenous land and culture  the lands between the united states and mexico c .
a well armed militia will protect our freedom when the government won t  that s why we can t let the government dis .
 whitehouse  potus  wwp border wall .
 thehill  kellyannepolls democrats have been successful at diminishing the crisis at the border   refusing to negot .
 loupalumbo  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream im tired of arguing this point  a wall is impractical  it c .
new post  cindy mccain sides with the dems  attacks president trump and the much needed border wall  has been publi .
this pisses me off      artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 josiahhawthorne  dloesch its not a vanity wall  look at yuma  i have friends down there  its a national crisis  .
new border wall across mexican gray wolf corridor  via  youtube.
 ucfdad8  charliekirk11 my brother works on the border and they need a wall  more agents  better technology and pub .
this completely sums up ann s obsession with the border wall  she s even vote for bernie to get it  .
kodak black arrested for possession of marijuana  glock 9mm while crossing border from canada into u s  .
 realdonaldtrump no collusion no obstruction      no wall    no deported dreamers    no repeal of obamacare     no investig .
 senatorhassan i m calling bullshit  building a wall on our southern border would undoubtedly curb the flow of drug .
 charliekirk11 i want the wasted tax dollars back    it would make a great addition to the border wall .
 dmccafferty49 i can never forget the ridiculous statement that if scotland became independent there would be machi .
 senfeinstein same thing goes for the border  something is better than nothing 197 die everyday from overdose  build the wall.
 louisseeco  citypowerjhb  cityofjoburgza hell no then it gives him a reason to keep it on    it s right by the dam .
are you saying wall won t stop illegal border crossings   via  theijr.
 realdonaldtrump i do think we need border security but i don t really think a wall will solve our problems .
  120cres borders were made to keep people out  a commercial that played during super bowl 51 shows the border wall .
wow  talk about a bs move  the  office use  on this poster is code for border wall staging  .
most of his executive orders got stonewalled in the courts  he still hasn t been able to get funding for the border .
 mikesou57881004  speakerpelosi hey mike   i m still waiting on my middle class tax cut and on the plan for trump c .
 aoc congratulations you know how to use you tube   now maybe if you look back at some of your fellow  democrats  i .
 anna giaritelli  thetxembassy why would she say that it will not stop these people  a good wall with wire is neede .
 anna giaritelli  thetxembassy we need to build a wall and stop border crossing illegally  we need to worry more ab .
is it technological solution   why us building wall for 5 billion usd along mexico border    brexit and no .
 3rdviv  proudresister  hillaryclinton  realdonaldtrump my friends  amp  some family  here in texas  voted for trump in .
 jonfitztv  direct234567  carberyrobert  yamiche other then beto saying he wants to tear down a stretch of crucial .
 samstein  willsommer she ll be arrested as soon as trump wins a second term  you ll see  that s also when we ll ge .
 bariawilliams maybe we should have all the braiders consult on tr mp s border wall lol.
 themarkpantano  1peepersmom  realdonaldtrump it was captured on live video and when they were caught  coyotes were .
 aoc your absolutely right  they should be expelled back into mexico to wait for their case in court  which would a .
 jali cat  hlaurora63  speakerpelosi  cher  speakerpelosi remember you dems always say prayer doesnt help well ta .
 doodlemom82vhj  nprpolitics heres my point  you are clueless as to whats going on in your own state     .
 valormusic i believe we do need a wall   it s not a manufactured crisis  i lived for many years just 10 min from t .
 dailycaller trumps going to get his real wall   mark my words  this will be the great wall of trump    it will be .
low  crumbling stone wall  exactly the same as any other one dividing british fields  but     in a ring   we re back over the border babey.
 onlylogical1  direct234567  carberyrobert  yamiche radical leftists havent said anything about the border  trump .
lexis legal advantage looks at the eminent domain and  realestate challenged posed by trump s proposed border wall  .
 kasparov63 very true  good news  usa just saved  4 950 000 billion too  all we need now is a  50 000 wall around t .
 loduv  heroin by far and all its derivatives is one of the most manipulative addicting chemicals not regulated str .
 cindygilmore74  realjack trump working on border solutions and declaring a national emergency so he can make an en .
 repmattgaetz would you consider building a wall on the canadian border to keep all the american refugees on your s .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana this morning  ktvh .
 nbcnews the skeletons are buried in that southern border wall  .
great article by vdh of course         is building the wall the best way to stop separating families at the border   .
 elduderino81  robertc62158696  worldwidefan14  realdonaldtrump  potus the problem is that trump puts out a face th .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump nope there actually building the wall at texas border along the rio grand all in differ .
 jonfitztv  direct234567  carberyrobert  yamiche .
 javarizz  jim jordan that s not what border patrol agents say  they want a wall       maybe you should go work the bor .
 boydsghost i am pretty curious about the legality of this situation       it might be a good way to apply pressure to .
 usedgov  betsydevosed each year  thousands of students attend school in crumbling or unsafe buildings  instead of .
 pontifex from behind vatican walls tou dare make remarks about our   president wanting to build a wall at our southern border    you hypocrite.
this one is going to shock you   sarcasm   voteblue please  innocent children playing in another country don t need .
 onlylogical1  direct234567  carberyrobert  yamiche most of them  there was bipartisan bill passed that increased b .
new border wall across mexican gray wolf corridor  via  youtube  nowall.
 edkrassen build the wall and beef up border security with the 1 billion maga   .
new dhs chief does what trump orders him to  presses the manufactured border wall  crisis  .
 randylichner why dems will do anything to stop the wall from being built  amp  border secured  .
 jabeale  ascending2him doesnt matter   next theyll want all 15 members of the mueller team   build a wall one on .
a woman i used to intern for at a the moth style storytelling org just earnestly posted on linkedin about a man mak .
fact company in arizona says it can build border wall  cheaper .
 therealralphie3  shaddydashadow  lqs1983  moocowpup  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump there are reports that go in .
 mshapiro  thebish75 the border wall as in mexico or as in the great ice wall in the north  because neither  have worked so far .
 plynott883  actbrigitte  realdonaldtrump isis is a thing of the past  north korea has stopped sending missiles  th .
.
 yourskruti  abhisar sharma  bdutt  sardesairajdeep  reallyswara  gauahar khan exact reason why every hindu is fear .
 muellerreport collusion didn t work  guy saving his presidency is on attack  and new in the reasons to impeach  tr .
 realjameswoods hey bernie  you will find out 2020 how scared of your campaign he is  when he wins in a landslide  .
 officeofmike  kitschyms  pelosi should have to pay for an entire border wall from what she s stolen from us .
2912 will be telling   c period high yesterday   singles in a all the way up to 2923   2912 5 could light a rocket  .
 onlylogical1  direct234567  carberyrobert  yamiche hes saying an archaic wall hadnt prevented enough crime  bord .
 johnrossbowie of course he cant   he compares the wall in the north to the one he wants to build on the mexican b .
federal wildlife refuge areas are cleared for border wall .
 tanman5001  shaddydashadow  lqs1983  moocowpup  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump sure  the border wall  elites wan .
 senfeinstein the same goes for the border security wall .
a known issue in america has been illegal immigration  as the wall being built by donald trump has put a plan into .
fact politifact  capito s claims about border wall and apprehensions mostly false.
ss explored controversial issue  researched pros  amp  cons   amp  wrote paper defending their opinion on topic  then creat .
martha mcsally supports a physical barrier as part of a border security plan but says in the case of this border cr .
i bet donald trump is so jealous of the eus border police and wall     .
 lioncross1  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa he has done nothing with the border wall  he needed to fo .
 realdonaldtrump it is not presidential harassment  on the contrary  the american people have been harassed by your .
 donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete there was no berlin war   there was a berlin wall similar to what your shithole presiden .
so did mexican cartels physically force your daughter to take fentanyl therefore a wall should be built on the sout .
as the government shutdown over trump s border wall rages  a journey along the entire 1 933 mile us mexico border s .
 chaparro916  emmya2  realdonaldtrump obama built more wall than trump    there are currently 655 miles of border .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz amazing   i didn t know coolidge  az was now a border town  and i didn t know wall pr .
  racism is man s gravest theat to man  the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason      abraham josua hesche the .
 repdustyjohnson .
let s get back to building the wall     close the border  potus.
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
do it  even cher recognizes the stupidity  build the border wall  .
we re not lying  mobilizing voters takes work  recurring monthly donations will help us get out the vote     .
 kasairichardson thats why they want to build a wall  a bunch of people whose homes have been destroyed are going .
 sethabramson russian company rusal owned by deripaska gets  200m contract in kentucky    senatemajldr   for alumin .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 lioncross1  bryanriggs  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa he hasn t even really done anything with the border wall  he c .
senate votes to overturn trump s border wall emergency  .
 dolfer  mitchellvii    read.
mcsally warns border wall may not be enough to stop crisis  via  theijr.
 sopandeb lol  so true  as realistic as the one done of pence back during that meeting between trump  pelosi  and s .
 borderplz  styx666official trump is trying his hardest     he is trying everything that he s legally allowed to do  .
 realdonaldtrump  vp hope you consider using this company to  buildthewall    .
 wassmrs  tonyposnanski  mailonline now the hole obsession with the wall makes perfect sense he knows whats about .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 ashoncrawley this confirms that he wants a 700 ft tall ice wall   the border .
a continuous wall would be one of the biggest potential ecological disasters of our time  it would threaten some of .
 senschumer not many years ago you loved barr and his professional non partisan approach  also called for a wall to .
pope  with all due respect to your popeness  but you live behind a wall  are you telling us you are a prisoner  ple .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov this is the democrat s fault plain and simple  if you would work across the isl .
 vernajo16837980  berniethebest2 these dems self centered greedy  amp evil    proven they care nothingaboutamerican   lives .
a breach in the wall  in a chinese border town  officials try a new approach to immigration .
mcsally warns border wall may not be enough to stop crisis  via  theijr.
mcsally warns border wall may not be enough to stop crisis  via  theijr.
political issues aside  let s look at things from a financial perspective  shall we      .
 rosebudorson  nielsockelmann  davidmetroland  geor97  jtillx  thegrimbarian  macid3000  el chele85  charliehicks90 .
some people say a death  a life  and a border wall.
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
how on earth can it rain in uganda and tanzanian but not kenya  we have no wall at the border to prevent wind   this .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump you can t have a immigration policy with a porous border  a wall  .
 j no24 thanks for coming thru today to the national butterfly center  to see our situation with the whole border w .
 ajcelliott1985  honkhon42675861 doesn t seem that way  try going to somewhere  without the border wall protecting .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump i will gladly pay more taxes if it goes to border security and not all the  social pro .
 gkeile  marimacint she won t get the border wall with bernie in charge either .
 mzhemingway  heminator would the cost of the mueller hoax have paid for the border wall or helped cure a disease .
yesterday yuma az  not far from me  declared a state of emergency because of the demoncats belief in open borders  .
 raniakhalek a wall and secured border would have stopped this.
 justlucky190  bryfrei1961 shes just crying cause trump wasnt quick enough on the border wall      she wants to j .
ironic   since outside their stores   illegal labor for hire    .
 andrewbond3  senatorsinema  dhsgov a wall would help  you know what doesnt help  taxpayer funded benefits after i .
 realdonaldtrump we need a firewall not a border wall to protect america from its most dangerous threats .
texas state rentals  844 tex rent   on the border wall     rentals  rent  texas  sany .
 erictrump  cnn now this is done eric time that president your father close border build wall stop waiting on congr .
.
the sub from the other class just brought up the border wall and made very racist comments  .
 tomco2017  porkicide  katthehammer1  iheartmindy  parisbarns  sabine durden  breitbartnews  oann  donaldjtrumpjr .
 fox5vegas they need to build a wall on the florida border  bunch of wack jobs in that state.
 sentoomey what exactly did the russians do to undermine the election of 2016 senator   their  goal   is always to .
  senmcsallyaz acknowledges there is a crisis at the southern border  but she thinks a wall won t fix it        .
 annettegh86 he s done plenty  everytime he does something  liberal activist federal judges stop him  he s done wha .
2    where to get started to dig the dirt for our border wall  they can be useful even though they re not skilled l .
if dems spend tax     on a continuance of mud slinging at a man who has run the country for 2 years   while there t .
support  earthjustice and others in stopping trump s  borderwall  sign the linked petition and support the .
 zipowitz  andrewhymanesq  kamalaharris how so exactly  we have a mexico funded border wall  still using obama care .
 sidgswick  plunews  realdonaldtrump nationally  the idea of a border wall is meant for security but marginalizes a .
 alyxdote  kvoa  kendrahalltv  pimacountyfair i don t know if i would choose one or the other but make it a border .
 vernajo16837980  berniethebest2 verna  no  a border wall will not stop all illegal drugs guns amp  crimes but it would .
 repandybiggsaz  potus  realdonaldtrump lets get the border closed  and build that wall .
wow   realdonaldtrump has sent more troops to the border  tried to get more spending to secure the border  has done .
 aoc  bettymccollum04 nobody wants kids detained  do the right thing and secure the border   build the wall   stop .
someone should graffiti the mueller report on the mexican side of trump s border wall  is christo available .
 dance always    lynnestone1968  splintergroupie  barbann76  lauriebriggs11  furburglarr  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 .
.
 vernajo16837980  berniethebest2 verna not trying to sway ur vote here just making a point this is exactly why pres .
 dance always    lynnestone1968  splintergroupie  barbann76  lauriebriggs11  furburglarr  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 vernajo16837980  berniethebest2 verna not trying to sway ur vote here just making a point this is exactly why pres .
this i like  .
 fairimmigration  kvoa boobie trap the border   it won t cost as much as a wall   dig a deep hole along the length .
 jingoisticpulse  nevertooslow  thedaemonspawn  scottpresler im not a democrat  i just dont like trump  i dont u .
 anncoulter you want socialism as a trade for a border wall  i mean at the bottom of all this posturing  that is it .
exploring small towns on the u s   mexico border       this is interesting  i didn t know that a .
how on earth can it rain in uganda and tanzanian but not kenya  we have no wall at the border to prevent wind   this .
migrants push us border city to breaking point  mayor declares state of emergency  but ther .
company in arizona says it can build border wall cheaper  .
 realdonaldtrump       the world knows that the left will literally do anything to oust a legally elected president  .
hey congress how about some good news out of you today like build border wall lets try real hard to lieve  trump a .
people are talking wall supporter martha mcsally says more barrier won t end border crisis.
cory booker acknowledges problem at  border  says  nations should have borders     .
dan talked about paying for  realdonaldtrump  trump s border wall using el chapo s money way back in 2017 in .
  sho thecircus co host  jheil on trumps visit to the mexican border to gain support for the border wall  .
imagine  as i go into dream mode  the wall would be built  the aliens would be waiting their turn on their side of .
just 3 days to contribute to our  indiegogo album campaign   this song is a call to action .
 realdonaldtrump why and how exactly is the border getting worse if the immigration law is not changed while big s .
 benshapiro totally agree   who do i vote for to get his economic policies  border security  not necessarily a wall .
 bryanriggs  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa as president  hes exhibited many of them  like care  che .
perhaps other than a border wall  we need a firewall between the ag and potus  congress should review the president .
 twocansofwhupu1  bbcpolitics i doubt it would be a physical wall  but custom posts would go up along the border  .
company in arizona says it can build border wall  cheaper  .
 realamymholmes not to siberia but maybe kenya  lol  no but if it mirrors whats being reported in the current admi .
this doc delivers more obstruction than 1 933 miles of border wall  muellerreport.
 shanehussel  realdonaldtrump i don t know man  i don t really care either  look it up for yourself  i don t think .
 foxfriendsfirst senator booker says  border folks  have told him   no way we need a wall   please verify these sta .
hey robert francis o beto  this is with the wall  you would remove the wall on the border  would you remove the wal .
build the border wall    checkmate     charliekirk11  glennbeck  rushlimbaugheib  tuckercarlson  jessebwatters .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov build the wall and control the border.
pinche guera pendeja  theyre building the wall by the mexican border that aint preventing other countries from c .
arizona contractor holds border wall demonstration   kyma .
 acosta i stand here on the border with a wall and nothing is happening here  you re such a tool  now post what it .
dallas   earthxfilm festival is not afraid to tackle the big issues  donald trump s border wall being just one of t .
surge in muslim migration sees spike in attacks on christians in france  everything that msm is hiding from you   f .
were it not so  republicans would have funded president trump s border wall during the first two years of president .
yall acting like u didn t raise 20 million dollars to build a fucking border wall .
 iscenario  fortnitegame i love doing climbing the wall with my friends  i feel like im crossing the border .
 nickortiz414  chiefpudge  aoc  repandybarr not at all the same  you couldnt hire enough agents to stop the influx .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico   the intercept .
border wall  last week tonight with john oliver  hbo   via  youtube.
 footbailglfs this is why americans don t want a border wall because they will keep running into it  .
 jali cat  trump454545  realdonaldtrump  barackobama  elissaslotkin  senatemajldr  speakerpelosi obama you can keep .
arizona company claims new tech can help build 1 mile of border wall per day   ksaz .
how did perceptions of the us go from that of a boundless and bountiful frontier to those of shrinking  walled off .
fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
imagine if our ancestors coming to ellis island had said  heck with the law  we plan to get a boat and head to shor .
were you aware of the following bill  get the votespotter app to see how your rep  voted on this and other bills  l .
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump we have no other choice  its either crony capitalism or socialism  millions of il .
 gopleader the dems  are similar to a dog with a peanut butter stuffed bone when it comes to trump   why won t they .
and we have another one  thank god for that trooper  how about all the victims we dont know about  democrats  buil .
 repmattgaetz trump s border wall is a vortex of stupidity that trump and the gop           jan .
.
 repmattgaetz texas republican whose district shares 820 miles of the border tells rolling stone that trump s borde .
how avengers was assembled  before marvel wasmighty .
 realdonaldtrump boom       now  let s get that border wall built asap .
looks like  realdonaldtrump isnt getting his wall after all   its not the one down at the southern border   inste .
 kamalaharris no they don t  congress needs to fund the border wall .
nxivm  sex trafficking trial  pedo ring investigations  human trafficking ring investigation  el chapos trial  rus .
 realdonaldtrump mr trump instead of spending billions on the border wall why dont we just buy mexico fix it up and then flip it .
check out disney princess wallpaper girls wall border blue mountain wallcoverings 9  high   via  ebay.
 realdonaldtrump continue moving forward with protection of the american patriots  by finishing the border wall and .
democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  despite the .
cindy mccain sides with the dems  attacks president trump and the much needed border wall .
i have thought of the same scenario many times after we dump all the illegals in the sanctuary cities  only it won .
 acosta jim what about the border wall .
 cs00582sc  ramseyturbo  potus it may come to all of us driving to the border and lining it with our bodies a human .
 orrickaaron  donaldjtrumpjr if he secured the border  why does he need a wall  started trade war and had to bail o .
 mattgaetz  dustyjohnson  reppetestauber  gaetz went on tv and claimed to be at the border watching the wall being .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mr president  mcconnell is a weak leader and has always worked against the interests o .
stupid ohio birds  maybe we should build a wall along our southern border to keep those deplorables out  .
via  abc30  it s not quite what  presidenttrump has in mind  but there is a new wall going up along the u s  mexico .
congressmen on the  obama  border wall expose the actual crisis that is rediculously present   buildthewall .
28 scientists propose gargantuan alternative energy border wall park 2 000 miles long .
now youre on board with the emergency at the border  look to your own party for whos responsible  i bet a wall wo .
the real reason why we havent heard about donald trumps national emergency for his border wall funding for months  .
 senkamalaharris the  presidents vanity project of a border wall  is not a joke its extremely obvious to anyone wi .
 c sdavis  itsmutai omamo na wall ya somalia border.
 travisakers you know its true because he is wearing his casual  go look at the border wall being built  safari shirt  total douche .
 bright lights like the stadium floodlights positioned along sections of the border can also harms birds ability t .
 breitbartnews  repmattgaetz too bad its fake news   .
 thedailyshow  padmalakshmi this quote should be engraved somewhere on the border wall  you know  to memorialize th .
 dismine  whitehouse yes and it was a complete waste of time and money  the trump haters will never be satisfied  i .
put it toward the border wall  .
just because someone has money doesnt truly mean they are going to do good with it  i mean look at how much money .
appeals court rules donald trump can build border wall .
two years of wasted tax dollars on a bogus investigation  yet dems cant fund a wall on the border  they are a lost .
why are mumps  measles  small pox returning to the us  we haven t closed the border   build the wall and cases will .
company in arizona says it can build border wall better  faster and cheaper than anyone      .
san diego border tests new wall in the midst of crisis that s creating  huge vulnerabilities .
 guinea wrangler  pithyandwitty damn  but they re ignorant  .
the first thing that comes to your mind is that the  cheesewall is absurd    artist cosimo cavallaro      the .
im wearing my nasty woman tee today  kids school is closed so im home   a neighbor said i never would have gu .
u s  supreme court rejects challenges to president trump s border wall  topbuzz .
 that bitch 16  repjerrynadler  realdonaldtrump uhhmmm   you mean the president that sent troops to the border and .
 rmconservative dc politicians who refuse to fund a border wall are against deportation of illegal immigrants becau .
 tedlieu about the southern border wall    .
 speakerpelosi i know how to fix a  crisis  build a protection wall on the southern border idiot .
how about the companies building the border wall go around and hire up all of the homeless vets on the streets    t .
 senschumer wait what according to you you were accepting the results are you telling me you cant read  we want a .
 willhamill sure the border can just be a wall of dapps  no .
 losangeles  hollywood  artist building giant cheese wall along u s  mexico border   .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
 ingrahamangle  jefffis53867292 bubububut the report said trump dint do nuffin  that means he hasn t done anything .
 senschumer you dems are such drama queens everything is a crisis when you dont get your way  we want a refund tha .
 senschumer we want a refund  um hell no that money could have gone to building the wall fixing infrastructure anyt .
 smhjasmiine  e mmilyy i never said anything about the border wall   slow your roll bucko.
my family gathering last night      grandfather  so amanda  let me ask you a question   me  family liberal    sweats    gdf .
 johnnyb3910  realdonaldtrump well the wall worked pretty well until a zombie dragon lazered it  luckily their aren .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump we want a refund  um hell no that money could have gone to building the wall fixing in .
the tech soyboys are coming for the good states  build the wall  all the way across mexico and up the entire easter .
 paulhue since trump has done nothing to fulfill his pledge         what constitutes nothing   the border wall is bei .
 blisstabitha so daily we get an update on the wall from ann and now she would vote for bernie whom wants to take d .
should  cnn  amp   msnbc be sanctioned for fake news reporting about  muellerreport since  nocollusion  amp   noobstruction .
 cuomoprimetime  bethe daley  chriscuomo   cuomoprimetime did you change your tune when president said we will send .
 danscavino  realdonaldtrump dems are still looking for fake evidence for fake charges  this is old news  move on t .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz this is a lie  you were not at the border  this is not the wall  you were in coolidge .
arizona contractor holds border wall demonstration   kyma .
when someone tells you they love you more than trump loves a border wall  .
 imthemomthatsw1  quinhillyer  nedryun  sykescharlie your the delusional one  with few exceptions americans have a .
 tribal eagle70  mickeygambino  chrislebowski1  repswalwell trump cultists go into every battle of wits completely .
how goes it up north  i think we need alcohol for this special day  unbelievable  canada will soon be placing a wal .
an interesting paper from my mentor dr  rj hurlbert  neurotrauma from border wall jumping at the mexican american b .
cartel gunmen use grenade launchers at texas border   we build the wall news .
democrats hello its over get to business of the people like border wall  north korea  i think we are going to half .
 lustformldhfk  adriannormandc  realdonaldtrump and giving the largest tax break in america and lowest unemployment .
border patrol agents arrest mexican mafia gang member illegally entering u s   was headed to pelosis house  we bui .
 eclecticbrotha  owillis pssst  hillary voted for a border wall  literally  bernie didnt  hillary voted for a gwbu .
 dallasajackson  mccormackjohn you cant say mexico is paying for the border wall and that you didnt know about hu .
video  coyote drops group of illegals off on border   we build the wall news .
rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   .
watch  former congressman tom tancredo sees sealing the border come to fruition   we build the wall news .
 sokoanalyst somali border wall .
 bethlynch2020 even the plebs should understand that joey b and dinah f voted for operation gatekeeper   the bill c .
video  illegals cross border  amp  walk past 5 members of congress unnoticed   we build the wall news .
coulter  in case you havent noticed president trump against all odds is building the wall to secure our border and .
 grrrgraphics sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s fo .
 edherna65969923  msavaarmstrong how much border wall is 30 million .
its not just  i 1   the far right has pinned itself to demanding the strictest immigration policy possible for ove .
democrats undermined the north korean talks while they were going on   let that sink in    democrats have undermined .
 weve never seen anything like this   as trump threatens to close border  migrants overwhelm texas cities .
how violent american vigilantes at the border led to trumps wall   .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart .
 charliekirk11 dems can refund wasted taxpayer money  amp  have it directed to border security  thanks for the wall libs .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump perhaps instead of you tweeting and doing fox news commentary you should try to bett .
dallas   earthxfilm festival is not afraid to tackle the big issues  the border wall being one of them .
canada complaining trump not doing enough to stem the flow of asylum seekers into canada across it s southern borde .
i really don t see barr s opinion as anything more than a stay of execution of the laws of this country  e has only .
 diarmaidm  dave or chips  davquinn pelosi is a political demon  she opposed iraq war     after she supported it .
 tgm1956  mollyjongfast we are    come see us  there s no wall on our border .
 realdonaldtrump in the land of alt  reality  the words vacation  border  immigration  laws  border  patrol  and wa .
senate democrats are urging top members of the appropriations committee to restrict funding for the department of h .
 ksl5tv dems still looking for fake evidence for fake charges  this is old news  move on to finaly pass legislation .
 arizonakayte now patriots need to seek out a way to have taxpayers refunded because of this hoax  i vote the money .
 metsofficials  johnjharwood feels great  love my tax cut  love one mile of border wall being built everyday  up to .
 a group of a half dozen people has pledged to remain at the u s  mexico border until president donald trump s prop .
 aoc then build the damn wall and stop them from crossing the border  don t give me walls don t work bs .
where will the u s  military funds be used to build border wall   defenders created this handy graphic to make it e .
the smugglers are getting increasingly sophisticated  it s one reason why border patrol alone will never be enough .
 kennethhennig the fact the wall is literally made of thick ice leads one to believe that the white walkers helped .
even though this is a few years old  this popped up on my facebook feed and i got a chuckle   cnn blooper   austral .
 aocpress if it makes you feel better we can build a climate friendly wall at the border.
fema has started off as pocahontas  did the great wall is doing nothing  telling me by crooked hillary  the border  a giant.
 rsobelson  philiprucker i think you cover them all  oh wait  you forgot his base rallies  praising authoritarians .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer still looking for fake evidence for fake charges  this is old news  move on to finaly pa .
 senschumer still looking for fake evidence for fake charges  this is old news  move on to finaly pass legislation .
 walterscherie  trueeyethespy his 3 major campaign promises get rid of obamacare   its still there just the mandat .
last night  while  twitter was attacking free speech  veterans  amp  civilians were fighting back against the invasion  .
 ken the trog  derek mafs this is just silly  nobody has sat and counted lies of other presidents and if trump stat .
i personally think there s more being done on the border wall than is being let on  trump can t show too much of hi .
 philip65996527  rafael25672620  lorrainelujan7  penelope7usa  anncoulter overall  stats show americans are in favo .
president trump says new border wall  looks great       apr  05  2019   3 02   trump tours section of new 30 foot borde .
congressmen shared pics saying they were at trump s wall on the border    they weren t  .
 emilyelarsen your  facts  here are incorrect         .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
 reppetestauber  busted     rep  matt gaetz  dusty johnson  and  posted images and video claiming to be at the us mex .
 robchristie11  foxnews ann was crying and whining when trump was building the wall   what is she going to do when .
 nrcc jan 2017   jan 2019    the republican party held the white house     amp  the majority in both houses of congress   dur .
 talbertswan  you constantly bomb  potus w  your mouth   words out live you   god hates     a huge wall will be in he .
 dccc whichever one is for lower taxes and a wall on our southern border .
  senmcsallyaz acknowledges there is a crisis at the southern border  but she thinks a wall won t fix it        .
 realdonaldtrump trump administration to waive 28 federal laws  including the endangered species act and the clean .
wall supporter martha mcsally says more barrier won t end border crisis.
 rmconservative we need a national monument to all the legal americans killed by illegals in our country  and it sh .
 billpascrell seems to be working so far  my conservative family members continually spout witch hunt and hoax and .
 marilynlavala  drwhoisin  mightybanker  macshivers  hungryturkey007  markwofficial  77markallensova  vivmilano .
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall .
 realdonaldtrump deport all democrats who have from day 1 obstructed the american people  i want my taxes back that .
smuggling drugs and firearms at the northern border  sounds like a national emergency crisis to me  build that wall .
your border wall would not have prevented this    .
your border wall would not have prevented this    .
 aflorent95  robbiegibbonsco  miketanier same goes for the wall  even though i lean left  i do support the wall in .
 seanhannity time to move on  senschumer and  teampelosi  how about getting to work and funding the southern border wall .
this butterfly sanctuary wants to be the hero that stops trumps border wall  link   .
there is hope that these looney leftist can see the need for border wall  especially when threatened with sending a .
 together  these two changes will reinforce canadas virtual border wall  if we allow either to pass  thousands mor .
cindy mccain sides with the dems  attacks president trump and the much needed border wall .
 buildthewall    watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  via  breitbartnews.
i knew  anncoulter seemed too good to be true   no  ann  socialist tyranny is not a fair tradeoff for a wall on the .
 realdonaldtrump wall all around you trump no more money for the wall on the border.
 realdonaldtrump sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s .
 sentomcotton or we should work on the opioid crisis that kills more people than car accidents and give the border .
build a wall around these red states full of drudged up trump supporters  the flow of drugs has to stop  this is a .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov comprehensive   a wall   maybe we should just pull out all border patrol operations  camps  .
 mrstrollins actually  dea has acknowledged that most of the illicit fentanyl is not coming from the southern borde .
who is this guy     what the fuck        a dead dragon is gonna destroy your border wall btw .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
 kalamateddy utilize the southern border before trump completes building that wall .
good  i hope his career goes south and he goes behind that border wall  no good ass jack  .
 chizmaga  doctorwerner44 give us back the 30 million dollars  homeless can use it  veterans can use it  opioid epi .
 stevierivenbark we need candidates like you to sign up for our new social media platform at .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
i will contribute to the border wall    around florida  yall mfers crazy as hell.
 mariabartiromo if not for the possible collusion of the msm  we would probably have a republican house  a border w .
 borderland citizenship  could bring justice to both sides of trump s wall .
company in arizona says it can build border wall better  faster and cheaper than anyone .
 aoc the vote for the wall funding  dummy  if they cant cross the border  they cant be arrested for illegally cross .
 serremmy  j20godschild  cecki  jonz970  boo6741  seagalsuz1  berrytessie  oldflaco  brianbsaleh  craigsmiffy1 .
president trump is doing a wonderful job on our great border wall   take control of illegal aliens feeling entitled .
 tpinsidr build that wall   stop all immigrants   and pound congressional inaction over the border crisis  pound th .
i will build a great wall  and nobody builds walls better than me  believe me  and i ll build them very inexpensiv .
 trumpwarroom so basically we are not going to see any actual governance coming from us congress until the dems hav .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
 realtrumpforce  realdonaldtrump love my president   love winning   dem s need to go on somewhere and start doing w .
 realdonaldtrump what   a shame   this   was a witch  hunt    the money   these lawyers made off of   investigation .
 housedemocrats why would you introduce a bill to cut funding for ice and border wall construction  in the face of .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump please get busy and pass some border legislation or funding for a border wall  let s move on or retire .
 kanchangupta it might might sound outrageous but i think we actually need a wall like trump is demanding on mexico .
excellent photographs and story angle  too many of my fellow americans don t know  or don t accept  that the border .
wow  yuma  arizona mayor declares state of emergency over migrant influx at border   wall    or sanctuary cities .
 waltjesseskylar  dineshdsouza why does she need to dream  she can watch trump fulfill her agenda  pp fully funded  .
 bettinam125  nevertooslow  thedaemonspawn  scottpresler in the first attempt to offer that border security money t .
 washtimes democrats and their judges refuse to allow us to keep illegal aliens on the mexico side of the border on .
big news for bozeman  the kids book will be called  bozeman s barnard builds the border wall    .
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
do we need a wall now        .
 mattgaetz  realdonaldtrump incoherent  or absence of  policy  appointing  or just letting act  incompetent officia .
 elaineedwards5 do you know if hes flipped any cities in tx for sure  i think many border cities did vote for hill .
 adamsyarmy does not seem likely  to be honest  border wall is logical  building one inside what is actually aleppo .
 krassenstein  hillreporter i am horrified that he doesn t agree to stop the war at least on this end    instead of .
 dakotaeflynn build that wall  send everybody causin problems over the border idgaf black white brown blue beige fuck it im color blind .
 gaye gallops this is the main piece of the destructive dirty dem platform   rather than constructing a wall as the .
 realdonaldtrump best president ever    now close the border and continue with the wall .
 itbepolicy  mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump i believe in border security  i dont believe theres a crisis at the bord .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president you ve been cleared of all wrongdoing  but yet they won t let it go build the wall s .
 adamsyarmy a wall has already been erected on the border  do you mean another one encircling afrin from the south .
president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall as mexica .
president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall as mexica .
company in arizona says it can build border wall better  cheaper and faster than anyone  .
 donaldjtrumpjr the media has a huge schiffstain on it s face   they have been exposed as the anti american pro dem .
 realtylerzed  anncoulter thinks bernie would build a wall and secure our border   .
president  realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall as mexic .
 marmar3857  katiepavlich they spent more money on this investigation when they could of given the money for a bord .
 whiskeymd247365  halliejackson  potus time to build a wall on our southern border   the great democracy is offic .
kodak black arrested at the border for climbing the wall   lmfao    wtf    .
218 miles in a year  yuma az has declared a state of emergency  amp  leaders met yesterday  the last line of this artic .
 realdonaldtrump  potus now that this has been released to the public i hope the democrats and all the rest stop ha .
dusty finds demo wall on the border  no emergency in sight  representative dusty johnsons easter break junket to .
border wall construction is threatening to cut off la lomita church from its congregation in the  catholicrgv  we w .
 heyitscarolyn trumpsexecutive order protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the united states  .
hey   realdonaldtrump       the wall is already there  dipwad       .
hundreds of sheriffs from 40 states are calling on congress to build trump s border wall .
agudath israel claims jackson township is erecting a wall on lakewood border .
 marilynlavala  jamesgidcumb  quin4trump  michaelsanewman  truthpirate4rt  sanmateogirl11  horseshort  robertmabr .
 ernsherman  realjameswoods they cant fix their border wall without others money.
facebook  amp  twitter colluded with russia in the 2016 election according to the  muellerreport     cnn won t report tha .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 stillhere az  repandybiggsaz  repmattgaetz as a constituent i d prefer biggs be voted out next year  his posts are .
procession shows support for texas chapel at center of border wall plan.
some people say az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper .
the trump re election campaign has so much money that it is already airing television ads in california  one trump .
the trump re election campaign has so much money that it is already airing television ads in california  one trump .
u s  customs and border protection installs el paso border wall  via  youtube.
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall  .
check out red rose antiqued look floral border beige prepasted wall paper norwall decor   ebay.
dissident republicans running pixels across the border and reassembling them on a garage wall in cookstown for payi .
anyone speak kiche or mam  immigration courts overwhelmed by indigenous  languages   translation h t  nytimes.
 joncoopertweets jon  this story about 100 gop congressmen  claiming they witnessed the construction of trumps bor .
 kurtschlichter i have a suggestion  build a big wall in the cities on the border  in the open country  turn a 2 k .
trump gets sing songy  hopes for  fair shake  in border wall lawsuit  via  youtube.
 coffeetog face it there is no way emissions are going to be cut in half in 10 years or even 50    scientists warned .
 repmattgaetz looks like our current system works  and it keeps people employed  border agents   win win   and no fu king wall .
here comes the  muellermeltdown by  thedemocrats when the  muellerreport is released this  muellerthursday  amp  .
 repmattgaetz matt gaetz is at the mexican border where the wall  make sure it s capitalized  is being built  .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz busted   why did you lie about being on the border when you were 100 miles away  it h .
arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
 headspacecoach  normangoldman  maggienyt you re kinda reaching with a lame 2010 reference  here s some suggested c .
 i amgermany my east german border guards hat  amp  my ddr nationality car plate  for years following demolition if th .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov the whole southern border needs a wall  arizona isnt the only state affected by this unlawf .
do border walls work    armstrong economics    the next day after hungarys wall was built i .
 round lion she has been consistently on  realdonaldtrump  about not building the wall and she has a point that is .
 mattgaetz you re a clown without a circus since ringling bros  and barnum  amp  bailey closed up shop  .
no collusion no obstruction    except by the democrats who refuse to       secure our nation    build a border wall   addre .
shadowy dark money network behind left wing causes exposed in new report   fox news well  im wondering where  10 .
geez    .
 repjeffries uh  what has he done to lose credibility       i think i someone who assured us there would be no border w .
dallas earthxfilm festival is not afraid to tackle the big issues  the border wall being one ofthem .
 righthookusa once she was a paid shill for romney she lost all credibility     her constant tweets about border wall .
 c0lettea i support the wall and all that  we need more border security  but it s not the cartels fault that she wa .
 misuse of assets .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump .
 aoc once the big  beautiful wall is built you went have to worry about kids being detained at the border anymore   buildthewall.
mr withers has done a local flint stone border along the garden he made at the top of the drive at trundle towers  .
 abuse of power .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 theloonyworld  guyverhofstadt my point is that the same european leaders dismissing the trump wall  are those advo .
new video by the next news network  cindy mccain sides with the dems  attacks president trump and the much needed b .
 realdonaldtrump this video by usa today taken in 2017 before the wall building could start  shows the challenges o .
cindy mccain sides with the dems  attacks president trump and the much needed borderwall  .
 forzacorrado a border wall gets built between pat s and geno s and dougie p goes full sports science  .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 conorhdfm  stephennolan  beltel what about using a really high mosquito net as the border wall .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump btw  lou  when gaetz reported he was lying about wh .
most illegal immigration isn t at mexican border where trump wants to build a wall .
border patrol agents in texas showed trump why his wall wont work  quartz .
 nickboocock is nigel s nazi poster the reason the eu have called for an additional 10 000 troops on the eu border  .
.
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump handpicked arent they all had picked lets be honest chuck put your energy into the s .
paraphrasing       the mexican government has agreed to start building donalds wall on the us mexican border        constr .
this half term  the  burnetnewsclub are exploring walls  borders and freedom of movement  one student .
 speakerpelosi for more than two years  schumer and pelosi has opposed the wall  how many are raped and killed in t .
 diarmaidm  davquinn she s  a funny one  she ll misquote the bible one minute and then be all pro abortion     she vo .
 speakerpelosi pelosi talk about trust     for more than two years  schumer and pelosi has opposed the wall  how many .
thank you  no border wall .
 usatoday  geraldorivera that may be   but its still true  one parent is working against the other to win the most .
tempe contractor demonstrates building technique for border wall  via  azfamily.
fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
 mfcbutt50  chiefpudge  aoc  repandybarr again  this is all on camera  trump said he would shut down the government .
no border wall  no border wall  no border wall  .
the wall is not popular   and neither is trump   .
at this point you can blame  realdonaldtrump for each and every one of these       he s had the legal authority to buil .
 irrepressably she also actively advocates for sharia law and accuses americans who oppose it of islamophobia     tha .
yesterday i judged my sisters 6th grade class debate on the border wall and let me just tell you  i feel very comf .
 necroxlive dude border half wall is fucked .
 babcia54  pnpcbc  jkenney hi mary  i am against kenney but if you live here and see constant roadblocks by other p .
 kamalaharris i guess you shoulda voted to support the border wall .
 adamrobinsoncdm  realdonaldtrump i know one thing close the border and build the wall.
border wall construction threatens texas butterfly sanctuary  via  smithsonianmag.
 mfcbutt50  chiefpudge  aoc  repandybarr also  the disagreement was over the wall  the dems were ready to fund addi .
hell they won t even give up  5 5 billion for a border wall that s needed  then there s the  34 trillion they expec .
 naanders  aoc you re right  the wall wont fully secure our border but you have to admit it s more than what any ot .
 realdonaldtrump  vp donnie boy   no new border wall sections being built     just trying to let your deplorable ba .
border crossings are increasing      in the 28 days in february  the shortest month of the year  the united states saw .
the emergency at the border is out of control    need more wall  need more soldiers     omg its a invasion  .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov so if its not bipartisan then we shouldnt secure the border   it will never be bipartisan  .
an ann coulter offended is harder to win over than a country with a southern border wall .
sometimes one can see the future  this image of wildflowers and razor wire in the shadow of the border wall is comi .
while we wait for the  muellerreport watch what happens when the border wall ends  pay attention to the 7 32 mark o .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  via  breitbartnews.
after all this nonsense is concluded with the mueller report  border wall  bogus impeachment of a sitting president .
 imtiazgarcia  josephwall2 and there is a silver line between these vigilantes all over the world  protect the worl .
 nytimes rent buses     send all criminal illegals to nyc    la  hollywood  and san francisco     open border lawless  sa .
 realdonaldtrump you should stay at the wh and not go to florida if border wall so damm important  stop telling dem .
 ajplus from our governors to our presidents two people in higher up society they don t care if they have cared thi .
build the wall  close the border        ohh wait        guatemalan presidential candidate held over  drug plot  .
 ceeacosta  putzie63 i dont get the push back on the wall   why do we have a camera on every single traffic light .
democrats continue their all out war on the president  now seeking to restrict funds for ice and border wall constr .
 jillycarleen  repjerrynadler it doesnt matter what you want in dc  examples  president trump impeached  a wall .
racial superiority is a mere pigment of the imagination  the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bord .
 ivdio2013  eggpapa3  annaewiernicki  betoorourke  wncn  nexstardc racist   tell me how  pls  i m sick of that base .
 rightwinglawman  hauserlisa1  anncoulter ann wasnt getting enough attention       her whole shtick was border wall .
 speakerpelosi  cruellaisdevine this could be much bigger  operation trojan horse  trump has our military all over .
the picture shows the church where the procession began  not the chapel that trump s border wall could threaten  .
 lacerci65  nanscuvel you must also add an effective border barrier as  deportation alone does not work in the usa its called a border wall .
 cheese wall border tecate mexico  unitedstates  project  installation  artist cosimocavallaro  support join donate .
 mattgaetz     petestauber  repdustyjohnson    tried to cos play a trip to the border  gopisfakenews .
 repmattgaetz build the damn wall the whole border not jus places .
 trumpgoaway  kaitlancollins  jaketapper guess will have to wait for anita wall to get appointed to have our border .
the left continues to insist that the border crisis is nothing more than a manufactured myth       but the truth is get .
 loupalumbo  the21stin  andrewyang  shannonbream he wants a secure border  he just wants efficiency   in an intervi .
border wall is going up at a pace of 2 miles per day and has a fiber optic cable that detects anything within 30 ft .
 oann   20 top dems want 2restrict funds 4 ice  amp  border wall  amp   senronjohnson says we basically have open borders  .
 7407413a  wdg01 possible trojan horse  trump spreads our military all over the world and then allows putin and kim .
 rogeranderson8  wuestyette  joelkoskan  kellykat317  repdustyjohnson did you see dusty johnson s video of border w .
breaking  the border wall contractor fisher company is now building the border wall at 2 miles a day  the wall is c .
 vettordena  realdonaldtrump and el paso has been spared largely because of the border wall  i would think your fir .
 ryanbarton26  rashidatlaib  aoc every single rep from a texas border town opposes the wall .
 realchristianob funny thing is  his policy would require landmines at the border  not just a silly wall.
 funder  wdg01 a trojan horse  trump spreads our armed forces around the globe  then let s putin and kim in the bac .
 mosesnijmeh  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump yes  the removed some of the old wall and replaced it with n .
since  trump has failed miserably at his 2 signature campaign promises  building the wall and healthcare what is he .
busted     repmattgaetz  reppetestauber  repdustyjohnson fraudsters  fakenews    gop congressmen pretend they w .
in a twist  canada asks u s  for help cracking down at its southern border  build a wall and trump will pay for it .
i have ordered new brunswick and quebec border patrol to be high alert  many propaganda halifax mooseheads fans wil .
a coalition of carrizo comecrudo members  valley residents and allies hailing from south dakota  colorado  amp  missour .
this is  texas      79  support a path for citizenship for  dreamers   53  oppose building a  wall at border   60  su .
cyclist misjudges corner and flips over brick wall .
its no surprise the mainstream u s  media refuses to report this story to the american public can you imagine how .
skeptics who believe a border wall will not stop illegals from entering the united states may want to look at what .
 realdonaldtrump i wish twitter had a laughing emoji instead of just a heart   so  i will provide my own     real .
 foxandfriends mueller report has been fear mongering by the very democrats who state our president is fear mongeri .
cyclist misjudges corner and flips over brick wall .
i think a death  a life  and a border wall.
 boxerorwell  nickgillespie  petebuttigieg  maddow  reason i suppose learning to weld and use cranes to erect a mas .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border    goplies  fakeborderwall.
 dcexaminer  senmcsallyaz solving the southern border problem involves a myriad of complex issues  a wall built in .
 stucam7771 thank gods were gonna build that there border wall to keep us all safe  .
 kamivein  c0lettea  jepadu  debrahu63414379 why wouldnt a wall help  so many people die as mules crossing that bo .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov ok then all you democrats can come to the table and work with our president  we need a wall .
 to save internationalist europe    hire 10000 border officers    .
show us the border patrol agents who disagreed with building a wall   you re lying     cory booker   we do have a pro .
arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
  senmcsallyaz acknowledges there is a crisis at the southern border  but she thinks a wall won t fix it        .
 realdonaldtrump there is no wall being built   i live less than 30 miles from the border   i can go down and see w .
 topcat4647  seanhannity  aoc has trump given americans a  health insurance plan that you are going love     is mexic .
 randpaul again randall     how about the invasion at the southern border    how about ending that  by getting a wa .
 isiah4congress  aoc stop the drama with your hate for white people   build a bridge to your house and take in ille .
you know what would actually honor our wounded veterans would be to fund the currently dysfunctional va instead of .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov build the wall  our only hope in border states is a physical barrier  congress has had the o .
 senatorsinema  fort huachuca     she goes left on securing the border and than right on skipping out on supporting .
 fsnarkey  robertsacco18  barula at this rate  we will be building a wall at the southern border and offering vic to nz .
senate candidate is all trump when it comes to a border wall  gavin clarkson  choctaw  announces bid for the u s  s .
he calls it a border wall fancy name for wasting money  they are here their children are here  they have multiplied .
senate candidate is all trump when it comes to a border wall gavin clarkson  choctaw  announces bid for the u s  se .
 pollsofpolitics  realdonaldtrump yes a wall plus immigration reform   a wall would stop people from rushing the bo .
the word is out about a walljuan is coming .
 radio702 awesome  so  does this mean he has no artificial constructs by colonizers around his house  can we all .
did anyone else notice that there wasnt a mad dash to the border until trump mentioned putting up a wall .
trump supporters  the gop was caught trying to trick you again  they thought you were gullible enough to fall for t .
b is for border this half term  the  burnetnewsclub are exploring walls and borders   one  gorse ruth student has .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana thismorning  .
border wall offer  us company shocks president trump  via  youtube.
 deplorabledonn2  repmattgaetz she wasn t going to waste money for a wall but she is all about border security   an .
 bealejonathan  oc15sqn interestingly  raf gatow in berlin was right up against the border  the east germans left a .
trump border wall construction presentation  2019   via  youtube.
if you don t raise hell with your representatives you will have this in your front yard sooner then you think   cal .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
.
washington examiner revealed  wall supporter martha mcsally says more barrier won t end border crisis  .
 ruthleaecon everywhere the eu hasn t mission crept it meets a border with a non eu country  no big new berlin styl .
 nora ell we are having tremendous problems on the border like you wouldn t believe which is why i m going to build a wall with a bbd.
     reuters japan  2019 01 10 17 01 00 jst  gt  gt        sougofollow.
 onjikogereson  itsmutai you forget the somalia kenya border wall project  that cost millions per kilometer but sti .
 independent israel shoots kids on its border and the media are silent  ditto their border wall  madonna was co opt .
 peteums2  axios          exactly   i live in pennsylvania  near the new jersey border   we ve been contemplating a wal .
 nostrathomas57  stevesgoddard  barackobama  aoc where did the  1 trillion in stimulus money obama have go   can yo .
 repadamschiff additional note  your resistance to the border wall along with proposals to reduce voting age to 16  .
 urocklive1  realdonaldtrump he can t help himself in one tweet he  says border out of control but then realizes he .
 guyverhofstadt nice way to spin it  what s the difference between border guards and a trump esque wall .
 harveys98451814 italians must protect his border building the biggest wall ever created  30 meters tall  and with .
 doozy 45 wish i had been a fly on the wall   but it sure puts to bed the argument of the border   no agreement on .
eventually  but at a later date so we can get started early  japan will be paying  in some form  for the badly needed border wall .
how to go over the border wall     .
 ingrahamangle why dont you and some of your friends go down to the texas border buy the land  a few million yards .
 repmattgaetz wow  stopping people on their way to trump s golf course  were they carrying drugs or on the terroris .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money      the usual suspects are at it again    hope theyll be indi .
arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
cory booker acknowledges problem at border  says  nations should have borders     .
 cathyyoung63 kenya really needs to build their somalia border wall .
illegal immigrant arrested after abducting  raping new jersey teen  cops   foxnews   democrat .
 wtam1100 this   is about human trafficking  and what women are forced to do  so  people who are for trump s wall  .
 joegooding  biddergalore  iammonicarae  thancockmd  vaxchoiceeast  txbonniejean  boxersforlife  red red rita .
pelosi suggests mowing the grass instead of building border wall  via  youtube.
 senatorsinema  randrandh  dhsgov help the president with getting a complete border wall built.
president trump says new border wall  looks great  .
in other words there is no technological solution  a border is a border  that s why trump wants to build his wall  .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
 aoc based on the nas data  illegal border crossers create an average fiscal burden of approximately  74 722 during .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov secure our border     build the wall .
working class solidarity can bring down border walls  no ban  no wall  sanctuary for all    marxism2019.
what would have changed    puerto rico after maria   the wall   southern border family separation   government shutdown    su .
 takeaction with me on  time with  action button  we can make a difference  .
 realdonaldtrump now put down your phone  please  and go secure the border now    tell jared he has given you baaad a .
nancy pelosi says democrats will sue to stop president trump from  stealing  funds to build border wall .
home depot sponsors 129 miles of trump s border wall .
 thedemocrats i agree  the border wall is a distraction event to disguise his lack of a poor domestic and foreign p .
i mean if u think about it  if we built the wall around florida instead of the mexican border  it would have the same theoretical effects.
 herxxxangel  kelc3171  awesomelystacey  tufftiffresists  aaronfife007  thegoodgodabove  realdonaldtrump  potus .
the wall is used to control workers  its used to drive down wages on both sides  in usa  amp  mexico   its about e .
i m so infuriated about this border wall .
 realdonaldtrump lies  no wall is being built  if you mean that grandstanding done by some  r  s in texas  they wer .
 aoc aoc there is no such place as palestinian  have has been and never will be  simple to fix kids in cages  send .
wildlife is at stake  tell the house to reject trumps border wall    sign the petition   via  change.
.
fact pentagon awards nearly  1 billion to build trump s border wall.
all these fake american hating terrorist  if they were real theyd hit us where the maga people would hurt  attack .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
  no one is born hating another person because of their skin color  background or religion  it must be learned     .
 repjerrynadler jerry  as a taxpayer i think your job should be to focus on the crisis at the border and help get t .
 steamtug7 one of the most heartbreaking aspects of the trump era has been the revelation that many people who clai .
 bassman365  djrothkopf  andylassner and the dems offered trump  25b for the wall last year but trump refused becau .
lying    gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 despite celebrations this year that the berlin wall had now been down for longer than it was ever up  europe has n .
 nicolasturgeon  andrewwilson bonds of friendship divided by a massive border wall and checkpoints   no thanks .
 leftkist  l r  jeff allen  jim benvie  viper and stinger share cigarettes while patrolling the us mexico border in .
 erictrump kind of like we need a border wall becoming a border wall is immoral    modern day democrats have no soul.
why  though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexica .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews why  though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a .
.
oh  like build the wall  mexicos gonna pay  or close the border  how about trade wars are easy to win  stfu and no .
 repmattgaetz building a border wall 100 miles north of the southern border is kind of ineffective isn t it .
 repmattgaetz oh my god asylum seekers are such an inconvenience for a fascist government  you do realize when thes .
 ranchers on the usa mexico border united to say no to trumps wall  has been published on cyprium news   .
 simoncalder i used a 72 hour version a few years ago  time enough to do beijing and wall    just needed exit ticket  .
has the orange considered using inflatable mt  fuji balloons for our wall  cuz our dearly border patrol agents couldn t even climb them  .
world renowned cellist yo yo ma played music in the united states mexico border over the weekend in protest of trum .
i have great wall on our southern border  and i watched our firemen  down on the highest   and beautiful  piece of me that.
 kevinbenjamin99 yeah we definitely gotta fix our border  but to me a wall just sounds like a waste of money  we go .
 cfrelund  cafreeland  justintrudeau you could be the hidden key to border relations  just don t build a wall  huh .
 pyrmha108  damiancollins can t you also see how geeu mentality forcing on uk exp formed their id  start with pulling dwn of ge border wall .
 goldngems he needs to have an endless crisis at the border  so that he can continue building the wall and neve .
illegal immigrants overwhelm border city  mayor declares state of emergency      via   .
 joncoopertweets shocking how quickly all that rust developed on donald trump s  brand new border wall  .
mexico will pay for border wall and  enjoy it   says trump  video .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5 meanwhile  hes secured billions of dollars for the border barrier .
 droneeverything  repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump they are using them       and blimps and sentry towers      you see   t .
i was at this demonstration    impressive to say the least   fisher industries has it figured out   top notch    .
the myth of the american frontier via  thenation .
 repmattgaetz but there is surveillance by technology and border patrol agents   much cheaper than a wall  you reve .
 soni razdan so going by your logic  all citizens should have same currency  facilities and wait should i pay for t .
rt realdonaldtrump  democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the .
love matt gaetz  he cares about us amp usa  shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
 nibusiness  speakerpelosi if a border wall  it would be between northern ireland and the republic of ireland  it w .
 dave34027379  karenpuckettleo  rabbijill  realdonaldtrump when obama was president he deported more immigrants tha .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mitch stabbed  realdonaldtrump in the back over the border wall     ditchmitch  maga.
what the president calls a border crisis is in fact  a crisis in the asylum system     one that has continuously be .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart .
fact fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year.
rt realdonaldtrump  democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the .
or ceramic step riser  rangoli floor tiles         or ceramic border tile manufacturer  supp .
 ircocytus  speakerpelosi ok   leaving aside what the gfa actually states for a minute  where will the border wall .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  .
federal wildlife refuge areas are cleared for border wall .
realdonaldtrump   democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the bo .
because  why not  .
 thelmab06893137  marilynlavala  sweets10111  wagonknoggin  matron2020  macshivers  amwcb6179  shyanson .
democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  despite the .
democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  despite the .
rt realdonaldtrump  democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the .
 nibusiness  speakerpelosi the gfa was brokered by the us and the us is a guarantor for the gfa  it was a peace dea .
 peteflores tx  ltgovtx  johncornyn  sentedcruz  tedcruz  teamcornyn thank you  peteflores tx  amp   ltgovtx for bringi .
 realdonaldtrump by  wall  to you mean the ongoing repairs on the border or the metaphorical divide between yourself and the constitution .
 sabohedgie  redandblackrain  leftkist i found this newsweek article from last week about militia on the nm border .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream i don t think a wall is what we need or want       literally bo .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  .
 aoc some common sense   build the wall as part of the border securing system as part of complete immigration syste .
my thoughts fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year.
dangerous border wall at new mexico anapra  mexico border   challenge to beto and veronica escobar to come down an .
 george chi86 this person builds a thread tugging heart strings etc saying things like i m not blaming the good peo .
shot twice by border guards  brueske was then buried by sand after hitting retaining wall on west berlin side  he s .
 ltgovtx hey asswipe   immigrants cross tx border since we have a fuc amp ing wall in california .
bhme was armed and fired back at border guards   in the shootout while trying to cross berlin wall  he killed bord .
during escape attempt  peter bhme was shot to death by border guards  his friend wolfgang g made it across the be .
 gdr  otd 1962  three deaths at the berlin wall  klaus brueske  peter bhme  and jrgen schmidtchen   two people t .
hey  repraulgrijalva   why dont you support a wall for our border crisis   shame on you     azgop.
 realdonaldtrump trump  you created a bfm at the border  maybe you should skip mar a lago trip tomorrow and head to .
 liar  this was a photo op in front of wall prototypes that took place 100 miles from the border   the prototypes w .
did you enjoy coolidge  az   100 miles from the border   how were those wall prototypes looking   fyi    the wall w .
 liar you and that clown were in coolidge  az     100 miles from the border   you were taking selfies in front of w .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream trump offered the same thing to the democrats and they said i .
 aoc fund the wall  go to the border and see for yourself  youre playing games with human lives to get dem voters  .
can the border wall stop the inflow of drugs  two tarantulas weigh in  .
 aoc where were you when obama was caging kids   the clueless bartender    how about supporting more funding for bo .
america needs a southern border wall   because in my opinion  plugging the hole in a overloaded sinking boat is alw .
 ircocytus  speakerpelosi great  so if the eu imposes a border wall with the consequences you describe  by that l .
 truefactsstated  pinkcloud15 they were not on the border  they were not witnessing construction of a wall on the .
 timmyhutch  betsybg  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump lord  apart from the obvious question as to why a republican c .
decomposing bodies of two migrants found on texas ranch    80 miles from border wall prototype .
 homelanddems  realdonaldtrump  repkathleenrice  repbarragan  repbonnie  repunderwood  repescobar america is burnin .
 stewesojft96  georgegalloway  nigel farage  thebrexitpartly how can an internationalist  support the eu    im not .
why would we deport a muslim woman once the mexican border wall gets built  yall are just dumb at this point .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border       turns out they were lying  no surprise    .
the man filming is jim benvie  a minnesota native  who set up camp along with a rag tag  dad army  a couple of week .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 ilhanmn why is it that for you immigration reform means no restrictions and gun reform means confiscation   a good .
all along you thought the gov t was going to protect this country but the  democrats have another  agenda  .
he really said that he agrees with more border control and the wall bro u aint even white and im just here trynna .
.
 c0lettea link     .
border agents tell us that a wall would greatly help  this appears to be true in southern california    however chang .
 realdonaldtrump   democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the bor .
yuma  ariz    senmcsallyaz wants more physical barrier on the border but says more barrier won t end the current b .
busted      gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
its a beautiful prototype        breitbartnews    repmattgaetz with a border wall prototype  .
 darinmorris5  tuckercarlson for ex every day he talks about mamufacturing jobs  china  etc but never reports on tr .
small children are being kidnapped and brought to the american border without their parents consent  cartels don t .
 firinglineshow  the bad part comes is the idea of a wall  which i thought was a great idea in the 15th century whe .
deaths in the border region have to do with the lack of  economic opportunity  the unquenchable appetite for drugs .
trumps new budget slashes funding for public radio          that means some of your favorite radio shows could be gone .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 van900678763  cbcnewsbc  lienyeung  news1130 totally not tony area  the pt   burrard dividing street between fairvie .
this doesn t have anything to do with real life refugees  by the way      don t let them build the wall  end the concen .
 sandric1982  margculbster   sticky  danwentzel  emily delozier  miafarrow  realdonaldtrump does the border partrol .
hey  thedemocrats     you guys want to prevent  realdonaldtrump from winning on the border  but let me tell you thi .
everyone who  marks   realdonaldtrumps words knows he b s s    but not trumpians        i will build a great wall    b .
 danilovestay effective border security is a good thingits rather ignorant to claim it wouldnt be  a border wall .
samantha trayhurn reflects on australia s immigration policy from the border between colombia and venezuela    .
paying for  realdonaldtrump  trump s border wall with el chapo s money was dan s idea back in 2017  which he talked .
 serremmy  cecki  jonz970  boo6741  seagalsuz1  berrytessie  oldflaco  brianbsaleh  craigsmiffy1  schottmama .
 madigueber lmao a wall would be an effective form of border security wrong which is undoubtedly a good thing w .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch join   amp   retweet    muellerthursday .
 palmerreport i hate this low life mentally ill scumbag of a man when he dies  i say bury him on the border  amp  entom .
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
in the shadow of the wall  border security is center is center on violence not  security objectives     hist416.
border patrol cant get up a wall   amazingrace.
some people say  310 million in california military construction may be safe from border wall cuts.
 senatorsinema build the wall  send illegals to san francisco  when will democrats get serious about the border  sh .
 repgosar no  the immigrants crossed in2 yuma illegally where theres no wall  they claim asylum  amp  get sheltered  b .
 loudobbs  mattgaetz  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump .
could have been used for the border wall    this was the  american people s tax money    should there be restitution fo .
 b3gsfan  rob shehan  19plf68  speakerpelosi i just know every congressional district on the southern border    exc .
and justin trudeau is a conservative compared to beto  bernie and warren     trudeau is a genius compared to kamala h .
 our true mankind is humanity     herbert george wells the   i will build a great great wall on our southern border .
specifically  the democrats want to keep dhs from seeing additional funding for immigration and customs enforcement .
ma played music as a protest to president donald trumps request for a wall to combat illegal immigrants    .
border wall prototype clearly designed by using  72 million of a single bus that the office rejected.
 nhpolitics how come  senatorshaheen wasn t deeply troubled about  150 billion cash to iran    yet she fierce about n .
 garycp70  berniesanders not like a border wall  tax breaks for the rich  a space force and a new moon mission    .
1  why lie    2   allinwithchris did a live  over the border  showing no construction so we know  realdonaldtrump .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 aoc well     build a wall and improve border security so they don t get in illegally  and we won t have to detain them  isn t that amazing .
i went to the border  we need a wall    believe it or not  a girl from liberal massachusettes travels to the southe .
 aoc dont want your kids in cages on the border  either stop the illegal invaders from illegally entering this grea .
i am very happy with president trump s progress on the border wall  it s very crucial to the security of the united .
if you really want to keep the border safe without the wall  have a few apache gunships fly low altitude runs along the border .
i guess citizens are starting to stand in where cbp are spread too thin   build the wall and fund cbp  .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart .
 tds democrats all extremists  a gang of 20  tds democrats order senate appropriations committee to abolish dhs  cb .
 boberfett  repmattgaetz so youre saying border patrol catches 100k people at the border every month without the b .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov build the wall  close the border  thats the smartest immigration reform  stop obstructing .
 repmattgaetz  loudobbs  repandybiggsaz are you really at the border   .
 ilhanmn we should have a muslim ban and a wall at our southern border about a decade ago .
 repandybiggsaz  repmattgaetz .
what israel s border wall experience tells us   realclearpolitics .
 b3gsfan  19plf68  rob shehan  speakerpelosi it is faux outrage if you aren t holding paul ryan accountable for his .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov send additional resources to ports  how are you going to ensure those crossing go through a .
rumours of az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper .
 realdonaldtrump no wall has been built  dems gave you money for border security  you blew it  stop whining  voting .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov  senatorsinema i know you know we need to build the wall  we can all see you coming around a .
every conservative should definitely follow  theprezstariii  you ll definitely love how he motivates blacks into be .
 gop  realdonaldtrump border security  lt  gt  wall          asylum is legal        .
 realdonaldtrump build a nice wall around calif and let gavin the goofy take down the border wall and put his money  where his mouth is.
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border      from  feedlab.
we can place the wall square on the southern border  name the enclosure trump penitentiary  presto   trump has his wall on southern border .
as true americans  we must never stop pressing for a border wall   at the canadian border .
 realdonaldtrump is border and wall proper    why is immigration laws also capital    .
 painter nancy  jacobfhsmith  democratic incumbent sen claire mccaskill is a noted skeptic of the idea of building .
wall supporter martha mcsally says more barrier wont end border crisis  washington examiner .
yet the mendacious  unpatriotic  socialist   democrats  insist we don t need a wall      buildthewall .
lmao you may think this knucklehead is just auditioning for the lead role in a movie based on a ben garrison comic  .
border patrol video  drone flying over el paso area border .
 thomasjonwilli1  rob shehan  19plf68  speakerpelosi no one said nancy had anything to do with the shutdown  she di .
 whitehouse join   amp   retweet .
 berniesanders too  radical   ha  recall the rhetoric of 2016  spec  donny s   immigration ref  as  mexico building .
trump s america      trumpcare disaster   mass deportations    family separations    wall of fear    women marginalized    nazi .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 repjerrynadler 2005   have you been in a coma for the last 14 years   no   to help the border states with a wall  .
a group of republican congressmen visited an arizona site over 100 miles from the u s  mexico border and lied to t .
 lexa merica  blocktwitslvts  echao80  electricman 3  billsherlin  theusaroaddawg  hallkeithky  mediabuzzzz .
 telosa3  judicialwatch  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump oops       fox news  laura ingraham calls out trump s big border wa .
 breitbartnews  mattgaetz  repmattgaetz .
 repandybiggsaz  mattgaetz  repmattgaetz how pathetic you are  drunky matt       .
 realdonaldtrump oh really   youve been on vacation since you took office  youve spent more time at mara shit lag .
 joshbuermann  daveweigel well  fuck biden  he s an old coot who likes to sniff women  and he voted for the iraq wa .
the ecological disaster that is trumps border wall  a visual guide   new sections of wall will cut through a texas w .
hot take  a wall could actually be an effective form of border security  which is undoubtedly a good thing  but tru .
 realdonaldtrump plus  for  someone who  supposedly has a big  brain  and knows  big  words  and claims he can shut .
this is whats happening on the border and we need the wall built and i dont give a fuck about the liberal goddamn .
if  thedemocrats  amp   cnn don t like being called enemy of the state or enemy of the people perhaps they should stop .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
   tunnels maybe used underground for child trafficking .
north dakota company fisher industries invited nearly a dozen members of congress to arizona tuesday to demonstrate .
 emf 7  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder forget compassion  were under attack and half the country is ok .
 realdonaldtrump nothing is wrong at the border and you are lying about the wall yet again.
 d ladivina  ayoitzerika  yvngkrich youre ignorance is sad  since your such an expert at border security you must .
 johnnyaz12  alyssa milano  cnn  msnbc  foxnews  cbsnews  abc 14 the border  deliberately creating a humanitarian c .
  montana bound   cestlavieq  good  realdonaldtrump  saracarterdc  tuckercarlson  sarahpalinusa  judgejeanine .
 jellio14  csbrude  tomilahren perhaps the senate should brush off that feb 2018 amendment that contained  25b for .
 repdustyjohnson  johnehult  argusjellis  danielgerling is this the construction and upgrade that was approved unde .
a  wall worked to keep all but the most fierce mongols out of china for hundreds of years         democrats say a wall .
 gatewaypundit join   amp   retweet .
 gatewaypundit join   amp   retweet .
 repmattgaetz is that really the border though       .
politifact  capito s claims about border wall and apprehensions mostly false.
 ilhanmn thats great  build the wall at the border and stop being part of the problem .
 ryangirdusky fixed it       most important issue for trump voters    illegal immigration border wall immigration bannimg .
 repmattgaetz  craftmastah we should  acosta down to investigate   he made a connection a few months ago with a wal .
.
 senfeinstein i can t believe you have the nerve to talk about child abuse prevention  what about all the children .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump so  edkrassen  are you admitting that even  barackobama is for the wall at the southern border  lol  .
 1776stonewall  blue2reaganite join   amp   retweet .
 fairimmigration  thehill  rachelfrazin funny how these things seem to be working out   i m not sure why it s ok to .
 repmattgaetz let s all give queen pelosi a big hand  she has single handedly created a real life emergen .
 liberalnotlefty  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn if game of thrones has taught us anything  it s that the real danger comes f .
 traitor warrior and last but not least  blasting them with a statement that president reagan  a republican patriot .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews join   amp   retweet   it s free  amp  fun  .
 ryangirdusky  anncoulter what if the dems just build a border wall  what concessions could they get   medicare for .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 mattgaetz lies again .
 jdawsey1 can t miss the links  can we   with that national security issue going on down by the wall down south or .
 clubspeaks  qmagamike  bell55j  rhinoo7  euclidlen  dbargen  shadow24  ginibellem  robin ked  mymynags  glo4itnow .
rt ryangirdusky  most important issue for trump voters    illegal immigration border wall immigration  41    the econom .
 pflv4angels  tweetmebren  cher  lwhaynes if their was suppose to be a wall it wouldve been there when this was .
oh look the 20 nimrods are at it again                    .
 clubspeaks  thomaspkennedy3  qmagamike  mbales250  bell55j  rhinoo7  euclidlen  dbargen  shadow24  ginibellem .
 clubspeaks  4x clubchamp  gw1stpotus  magapatriot tgm  harleyhap  realbrendah  trimblegator  open2learn .
 clubspeaks  jonz970  briteeye777  jjredwave1  america working  bob bouy  mmchiara  calirn619  misspunk63 .
 clubspeaks  jayhawker4trump  st louis ray  jdhardin1  tgslusher  big dplorable  len9671  anonagain3  divoragirl .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana this morning.
 clubspeaks  frankferacious  shinormawn  da47panda  cc4trump2020  garway95  refuse n resist  ffortrue  4boysnanny .
 isiah4congress  aoc i m not white     i believe in a border wall  we have enough people here     open your eyes  t .
 clubspeaks  stlpcs  dvscott81scott  bbusa617  robyn lance  dalerobin   dazie13  rodhillis1  magagirly  geaninec .
cindy mccain criticizes border wall as solution to human trafficking in nbc interview  via  azcentral.
 economicslave  hogangidley45  whitehouse .
bush  amp  rockefeller family s funded nazi war effort and laundered nazi money  via  youtube  i .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump democrats know we are being overrun  they will not give in to a wall  they do not w .
wall supporter martha mcsally says more barrier wont end border crisis   washingtonexaminer .
fuck building a wall on the mexican border build a wall around the twins house and let s see them bitch ass fans get over that shit .
trapped at the border      .
congressmen shared pics saying they were at trump s wall on the border    they weren t  .
dems flush w cash  why  bought  amp  paid for by mexican drug cartels  that s why they don t want wall  refuse to admit .
 breitbartnews  repmattgaetz yeah  guess you missed this news story on how easy it was to cut through those steel s .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed american patriots blocking the border wall gaps .
 repjerrynadler whiny toad  nothing satisfies you   your lynching rope ready  how about you do your job and fix imm .
 realdonaldtrump trumps  diarrhea of lies  we need a cyber wall but for obvious reason trump and his republican co .
trump awards himself emergency powers to divert military funds to buy great wall of china    impeach45  border .
 the red hand   tashacss  cityofyuma  whitehouse there is a wall there  they cant process the people  hire judges  .
 bad hombreee  stormisuponus sessions public attack  rr problems  why was huber made public  happened last year apr .
 terrybadry  4theturnstiles  tj cox  ilhanmn agree the illigration system needs an overhaul  but  we also need to s .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  breathe   breathe        fox news  amp  ann coulter     pile on trump for lying .
 realjameswoods this is why we need a border wall .
 aintnobarbie why are any illegal aliens in our country      arm the border   build the wall   deport  deport  deport .
 barryisfunny  ilhanmn i guess you didnt read my tweet and only seen where i called you a snowflake  i was actuall .
trump no longer has to let asylum seekers enter our country to await their trial date  most are not asylum seekers .
 str thry  erinbiba  wileechaote who needs a wall when they have planes  boats  and shovels  we need border securit .
 c0lettea u should have started with this but your posted sounded as if you were blaming all ppl south of the borde .
 mariabartiromo i keep thinking hell just ask buddy andy cuomo to start building a wall along nys southern border .
democrats refuse to change asylum laws because illegals are there future voter base    vote dems out in 2020    dems ar .
democrats refuse to change asylum laws because illegals are there future voter base    vote dems out in 2020    dems ar .
 realdonaldtrump it always amazes me when i tell people that the wall on the border is being built  they look dumbf .
 gg26262861  charlesramos63 trump won a federal court case stating he has the authority to make all asylum seekers .
 fauvertwin1 is he getting the levees confused with the border wall again   like i thought we went though this   un .
must be nice to have 10 s of billions      in the pentigon and military and dod       a slush fund to pull out to use to      b .
 repmattgaetz the berlin wall was only 91 miles long  amp  had 30 000 guards with minefields  machine gun nests  guard .
 hightopdavid  pady ofurniture  karin krause1  aesonique  skepticnikki a more secure border will not solve any of .
 repmattgaetz  repdustyjohnson  reppetestauber dont know what yall gave up for lent but whatever is was it .
we dont need a wall at the border we need a wall to keep floridians right where they at.
watch beyond the wall  progressive border policy live   .
 mapleredc what corruption  that 1  creates jobs for everyone else  we need a wall at the border to stop illegal aliens from crossing over .
 repmattgaetz lol but seriously  you re pathetic  matt .
 aoc the country is concerned about the crisis on our southern border  the lt  governor of texas dan patrick has of .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump i am not seeing the flood of immigrants leading to .
 repandybiggsaz  repmattgaetz were these videos taken from a fake location       .
maybe i shouldnt be  but im sort of fine with telling the people silly enough to believe anything matt gaetz says .
trump moved people out of they homes who lived near the border  and wildlife and government territory to build a ha .
 erictrump do you realize that california has more border wall than any southwestern state .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov wow  you admit theres a crisis at the border    now give us the wall    .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump more false and fake news from the krassenstein brothers  there are several new borde .
 danscavino do you realize that california has more border wall than any southwestern state .
a bunch of gop congrsssmen went to arizona to claim they were watching the wall being built       they were actually .
haha   not even at the wall   standing in front of prototypes set up 100 miles from the border as a demo for republ .
 pathans01456775  realdonaldtrump i live on the border 6 months out of the yr where hes visited to prop up his imm .
to be fair  it could well be that theyre just fcking stupid and really believed they were at the border and watchi .
 jeepsuzih2  sidneypowell1  ilmforg we are sick of this bs  we dont believe you any more  close the damn border  amp  .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex do you realize that california has more border wall than any southwestern state .
i would volunteer to go down to the border and work for free to help build the wall.
you know come down the immigration problem well the thing is the democrats and put out money years ago for the bord .
 senschumer  senatemajldr get off your butt and work with pres  trump and the repubs to fix the illegal alien invas .
 fairimmigration you can hire 1 000 border patrol agents at  48 000 per year  equip them all a humvee each  trainin .
 patgarofalo maybe we should build a wall on our southern border to prevent those wayward iowegians from bringing t .
 repdustyjohnson nice try  dusty  you re not at the border  liar  and that isn t trump s wall .
 realdonaldtrump  flotus so  hows that border wall slats or whatever it is that is beautiful going  are there pray .
i guess arizona realizes the border wall is necessary to the security of the people in its state  .
 thomas maynes  dbongino  realdonaldtrump i cross border often  i know its getting worse   i support parts of wall .
 realdonaldtrump congress has not allotted ang money for a border wall  without funds you can not even turn out a s .
rep matt gaetz falsely claimed he was at a section of  newly built wall in arizona at sothern border today along wi .
congressmen shared pics saying they were at trump s wall on the border    they weren t   .
voters who favor border wall cannot identify border on map .
what is the majority vote right now  the wall for the border of mexico  what easier way to increase that group of s .
 martinheinrich the border crisis is real and the elected democrats are doing  nothing on its impacts  border wall now .
 ambjohnbolton so youre going to pilfer it from them instead  you better use the money you steal from venezuela to .
 joshuacarlton20  realdonaldtrump you are blinded by what trump and fox have told you  the mayor of el paso  tx wen .
 cityofyuma we need to shut border down and build the wall       no more illegals     no more bs asylum seekers       they ne .
 mmachado22  rep hunter  realdonaldtrump is a physical barrier a river  ive been curious how the border is secured .
 in 24 hours since the  notredame was destroyed more than a billion dollars have been raised to rebuild it         it t .
 curtisut i deeply appreciated you expressing remorse and empathy towards undocumented immigrants at the border tod .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
 realdonaldtrump where is our new border wall in arizona  the rats are getting in  stop this crap .
after caravan r u shes the border trump gives the military a new order   librarycongress  .
 realdonaldtrump the wall is not being built  there is no crisis at the border  the only national emergency is your horrible ass .
 jamesquinterotx  antonioarellano  realdonaldtrump i want the wall  amp  so do  americafirstlatinos president trump s r .
you would think people that say        why build a border wall  people are still going to find ways to get in       would u .
what a bunch of shameless liars  saying theyre at the border when theyre 100 miles away  gop congressmen pretend .
 myraholland10  norikoedgar1  cityofyuma  whitehouse all across the mexican border constructing a wall  a concept i .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews to the chickens using  barrcoverup  amp   boycottbarr hashtag    please join .
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
 chilimariee  c0lettea  cici aketzalli is there a huge market for fentanyl  a lot of them are coming across the sou .
 antonioarellano  realdonaldtrump polling shows otherwise   txlege  .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia     housedemocrats .
 kaitmarieox while i agree with this statement you do realize that a border wall violates property rights .
each of those criminals will cost the taxpayer  75k during their lifetime average  their earnings often go to help .
fisher concrete border wall presentation 12 08 17  via  youtube  ndpol.
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews they built the wall not at our southern border but around our first black president .
 frankvaccaro2  srochelle13  joeresistsinmw  jax persists  jackposobiec what the hell are you talking about  look s .
how is that wall coming along   how about the military patrols on border   any good news   .
texans dont want  realdonaldtrumps stupid wall  and they damn sure arent gonna take state money from their child .
 ilhanmn well if you would pass border controls and build the wall we could spend money on childhood poverty we can t do it all.
 michellnavbras  nbcnews  nbcleftfield meth isn t pouring across the border like most think  its coming through the .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia   this invasion is crim .
 dscc no democrats inaction on border security purity and trying to block what the real majority want  build the wall.
ironic isn t it   a nation of immigrants attacked     maybe a border wall would have stopped the british  .
valley people really be making less than 40k per year  have a gpa average of 2 0  live with their parents in their .
 endicock she s a cunt for sure but building a wall to protect our border isn t racist lol.
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  via  breitbartnews.
 outlawedmind  riceman79  alllibertynews  margaret52263  schroederjen78  juliuscaesarrex  paulg16808960  kman820 .
 seanhannity  realdonaldtrump no consequences will ever befall obama and hillary and the rest of this deep state co .
 realdonaldtrump oh  all you can say build a wall  close the border  break the law  i will pardon you    go to jai .
we must stop donalds fake emergency to build his unnecessary border wall        lets be clear  there is no national e .
 reppetestauber stop lying to the american people        .
rumours of pentagon awards nearly  1 billion to build trump s border wall.
 elokiddies  00evidence  krassenstein  georgepapa19 spare me the propaganda line  there is no crisis at the border .
scene city  brooke shields  gus kenworthy and donald trump jr  on the galacircuit .
 dtrump4prez  jasmina glznews that was the day i posted the update video from the border regarding the border wall construction .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
 borderinvasion  buildthewall  noamnesty  deportillegals arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall .
 clubberlangdon  senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov wtf did you win  she voted against border security and is now as .
 tamarasamharcus besides trump who else profits from the trump wall  companies like slsco  barndard contruction and .
 31 border sheriff s assert  thewall is a sound bite  not a cogent public policy position   call for increased offi .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 realdonaldtrump and taken away   mexico is getting sections of the wall  and we are paying for it  .
 dbongino no  bernie just doesnt want his tax dollars going towards donald trumps border wall  and all his other .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov you voted against emergency declaration and border wall  live with it .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump congress cant see over its own ivory wall to know .
 earthtenant  leastimnotfugly  thomaskaine5 i remember vividly bs not supporting hrc after losing primary  his educ .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana thismorning  .
 2percentmalk kerwin said that building a wall around mexico s border is unwelcoming  not racist  he also liked an .
 realdonaldtrump .
 rtmannjr i always laugh when i see conservative politicians list  building the wall  as an important priority for .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews to the chickens using the  boycottbarr hashtag    please come to .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz a crisis 100 miles from the us mexican border  how would a wall there help  sounds more like a local problem .
you cannot accept the truth your deceitful lies will all be exposed do your jobs  amp  fully fund the much needed wall .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
matt saying the rust covered slats he standing next to are part of trump s new wall    what a stupid fucking drunk  .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
three republican congressmen painted a fake news picture that they were at the border witnessing trump s wall const .
 brendonurie  panicatthedisco  so i watched the v amp v  get me out of my mind  and as a writer w bipolar and anxiety t .
rt realdonaldtrump  democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the .
 tacitus333  1cybernaut  carrudodon  noelturner194  gladfly1  voluntaryonly  humblesatboy  stevenjbernard .
 boyd 2650  llbmaga  can2geterdone  potus i agree we need to build that wall and militarize our southern border period.
 gt  gt  experts say the wall would also be a  game over  scenario for recovering jaguar and ocelot populations in arizon .
realdonaldtrump is there anything you won t lie about  nevermind     we know the answer to that       but  by all means .
 realdonaldtrump why did you capitalize vacations  immigration laws  border  border patrol  and wall .
 k1erry so glad they got these 2  now a few more to round up  now close the jail cell and toss the key to a member .
did you overhear that  310 million in california military construction may be safe from border wall cuts.
 zuzucase  rulefollower  mark kawada  jordanfabian  realdonaldtrump i choose to believe them  too    .
 g edwards22 suburbias problem is being attached by drug guys bringing drugs thru our open border  ur soluti .
 realdonaldtrump is there anything you won t lie about  nevermind     we know the answer to that       but  by all mean .
 c0lettea so sorry about your daughters tragic death  but honestly no wall is going to stop people from willingly d .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border   this is ridiculous  repmattgaetz   liar  .
most important issue for trump voters    illegal immigration border wall immigration  41    the economy jobs  11    terrorism  6 .
    2 2  but the highlight of the day  and the trip so far   was the  santaelenacanyon  close to 100 in there toda .
 para doc  aol watch it  trump expects his name on everything he has even a minute hand in   that includes repairs .
to the chickens using the  boycottbarr hashtag    please come to   amp  explain  amp  debate why you f .
 aoc you have no brains  women and children are being kidnapped and taken across the mexican border  but thats ok .
oh now phony molester cory booker acknowledges problem at border  says  nations should have borders  .
 geminisq0714  brazenlyliberal  syskatine1  jim jordan .
 geminisq0714  brazenlyliberal  syskatine1  jim jordan date s   number in attendance    most  is subjective   i ve .
 brat2381 oops       fox news  laura ingraham calls out trump s big border wall lie   there s no wall   .
 cristy121868  midwincharles  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump are you still whining about the border   build a wall .
dont forget a portion of trumps border wall  .
 maga  kag  americafirst       watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
 realdonaldtrump so far  those barriers are mostly replacements existing fencing that was already in place  not ne .
appeals court rules donald trump can build border wall .
 nrcc if you dont believe in border walls  you dont believe the professional  cbp officers who  request the build .
if trump seen that mueller raided cohen it would be wise to say burn down the secret building with the secret russi .
 repmattgaetz build the wall  stop the border crisis.
im truly sorry for your loss  however  blaming an entire country for ur kids poor choice is not right  building a .
that s two dem senators in one day finally admitting there is a crisis at the border  maybe now we can get somethin .
illegal immigration       democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or th .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  emmanuelmacron macron has turned his back on his own people and they are fighting mad  so .
 repmattgaetz uh  it appears that there is no wall da   they expect to be caught and turn themselves in to ask for .
 maga   gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not at the border  not trumpswall  .
house democrats do plan to act on immigration  but not on the border wall   rather  they re working to pass a revam .
no  dont let it be true that the gop lies     gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
arizona company claims new tech can help build 1 mile of border wall per day.
 jingoisticpulse  nevertooslow  thedaemonspawn  scottpresler .
 realdonaldtrump 1 why   all of washington on vacation    2 new wall is not a new wall  rather a repair replacement o .
pelosi passes bill to fund worldwide abortions  still won t pass  1 to help build border wall   sarah palin .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 nibusiness  speakerpelosi no  shes saying that if brexit means that the border wall goes back up between n  irela .
nancy pelosi needs to boot matt gaetz out of congress  gaetz already in trouble for threatening a congressional wit .
 c0lettea drugs are generally taken in shipping containers on boats  or transport trucks across the legal border  a .
 repmattgaetz mr president you should close the border until you build the wall  we have to  stop invasion .
president obamas border patrol chief just described the crisis at our border to be one of historic proportions  th .
when yall are busy talking about the border wall  this is what yall should be talking about .
 repmattgaetz build the wall now      the coyotes know where theres easy access plug one hole the go to another can .
 jaketapper so all these people are illegal immigrant doctors nurses and pharmacist gang members that crossed the s .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov ok  how bout also voting to allocate funds for a border wall .
 realdonaldtrump fentanyl deaths in wv have increased 122  yet there are no inpatient rehab facilities available be .
democrats characterize the whole episode  from passage of the resolution to wednesdays republican statements  as a .
 mainstrmdeprted  youcomprehend  wavetools1  seanhannity  aoc    but thats just at the border  what about those al .
 repmattgaetz the border patrol officers did their job  give them credit  you won t see a wall make one single apprehension  ever .
 berniesanders democrats are scared of your campaign because you agree with trump on the border wall and on trade  .
 cbp  hopereborn2017 yes we need to build the damn wall or shut the border just saying.
 uberdick  wvufanagent99 i know a guy an illegal  who goes home on holidays  drives thru laredo check point to mexi .
  prejudice is the child of ignorance     william hazlitt the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bor .
 thedailybeast time to put a wall on the northern border and make trump pay for it  trumpism might be  contagious    cdnpoli.
 ganulvian  riceman79  alllibertynews  margaret52263  schroederjen78  juliuscaesarrex  paulg16808960  kman820 .
 fairimmigration  kvoa we need a wall now help our border patrol out  .
 logant2u  sekusa1  jamierodr14 maybe the border wall location should be adjusted.
 realdonaldtrump we all know nothing is happening  the wall is not been billed  can you go one day without telling .
 ehmari2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  pontifex or this wall on our southern border    .
if we have 40 million poor americans then why are we importing poor salvadorians  hondurans  and other illegal immi .
 leecamp  angelfox71 if we have 40 million poor americans then why are we importing poor salvadorians  hondurans  a .
goetz has got to go    gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 aoc  what democrats dont want you to know about the border  build the wall  americansfirst.
i think donald trump should just cut out a section of the ice wall that surrounds earth and put it on the american border    problem solved .
kevin mcaleenan  who is now the department of homeland securitys acting secretary said border officers took more t .
these white people are yelling about this damn wall like pablo escobar wasnt flying drugs over the border in the 80s .
shouldn t you be headed to mexico to secure more funding and recovering the border wall money fronted by the u s   .
so if there s a border wall in place in that area those 300 people a day will just turn around and go back  they wo .
 repdustyjohnson is on a path to be an even bigger joke than no show noem   are all republicans pathological liars  .
 gbarnes911  noel7364  metrikk  bretstephensnyt hes ok with the border wall  so theres that .
 wsj  jasonrileywsj then there is no sense in the democrats and the wall street journal complaining about illegal i .
 hogangidley45  whitehouse why is your state not building its own border wall .
 berniesanders past years of green deals  save earth  etc brought us to this same  circle  snake eat tail  is it cl .
 republicans lie      again       and again    and again    .
lying matt gaetz  100 miles from the border  when will republicans get tired of this hypocrisy    .
 nowplaying   tear down that wall  johnny juice aztlan border patrol mix   by chuck d   don t rhyme for the sake of .
libs and fake news dont want you to see this       residents in border town says wall effective  via  youtube.
anyone surprised  .
 realdonaldtrump  cher what about the year s under trump they could have job s    california started their second bor .
 4randall1  heyitscarolyn no it does not belong to us what he does in wrong in our bible manwas made for women and .
donald trumps bizarro world  will canada expect the us to pay for a wall on their southern border with the us  mig .
u s  customs and border protection installs el paso border wall   buildthewall.
a border wall won t make anyone safer  43  come from canada  42  come in on planes  etc   amp  only 15  via mexico  tru .
 you know  we have laws  catch and release  you catch them  you take their name and different things  and you relea .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov huh  ice needs to own  how about congress  if u guys were smart  u would have a .
 zuzucase  rulefollower  mark kawada  jordanfabian  realdonaldtrump the majority of drugs entering the country from .
 vitruvianmonkey nope the line has been crossed this is an illegal border crossing  now i know why the idiot trumpe .
 robhenneke  sentedcruz  tppf  tedcruz please take the border issue out of corrupt politicians and governors hands  .
 kamalaharris they are not immigrants  they broke the law  you offend real immigrants who wait in line  undergo phy .
theres no way mexico will cut off the export of avocados to the u s after the border wall is built but  even if th .
 repmattgaetz thank you to all the brave souls working hard at our southern border  praying for your jobs to get sa .
 shannonbream  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn  foxnews  foxnewsnight please take the border issue out of corrupt politici .
republican congressmen visited an arizona site over 100 miles from the u s  mexico border  lied to their constituen .
 tomfitton  dronog build the wall now     until its up close the border.
 tgowdysc please take the border issue out of corrupt politicians and governors hands  permanently deploy our troop .
these guys are working hard to keep you safe  support these brothers and sister on the border and build the wall  .
 sebgorka please take the border issue out of corrupt politicians and governors hands  permanently deploy our troop .
anyone who s against a border wall and safety of americans is the enemy     buildthewall  noillegalimmigrants.
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump please take the border issue out of corrupt politicians and governors hands  permanent .
 senkamalaharris kamala and  realdonaldtrump the border wall is hardly a vanity project  unless you think protectin .
 jerrymoran  agripulse  senjoniernst  chuckgrassley  sengillibrand don t be fooled by moran hes a never trump rino  .
 repdustyjohnson do you think lying about being at the  border  affects your credibilty in anyway  more importantly .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov so why weren t you  or any other democrats  at the border wall exhibition yesterday .
news flash democrats   the economy is humming along  the border wall is going up  radical islamist terrorism is on .
 hogangidley45 i suggest instead of a wall build a prison in its place  picture a 3 story prison along the united s .
thank god  kamalaharris  senkamalaharris  kamalaharris will never be president  we have a border emergency and she .
morals are great  but moralizing as a tool to manipulate masses into inaction and inattention towards an economic b .
dusty  since the media is covering this clip  do you think it s important or honest to say that you re 100 miles aw .
 buildthewall    across the whole damn border  the great wall of america  .
 reppetestauber read this article to see how mn rep is lying to mn  .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
 jude scout  rulefollower  mark kawada  jordanfabian  realdonaldtrump a wall would fix one of the problems  not arg .
 lexa merica  echao80  michelle crn  mommagailstan  savingoldglory  kalvan45  johneightthree2  justjim00711 .
what   mattgaetz is a lying clown     getouttahere        gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at t .
 realdonaldtrump narrator   but no sections of wall were being built  and the crisis at the border was created by .
 reece fallen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump .
 realdonaldtrump  nikkihaley vacations doesnt need to be capitalized  nor immigration laws  nor border  nor wall  .
300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  via  mailonline .
so    now theres a crisis after you voted no for a border wall   buildthewall  maga .
 travisakers  aliasvaughn is trump pocketing the money congress earmarked for border security  not trumps wall .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart .
if we built the wall  not as many people would cross the border  which means less people locked up  amp  less profit fo .
check out this cartoon  via  theweek.
gang of 20  dems  don t you dare give trump that money for  dhs  ice  bordercrisis .
what border crisis  what national emergency  when will congress come to the table and work with   potus   .
 hogangidley45 i think all congress should take a road trip to the so called fabricated border then go back to dc a .
 troybuquerque  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump here is your proof of new border wall construction  so you were wrong .
i dont see the benefit of electing democrats      nothing personal but they are hypocrites    a few years ago they .
 realauntievodka believe it        they are pushing conspiracy theories and saying anything they can to raise money for .
 blk caviar sux no  but a border wall could help   cbsla  realdonaldtrump.
 reppetestauber and as you probably know  most of it comes through ports of entry which means spending billions on .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump team mitch has been part of the swamp with former  speakerryan but if you want to get .
 kamalaharris oooohh    so close  let me fix it for you       strain on our nations infrastructure   we need to co .
 mattgaetz bragged of being at the border wall trump is building  while standing by a sample 100 miles from the border.
 aoc if you dont like caging kids at the usa border  build a wall and people will stop bringing kids  because they .
 repmattgaetz is such a joke  his only goal is to kiss up to trump and will lie to the people he represents in an a .
 melaniegoldd  araslanian   anaa barbu  amp  youre completely right about that its mostly her fault bad parenting for .
 azcentral that s bc he needs to call trump first    manufactured border wall that misuses our tax     placing kids  .
johnson is not only getting an up close look at how the border wall could be built  he s also been talking with bor .
 repbrianbabin instead of building a wall  maybe we could look into how to help the countries that these individual .
 kiwoon3  lazyzimms no wall no border no country martial law  end of the american dream    .
   this is scary   stop playing politics  speakerpelosi  potus  realdonaldtrump is trying to p .
 kamalaharris that just shows there is a crisis at the border  so many detained illegals that we don t have the res .
despite the subtitle of this weeks column  i am not writing about national security politics that are playing out .
.
bitches will think that the republicans save more money on average than the democrats and then let republicans give .
 senjeffmerkley is trump forcing people to come here with   their kids   illegally  why did you vote against border .
 doingright1 opinion  close the border until the caravan is disbursed  since both sides agree on the crisis the sho .
 realdonaldtrump no sections of wall are being built  there is no crisis at the border  you shut down the governmen .
 doingright1 the dems will focus on mueller report and views of obstruction will dominate  not look to solve the bo .
 realdonaldtrump youve said the damned wall would fix everything immigration related at our southern border   now .
 mcvme1  carlacoonauthor  dailymail actually  obama dropped the number    trump raised it to new record heights  an .
a death  a life  and a border wall  via  motherjones.
 khaliqrodriquez  constitution 76  realdonaldtrump im hispanic and he is doing the same for us   im so thankful a .
 assadist3  jnj kahl  notme72079601  carteraljahani  iworks survey  andronom  vogonpoetryclub  foanimated .
 philswiftontv trump should use this to patch up the holes in the border wall .
 bro pair  hannahtraining enjoying dying of exposure on the southern border after president tom cotton declares the .
she s backing sein fein ira now too because apparently she doesn t want a hard border like the berlin wall was duri .
 davepiepkornfan  povnow  senkevincramer as im sure you know dave  the imperial corps rules all water projects in .
please god just make these fucktards stop     gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
guess we didnt need that border wall after all huh .
president trump visits the new border wall  via  youtube.
 senjanenelson  tedcruz  sentedcruz  johncornyn it s not a  humanitarian crisis at the border    it s illegals inva .
whats happening  hell with it  slam the border shut  declare marshall law  pick up every stinking last one of these .
sen  hawley on the wall  we have a terrible crisis at the border  its much worse than i thought  he says hes he .
 repmattgaetz  dustyjohnson  reppetestauber       what a bunch of lying pieces of  .
 truefactsstated  thetrumpbib this people have no shame  but the idiots that called themselves  the supreme race  w .
the memberswere visiting a demonstrationof wall building technology and prototypes  in coolidge  100 miles from t .
 patrici98425989  repmattgaetz lol  so  wall will be 30 000  ft  tall  to keep planes out  most people fly into u s .
 therrienv  mrnashvilletalk  cher israel s wall is 100 miles long as well  much easier to monitor  you do realize o .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov now its clear that democrats have no plans to secure the border and dont even want illegal .
 juliaeainsley  frankthorp peaches  actually  peaches the border wall.
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the border .
 mschlapp  travisakers rep  matt gaetz  dusty johnson   amp  pete stauber posted images  amp  video claiming to be at the u .
many racist bigoted trump supporters can t exactly explain any border immigration policies that are actually doing .
 viejojudio  gopchairwoman  trumps feed i agree with everything except the wall  just dont think its going to wor .
the lying douchebag and dui recipient  repmattgaetz embarrasses himself yet again  gop congressmen pretend they wat .
  .
 stclairashley and for a f   ing border wall  tax breaks for the wealthy and big corporations  trying to bring back dying industries .
just goes to show that all the world needs is a true leader  and previously impossible tasks starts getting solved  .
 realdonaldtrump i dont think the dems will help  as per usual  youre going to have to figure this out on your ow .
 mrnashvilletalk  cher larry your level of misinformation is pretty staggering but honestly you repeat verbatim the .
no videos of any new wall on the border on youtube .
 realdonaldtrump keep it up mr  president  2020 will be a land slide  keep delivering and helping those in need  no .
 realdonaldtrump if you didn t return from his vacations and bragging about playing golf with pros  why should anyo .
voters who favor border wall cannot identify border on map .
damn             gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
since i am building the first section of the wall on the border at the butterfly center i wanted to include elefank .
 fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti mexico needs to get tough and rebuild the wall at their southern border  .
 mysa migrants are up against nicaraguas containment wall .
 senatorhassan not voting in support of a border wall is not fighting for them at all  amazing you can tweet this w .
 washingtonpost  nickmiroff hes going to get us attacked as were wide open despite his ridiculous expensive wall  .
 emiliahornsey  scorpionsting70  rjohn0709  thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc there s still gonna be border patrol  no .
 loudobbs why would you not ask the obvious question to  mattgaetz   why is razor wire not being deployed everywher .
the situation on the southern border is getting out of control  it is a national emergency  we need the wall and as .
 realdonaldtrump this video was published on apr 11  2018  one year ago  since then more miles of wall has been bui .
 repmattgaetz where are you really   it s not the border  are you in coolidge  lol  you are at least a 100 miles aw .
 ckkirsch1 as long as president trump says anything is a problem  the libs will deny it  they considered the border .
 whitehouse i argue that  mexico border and wall  is necessary    however  i am  in doubt  about making a wall to pro .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  via  breitbartnews.
 kathleengueva15  asmmelendez  realdonaldtrump you stated a desire for a border wall on the southern border but no .
i m completely convinced that the border wall is meant to keep us in the united states   .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border     gaetz is a liar .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov so both parties have refused to face the issue and do anything about immigration  the presid .
 melaniegoldd  araslanian   anaa barbu also according to multiple studies 50 60  of the women coming illegally get .
 realdonaldtrump instead of building a wall on the border build this on the border .
more from  mattgaetz s border visit   .
 aoc  bettymccollum04 easy to see where he got the idea  down to the barbed wire on the top      the pic is not on .
meanwhile this moron is still out there   yes  let s build that wall on the us somali border  .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov why dont u start by comin out  amp  sayin there is a border emergency  amp  we need wall barrier  po .
it makes america great again  there doesnt seem to want border security without the wall .
a better use for the  border wall   dollars .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana this morning  krtv great falls n .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
i think that daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana this morning.
 imraansiddiqi funny how a lot of these anti immigrant republicans calling to wall off the southern border come fro .
.
 realdonaldtrump close the border  cut all funds to sanctuary cities  and deport all illegals  build the wall and d .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana this morning .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews      vra.
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
the administration is asking congress to continue funding its cruel immigration policies and the presidents vanity .
 dovbar2  ambjohnbolton destroying venezuela s economy is going to add another flood of refugees to the open border .
we have enough problems here  close the border  build the wall  .
 deaphoenixdiv  repandybiggsaz  rep hunter  repmattgaetz  repseanduffy  repdustyjohnson  petestauber  repjohnjoyce .
there cannot be border security without a wall   i call upon you to demand that it be built  .
 realdonaldtrump no wall  ever   it is only a rallying cry  not immigration reform   in the meantime  you can get h .
.
yes  please build a fucking wall along the southern louisiana border  thats important        jfc  .
troy hayden  a reporter for the local fox affiliate who covered the event  noted that it took place in coolidge  a .
video  president trump sits down for an exclusive interview about wikileaks  the media  the economy and other topic .
 tired terry  gr8awakening18 tell us what you know about the el  chapo trial and how it plays into the border wall.
here s that  shareblue piece i was citing  .
i think we should build a really short wall along the border that just keeps chihuahuas out.
were you there  really   .
 presidenttrump  kudos to the border patrol  however  because they are overwhelmed with the influx of illegals  put .
 realdonaldtrump 9 mt tall wall along half the southern border   5 billion      18 mt rope ladder   25      climbing into t .
 georgetakei  realdonaldtrump has plans to burn down the existing border wall with mexico to see if european millio .
 kc593  harjo111 i am glad america is a rich country   what s the cost of dumping all at the border at once  not before  building the wall .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
 misswoke  chechitoelche  walshfreedom it is  kamala today just said defund ice  beto said tear down the wall  dems .
 reneecarrollaz next door in nm is the same problem   senatortomudall  martinheinrich  govmlg keeping telling the l .
birds in flight    who doesn t wonder at the marvels of flight  this artwork looks great as a wall hanging  with its .
 senatorburr  senthomtillis  reprichhudson  vp and you wonder why we dont trust  gop    .
the title of this article is enough to get us fired up  .
 mattgaetz  petestauber  djohnsonpga      you lie to your constituents  you spew propaganda  how unamerican       and .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov i have an idea  maybe build a barrier of some kind along the border  maybe   lets see   a wall  .
join  ericbolling in  america this week  in his exclusive interview with  realdonaldtrump  bolling will discuss imm .
the full interview is streaming on our website now   .
 donnadesopo  cher  lwhaynes exactly     close the border and build the wall .
build the wall 20 back from our border  catch here and release them on the south side of the wall  that way they d .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border    repmattgaetz you ar .
 c0lettea maybe it s the wrong wall  or maybe everyone is involved in it  china  canada  mexico  us  etc and the wa .
 aoc uh huh   ok   hezbollah sends missiles which kills israeli kids   both sides are dying   so you don t care abo .
 joncoopertweets the saddest part of this outrageous lie is that trump s administration has so far spent just 6  of .
you were not at the border    you were in coolidge  arizona    100 miles from the border      you lied to your cons .
also  a wall will not stop the cartel from bringing drugs into america  as tunnels  planes  ships  etc  exist  the .
they all just lie and you all still vote for them smh .
 repmattgaetz  loudobbs  repandybiggsaz a group of republican congressmen visited an arizona site over 100 miles fr .
stupid motherfucking bastards  .
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump jesus christ this is the thousandth time i ve seen this reply from you  literally .
 iwantfreecos  harmlessyarddog but it s ok not to have a wall  or border security of any kind .
 gavinnewsom lets fix ca first not other countries   build more wall  close the border  make everify mandatory no .
 thehill it s miller time  hook him up to an electric chair and a lie detector  when he lies pull the switch   just .
a group of republican congressmen visited an arizona site over 100 miles from the u s  mexico border and lied to th .
starks must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  despite the great job being .
 the border debate is a crucial one to have  but it s important that we not neglect the issue of our national cyber .
 .
 repmattgaetz  loudobbs  repandybiggsaz this is just bad theatre   why are you internationally misleading people  .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   breitbart  via  breitbartnews.
breaking news  mexico have decided to build a border wall        makemexicogreatagain  buildthewall  mmga.
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  breitbart .
boy i tell ya leave it up to my mexican peeps to invent shit lmao wall what wall .
 rogeranderson8  repdustyjohnson trump has stated numerous times that hes trying to build portions of the wall wit .
 iluka2  speakerpelosi  jeremycorbyn trump is doing what he s supposed to be doing is trying to protect the country .
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype   news  feedly.
watch  rep  matt gaetz shows off a border wall prototype  .
 we interviewed thousands of people  and i think we met three people who were pro wall   ross says   and we were ac .
i wonder how kristofer kolombus would have felt if the native americans threatened to build a border wall for natio .
 rep hunter  realdonaldtrump you do realize that we dont have a border wall between us and canada  right  most cou .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov if by securing the border with a comprehensive  smart  bipartisan approach  you .
 mrfreakinlarry  fvkehistory most drugs also comes up through the border via vehicle through the legal crossings  t .
this stain  mattgaetz  idiot  .
mexicos gearing up to pay for another wall      .
i wonder   is there any part of this southern border crisis bought  amp  paid for in order to get support for the wall .
 itsaboutchoice  reneecarrollaz  katthehammer1  waynedupreeshow  realdonaldtrump  gop of course there are rinos  at .
arizona has filed a state of emergency with the influx of illegal immigrants and yet the dems see no need for the w .
cory booker acknowledges problem at border  says  nations should have borders     .
 lindseygrahamsc  ivankatrump close the border until we fix the immigration system  and all the wall built.
why on earth would building a wall with a border la doesn t have be more important than restoring our coastline  a .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
pentagon awards near  1 billion in border wall contracts  via  realmattcouch.
 kamalaharris it s almost like you should ve given the money the president requested for a border wall and more bed .
 betoorourke what value do u put on yourself that you give to the american ppl  hmm  charity is a gift from th hear .
 gabibeann  texaspete224 its about building a wall between two countries  building a wall around the entire countr .
 debbiesaylor06 agree they dont need wall just more resources and up to date technology to protect our borders may .
 murpharoo  guardianaus  richarddinatale 700 car convoy from tasmania to qld to protest  adani mine  the co2 emissi .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz  edrollins  mrst106  gordongchang  thedcvince why doesnt trump close the d .
 realdonaldtrump the wall is a waste of money and time  migrants are seeking asylum at the border which is totally .
.
 realdonaldtrump republicans in congress don t change the immigration laws or the border  despite return from their .
 senatorsinema  oliviavivianne  dhsgov thank you for acknowledging the crisis on the border  but  why should more o .
 realmattcouch now close the border until the wall is finished  close the border .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall   crooks and liars .
 repmattgaetz  loudobbs  repandybiggsaz floridians must get rid of you once and for all  .
 mrsbarrelchase2  charliekirk11 .
wall hater speechless  leftists cant explain their arguments because they usually dont have one   they repeat ms .
ppl use this excuse to build a wall as if mexico is the only reason there s sex trafficking   drugs in america      .
pentagon awards near  1 billion in border wall contracts  via  realmattcouch.
 questionall9 no trumper will have a twitter handle mitch is a coward   mitch and the gop did not help trump with .
.
 tedcruz how about they donate to our southern border wall instead .
how about they donate to our southern border wall instead  .
 repmattgaetz  repdustyjohnson  reppetestauber    chrisbergpovnow    seems  boys  you lied to everyone  nowhere near th .
 bucksexton  joeconchatv guess the irs won t write off those off the books donations to illegal gangs and tearing down the border wall.
 without border security and immigration reform  more americans will continue to be    .
 realdonaldtrump they don t care about border security  just build the wall and do everything without their help  t .
 cbsnews jan 2017 to jan 2019   the republican party held the wh  amp  both houses of congress   before we go any further .
 sharonh10585  tsellers41  senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov they refuse to build the border wall      case closed.
cardi b just made fun of the keebler elves because they could potentially begin profiting off of the border wall  says washington post.
 repmattgaetz  loudobbs  repandybiggsaz is that the prototype of the wall you posed with that was 100 miles away fr .
gaetz s eagerness to help trump in whatever way he can seems to know no  bounds  so pretending he was at the southe .
 johnsonbaglady  donaldjtrumpjr this is typical of the liberal left  remember when they were demanding comey was fi .
 brad  73 that is a hell of a carbon footprint  700 cars from tasmania to north queensland  will qld  labor stop th .
 realdonaldtrump build the border wall.
a project to photograph all 2 000 miles of the us mexico border produces stunning photos and this finding  nobody w .
 politico gop should stop trying to build the  socialistborderwall  if you want a wall  build a .
overwhelmed by illegal aliens  us border city declares state of emergency they can t handle the number of illegals  .
 donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete and you tout the  berlin war  falling being great  assuming you meant wall  yes it was g .
i hope one day the wall falls the way it fell in berlin and that everyone on the border would be there to see it ha .
 chuckschumer  you re a fraud and hypocrite also  you send billions a year to support israel  and the wall they bui .
 repmattgaetz  loudobbs  repandybiggsaz will you  actually  be at the border  or just going to lie and say you are .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall    be done with it already  if an official fundraiser was put together for the amer .
while  potus tries to block asylum seekers from coming to the u s   he proposes sending ones that do to .
join us tonight at 7 30 p m  for  beyond the wall  progressive border policy  with  univision s  leonkrauze  .
 aoc then build the wall  end chain migration  end anchor babies  do your f  king job  stop this invasion that s ha .
fact checking matters     .
they act like putting a wall is gonna stop the cartels from sending drugs over the border  theyll find a way regar .
 aoc build the wall   stop the irresponsible illegal invading parents from dragging their abused children across the border   .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
 repmattgaetz yes there are walls being built but not at the border you lying fraud  you are at a company that buil .
can you tell which side is mexico and which is the u s   the border wall is so freaking depressing  .
 billcassidy do not build a wall  we aren t even a border state    do not cut taxes  raise them on the rich    do n .
indigenous activists set up protest camp at south texas cemetery to stop trumps border wall environmentalists  vet .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money   dbongino  repdancrenshaw .
 ramzyrodriguez   kaitmarieox  ilhanmn because the wall trump and his supporters keep bitching about is supposedly .
 dzanzal its why we need a wall and better border policy and procedures   the president is trying to accomplish th .
 mattbors  guy from that meme    breaking the fourth wall and the border wall one step at a time .
 realdonaldtrump can we create a border wall around you  one thatd be impossible for you to breach  for the security of our nation .
 joeynocollusion why do you keep conflating immigration and your racial hate with a tragedy that affected people re .
pentagon awards nearly  1 billion to build trump s border wall.
 czarcasm23  isiah4congress  aoc you are the one equating them champ   they aren t the same thing       if you are conc .
 jaketapper you mean  americans   not ms13 and the mexicans throwing drugs over the border wall .
 raiderbgirl they already get away with it  and its pathetic at best        many of the most outspoken now against the .
 play flag  refrigman1  billkristol  45 so you guys want a guy that is ok with a border wall and wants to reinstate .
 shinydh  wullie44  skynewsbreak is now a good time to propose a celtic union between ireland and scotland with no .
 repseanduffy 95  of this comes through the border where we have checkpoints     you have to do more at the checkpo .
60 people charged in illegal prescription opioid crackdown         oh that pesky border wall.
 realdonaldtrump the 911 terrorists came in through the canadian border  and we still havent fixed it  first get t .
 gzeromedia  ianbremmer mexico is paying for the wall  but not the one on the us border .
build  the  wall       migrants caught at border say they were encouraged to flee to u s  by local newspapers   you .
 cs00582sc i think we should build the wall and put the democrats on the mexico side then the border patrol wouldn  .
 kylekuzma then i guess its safe to assume youre all for building the border wall   .
federal wildlife refuge areas are cleared for border wall .
 realdonaldtrump democrats posted these signs along the open border in 2010 the illegal aliens can just walk or dri .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money   potus  realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr.
 cher  lwhaynes well that could probably happen if we had a border wall  then our services wouldnt be overwhelmed .
 repmattgaetz hahahaha busted  you re a liar  or drunk  probably both       .
daines talks mmip crisis  southern border wall  and trooper palmer on montana this morning  kxlh helena news .
 ilhanmn is a wall on the southern border evidence of hate for catholics  since the vast majority of mexicans and s .
 charliekirk11  donaldjtrumpjr  aoc and yet they  don t know how we are able to pay for a border wall .
 grimestravis  phillygator1 cant build a wall around them tho  secure border by taking the money for the imagina .
the border has been in crisis mode for years on your watch  you are more accountable then trump ever was  this is y .
this piece by  bova gus of  texasobserver shows how  cbp pays lip service to the environment    and nothing else  .
more  maga trash          matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      matt gaetz  led a cong .
i m so indifferent to this border wall .
shocking report exposes the cost of illegal aliens to american taxpayersand how much well save with a border wall .
could you try to be clearer  let me be clear  build the wall  the border has been in crisis for years on your watch .
 aoc if  aoc meant this  she would be leading the charge to change the laws that obviously dont work and to build .
 bfishbfish  kath krueger there have been    many  one involved the border wall and the scene in fast and furious   .
 repmattgaetz  45 saved usa this is total crap  let the reps from the border states talk to us about border securit .
after congress offers flimsy border deal  texas offers trump a major wall solution  via  ilmforg.
 ryanafournier very good proposition the democrats are the only ones responsible for illegal immigration we want a .
rep  matt gaetz  led a congressional trip to the border to watch trump s wall being built   he then held a photo op .
 realdonaldtrump republicans  stop whining about the border  amp  have your president put the money where it belongs  b .
 chikooslim  dancrenshawtx opposed pulling out of syria  you made my argument there  oh  and he disagreed with potu .
 realdonaldtrump don t capitalize vacations  immigration laws  border  wall  also this makes no sense  dminus.
 bbcworld yet the trump administration is using eminent domain in taking land from private landowners on the border .
 realdonaldtrump what big sections of wall  the only wall work going on at the border is maintenance  nothing new i .
 billcassidy where will we louisianians build a wall  exactly  we are not on a border with anyone except other us s .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov and then there s this  do you really think you can have it both ways      .
 fairimmigration  realdonaldtrump do 2 campaign promises at once bring all afgan syria u s military home leave mili .
america great wall on our southern border  and the election and i have never seen a picture of they didnt know it  please.
border security canada wake the fuck up we being attacked every day with our weak laws           god bless usa for .
 krassenstein  normamarcio  realdonaldtrump trump now claims the wall is completed with the newest invisible techno .
these are trump s dunces  gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
la lomita chapel  in the diocese of brownsville  has been in the spotlight in the ongoing debate over a border wall  .
.
 aoc you know miss cortez if there was a wall and a proper immagration system  illegals would not have to be detained at the border .
 senatemajldr  gopleader  why didnt you guys fix our immigration laws  amp  fund border wall  we the people gave you b .
 cbp  enamoredaspects build the wall  deport all invaders  close the border .
 fishersandg  realdonaldtrump  dhsgov  cbp i did a whole little article on fisher sand and gravel     our little grou .
gang of 20 dems  don t you dare give trump that money .
cory booker acknowledges problem at border  says  nations should have borders     .
trump doing a great job keeping the conversation alive and well about our need for a border wall  he wont let the .
 lbc360 when bernie moves to the border with no wall  gives up 2 out of his 3 houses  gives up his armed guards  gi .
get your gun show  border wall construction t shirt    .
 andrewpollackfl  aoc instead of pulling at heart strings about kids at the border  why dont you support getting th .
 kris sacrebleu  debi129 soon he ll want to build a wall around every border in this country  god help us .
hear me out  a huge boarder wall  but instead of the mexico border we wall off florida   zak2020.
 chrislesliemp let s face it    hard brexiteers want a physical border   how else will they stop the foreigners com .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
 kamalaharris easy to fix  close the border and build the wall  problem solved.
 pattyjones5129  independent  barackobama  realdonaldtrump wheres your mexico funded border wall  oh yeah    it wa .
 gardenvix  rolandtureaud  krassenstein he doesnt meet my needs  the border isnt secure  theres no wall  and he tweets way too much .
 charliekirk11 .
us home grown american s kill  amp  murder each other a 1000x more than any illegal immigrant  so your scare tactic onl .
 gepeirson the problem with the media is that they are easily distracted by trumps bs  the whole border wall thing .
for me who stood at the berlin wall looking to america for freedom these developments at the mexican border are una .
please  congress  listen to them   sheriffs from 40 states   buildthewall  secureourborder .
 realdonaldtrump do us all a favor and close that border now  we can handle the economic setback  build that wall.
 senatorsinema  dhsgov you now part of washington    realdonaldtrump has stated a deal can made concerning the bord .
 nevadajack2 illegal    jumping the southern border wall is illegal    stop the  democarts   .
the full interview will stream on our website at 7 p m  tonight   .
yuma  arizona  mayor declares emergency  warns of  imminent threat  over migrant releases at border  build the wall .
in trying to dunk on gop reps over semantics and minuscule details  this far left publication misidentified the sta .
how come a plain wall at the border costs  5 billion but restoring this intricate building only costs  1 billion .
 seanhannity yuma is right near the border and not very big   we need a wall .
 repmattgaetz while dems shout how immoral the wall is from behind their own walls they have been allowed  they ref .
i just asked a trump supporter the question i ve wanted to ask since the election  how does the wall on the border .
 slimwadey so you think the wall will stop immigration  you think its just a southern border issue  has a southern .
who does the border wall need to keep out again  .
spend billions of dollars to keep other counties safe  but not one dollar on the border wall   tell us the real rea .
 noahcalderon916  uniterscentrist  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump  hillaryclinton same deal  more border patrol  secure t .
 artnthesoul  dloesch most of the drugs and undocumented migrants enter through checkpoints  most of the current un .
  therecordernews  opinion  migrants mt  realdonaldtrump claims that a wall is required on our southern border to p .
were building a wall on the wrong border  this blatantly unfair market manipulation is an outrage  think of the ch .
they ll never give up  .
 realdonaldtrump you are lying again  there s no border crisis  no wall  no reason to listen to you and your inane .
 thehill can t even build a wall on your border and you want to build a cathedral .
 allidoisowen someone should make a similar video illustrating the crisis at the border and how it was solved by building a wall .
if  realdonaldtrump wants a wall then he should hire  virgilvdijk just to walk the border  he has been an absolute .
 realdonaldtrump so you will be on another vacation at one of your golf clubs promoting your business and charging .
while living in  westberlin  visitors often asked if the  berlinwall was built 50 100 meters inside the east with w .
arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
 repmattgaetz    is this true      gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 realdonaldtrump why is vacations capitalized   how can dems change the border  move it   where  north or south   b .
 c0lettea ma am  i m very sorry for your loss  but building a wall across the southern border will not stop illegal .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
 anninquirer if the illegals coming across the border were voting republican the democrats would pass money for a w .
i was just at the store and a border control agent came in  i thanked him for his service bc of all the people cros .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump these are the tweets that get me worried this man is in a completely delusional stat .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex will you head up the team of experts  surely you build great cathedrals in months  so ea .
 betoorourke the fake mexican again  the man who stood before a border wall and claimed they don t work while espou .
 betsydevosed  county1974 each year  thousands of students attend school in crumbling or unsafe buildings  instead .
skeptics who believe a border wall will not stop illegals from entering the united states may want to look at what .
 shepersists2  aoc no  but a wall marking the us mexican border  yes  i don t have a problem with that  obama appro .
 bluewavealways  realdonaldtrump vacations  border  wall   all those scary words his supporters will react to .
hey  repmattgaetz  you are a liar  this is not the wall  you arent even at the border  .
boy     this matt gaetz is a real piece of work        .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 betsydevosed  usedgov each year  thousands of students attend school in crumbling or unsafe buildings  instead of .
20 senate democrats  don t give trump money for additional ice resources and the border wall   .
 garyville girl not sure that i agree with this assessment    several presidents before him knew we had an issue at .
what s going on at flint michigan that is a crisis but yet the border wall is more in porten than flint michigan wh .
dear twitterverse  anyone in portland  or  or with friends family employed by the steel plant there  investigative .
 tallsportsguy7  charlesbee13  cullenq123  nowthisnews trumps wall is really the texas wall  california doesnt have .
 realdonaldtrump vacation  that is democrats are care   they hate america  they want to destroy our country usa needs the border wall asap .
 betoorourke go  realdonaldtrump to 2024    maga  beta boy is a deranged lib  along with deranged arm movements  an .
 abc theyre fed and safe   where are the sanctuary cities   why arent they stepping up   oh  they are either up in .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall  .
q  you re calling for unity  yet there will be dueling press conferences today  do you agree on anything       a  .
 tallsportsguy7  charlesbee13  cullenq123  nowthisnews he rarely keeps his word dude  keep up the blind support   w .
many have made a big deal about this since the funds  plans were made during the obama admin  but it took this pres .
 gioia 5464  100percfedup omg we can t get that wall up quick enough and they say oh there s no emergency yes there .
 realdonaldtrump there not going to help with nothing  you already know that  build wall  shutdown border.
america is focusing all of its resources in the wrong directions      ex  the wall should be built on the canada border .
 matthewgoetz   pennsylvania rep  john joyce also acknowledged the men were merely on a  tour  of fishers faciliti .
 jesusisjustight  chiefriddim  jorgesxc   anniepaulma  vibewithdaisy i live on the border   you do realize   that .
 crasecol  betoorourke beta boy is a simple minded loser lib with deranged arm movements  anyone who calls for tear .
 ejavier 24  betoorourke beta boy is a simple minded loser lib with deranged arm movements  anyone who calls for te .
 betoorourke beta boy is a simple minded loser lib with deranged arm movements  anyone who calls for tearing down t .
hey  mattgaetz   you weren t at the border  you were over 100 miles from the border looking at a demonstration of w .
 betoorourke beta boy is a simple minded loser lib with deranged arm movements  anyone who calls for tearing down t .
 4yrstoday no the border wall is not being built right now donald trump can dream on all he wants because it ain t .
 kevinallman  louisianagov were going to build a southern border wall against  the gulf of  mexico     dont we ne .
 deannafierro  betoorourke beta boy is a simple minded loser lib with deranged hand movements  anyone who calls for .
 senatorsinema  freshproduceaa what did the border patrol say about illegal crossings and out crisis at the border  .
 spacex space x should close its doors elon is unamerican and is a real piece of dog shit he stole all of spacex x .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico .
now  more than ever  our state needs leadership        i represent el paso  texas  a community i proudly serve  rather .
 kailijoy  grandpooba5440 gaetz s eagerness to help trump in whatever way he can seems to know no bounds  so preten .
 repmattgaetz close the border until the wall is complete.
 wranther  bbcworld  realdonaldtrump maybe if some more churches burn down  the border wall will crumble and brexit will be forgotten .
 realdonaldtrump   miles of border wall built              0    progress made by the gop on immigration .
 jwaltbangbang people who think the wall will prevent literally anything are so oblivious  drugs are smuggled throu .
 edgargemme i understand homophobia and racism is a big issue  but the wall has nothing to do with either of those .
 aoc this from the same party that has refused to work or negotiate because trump won the election  the same party .
why aren t donations pouring in for border  wall from tech giants  amp  billionaires like for notre dame  so we can com .
 repdustyjohnson maybe you re really bad with geography       maybe you re lying       .
 realdailywire this is a problem 100  created by the democrats   they dont want a wall  they dont want them relea .
 thehill this is a problem 100  created by the democrats   they dont want a wall  they dont want them released in .
 realsaavedra this is a problem 100  created by the democrats   they dont want a wall  they dont want them releas .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border    fakenews on the  fakewall.
 jsftennis correct  they just corral them into a giant open air prison and shoot at them from the other side of an illegal border wall .
hello from the texas senate  the dem caucus  congressman castro and others are holding a press conference about sjr .
 realdonaldtrump call to arms   christians and pro lifers  arent you your brothers keepers  what hypocrisy  live a .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 tedcruz trump s border wall idea is 2300 miles too far south and 45 years too late .
 theytukerrrjobs i rather be an illegal again that give into racism and give trump a wall after all the shit he s d .
cory booker acknowledges problem at border  says  nations should have borders     .
7 000 supporters      via  change.
mexico aint stopping shit   were being had       deploy the troops   close the border   authorize deadly force   buil .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz hey stupid  coolidge is over 100 miles from the border       .
 charliekirk11 exactly  without a secure border   laws don t mean squat     build the wall   fix immigration laws   fix a .
 thenameisax its so dumb honestly  like on border jager just runs around and looks the same on every wall  its gett .
facts  side note   the shit that comes through is systematic  it comes right the the border at the checkpoint  we a .
 randpaul  realdonaldtrump  you cannot end any war without trump s help   failing to support donald trump on the so .
 realdonaldtrump i think there are ways to implement border control without a wall  that can implement the opinions .
 aoc you didn t even acknowledge what he said  he made a point about your disdain for isreal and you responded with .
democrats have cornered the market on hypocrisy  a border wall was fine with them before  trump was elected   maga .
vote them out in november   20 senate democrats  don t give trump money for additional ice resources and the border w .
   brandonblanco  gavinnewsom probably should talk to the border patrol before you render a opinion on the wall  .
how trumps wall could kill a texas border town   center for public integrity .
          .
 dbongino how didn t hey get over the border  i thought we weren t going to allow anyone in     buildthewall the wall        build it   .
 dance always    libertylover56  harveystaub1  jamierodr14  briankolfage oh are they made up  or just didn t die in .
 ellemn   schotts  d4thewin  sencorygardner  repkenbuck the difference between a border wall and a gun control law .
 gary w ellis  wsj it is president trump who makes no effort to bring folks on both sides of an issue together    h .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
 ptstrength i dont nlame you  i m in arizona      they are literally eating us out of house and home  how do we owe t .
we need a yuuge crackdown for all visas until we have a border wall  amp  better airport arrival  amp  departure screening .
 speakerpelosi  hillaryclinton yes pelosi is one of the most influential  traitors of the year     for more than two .
 abcpolitics paid agents are fooling people and busing the poor families to the border to create a scene and get th .
 realdonaldtrump i agree  let s change the border  make it a straight border without all the crooked lines  maybe t .
 aoc you will not vote for border wall how about you take your ass to the southern border and take to border patrol .
 aoc so you would rather release the children back onto the street with no protection or into the custody of the ve .
gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at the  border  .
appeals court rules donald trump can build border wall       washtimes.
arizona company says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year .
 theblangk  4yrstoday .
 troyhaydenfox10  dbchirpy 1  seeking asylum is legal  2  what i see in the photo is a bunch of politicians standin .
 whitehouse go live near border and we will see a difference in your and everyone who against the wall  .
 wownotever  4yrstoday .
 billcassidy build the wall  i didnt recognize louisiana had a border with mexico .
20 senate democrats  don t give trump money for additional ice resources and the border wall .
20 senate democrats  don t give trump money for additional ice resources and the border wall   townhallcom  aag.
the leftist democrats say trumps border wall is a scare tactic  what in the hell is the global warming talk about 1 .
 repmattgaetz no it isnt  nor will it ever be  .
that what i have always told people  genocide at the southern border to gain political ambition  but most of all  m .
20 senate democrats  don t give trump money for additional ice resources and the border wall     .
 leninistbitch you clearly haven t read his views on israel  he said america should look to them as an example of h .
next time someone asks why do we need a wall   tell them isis is camped 8 miles over the border and are plotting .
 troyhaydenfox10  dbchirpy if border patrol knows exact spot  then why dont they do their jobs and sit on that spo .
 4yrstoday .
 hmsheehan  fairimmigration no we need a wall to get our immagration back on track and control our border with peop .
i suppose we ll need to pay for canada to build a wall along their southern border  and also pay for the wall at ou .
 green2020tweet  mamendoza480  chatbycc without borders  language   amp  culture  you have no country   building a wall .
 darren2showtime  stephenph  bobshell1968  zacandshauna  cityofyuma ive heard of conservatives plowing their cars i .
civics lesson   pay attention  don    both dems and republicans are out   this is called   congress     border wall .
 morgfair  penndragonart meanwhile  across the border         .
this will never end  without  the he wall   thousands more central american migrants approach u s  mexico border      .
 realdonaldtrump hey trump  please donate all that border wall money to paris  france to rebuild the notre dame cat .
 speakerpelosi of course   muellers is an effort to keep the waters muddied  who would expect anything less from a .
 walterowensgrpa  kenklippenstein pharaoh was very generous with public housing of immicants prez can offer similar .
 mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews we don t trust you snakes    secure the border  fix asylum l .
 mariabartiromo  realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews please include daca   daca  senategop  senatedems.
 gop wheres the  wall    why isnt she locked up    why is h1b stealing our jobs still    why are 20k border criminals a m .
rochie eleganta neagra asimetrica din material satinat cu croiala moderna fara maneci perfecta     .
 bbrandt 1960  no daca hopefully  democrats will vote strait republican in 2020  or socialism will no longer be talk  it will be a reality .
dac dumnezeu prin snge a demonstra iubirea fa de noi  atunci popa de ce nu demonstreaz i el iubirea de dumnez .
graas a deus presidente  vsa excelencia esta de parabens de acaba c a maldiao do tomala dac .
tu daca te brinda beneficios  entrate lo que debes saber sobre  daca  si tienes dudas  acrcate a tu consulado de .
cu ocazia arderii catredalei notre dame vreau sa va intreb daca vrea cineva sa faca s x cu mine.
the asu   cal doesnt care about undocumented students  theyre asking those who applied to a scholarship geared to .
 illinois is broke dont  force citizens to pay for  daca illegals and foreigners  medicaid   chicago .
give daca recipients a chance to create a better future for themselves  let they stay     supportdaca  msw52101 .
 realdonaldtrump  potus yes   now we can get back to your agendas and work on solving the immigration problem   dac .
 brittan09737431  thehill  realdonaldtrump  potus  presssec that was a quote from obama  when the repubs obstructed .
 nebrasksa  immigration laws are the domain of federal government states can not change  daca illegals status even .
 alexandraboala greu de intretinut daca e tinut in casa dar e cea mai minunata fiinta de pe planeta.
daca is a fabulous person and fabulous woman .
 ruggiere l  no daca i control if i become pregnant or not .
good job  icegov do t let  democrats dangerous  sanctuarycities that wont deport criminal illegal foreigners deter .
 kristinmmurray  fredsfinger1  ktumulty  mollyjongfast ex   daca   the democrats had their brainwashed followers ab .
emelec jugando de toma y daca    manejando los tiempos   bien matamoros y guerrero.
liviu dragnea  despre o posibil nunt cu irina tnase  nici mcar nu tiu dac accept .
 daca  heretostay  dreamers  msw52101 .
 daca  heretostay  dreamers  msw52101 .
 trump2078661114  anncoulter no end to daca  or chain migration  more illegals than under obama  no swamp drain  no .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
dac vorbesc cu tine chiar dac e noapte  nseamn ca eti important.
 funder  windmillcharger its like imagine if you took that money and use it to fund aca  daca  flints water probl .
dac vezi asta s tii c mi e dor de tine   .
ntrebarea e dac merdenelele se mnnc i de pate i de florii     .
avand in vedere ca doar dupa ora 11 imi amintesc ca i dont like being single  poate ar fi o idee sa ma culc la 10 m .
ntrebarea e dac merdenelele se mnnc i de pate i de florii     .
ai grij de tine  c dac nu   nu voi avea cu cine s m cstoresc .
aa aflai dac cineva v spioneaz telefonul    ihabar .
what do israel  saudi and the us have in common       allies  of trump   russia is an adversary but their influence o .
 nodacaf  no daca  saracarterdc sf is pelosi territory so let her deal with it  latino countries have never produce .
viata este un mic joc  daca stii cum sa joci totul e bine dar daca nu stii totul se termina .
60288afe daca 4c1d a7cd 20f43e99931f.
trump hired israelis  amp  saudis to help him win election against hillary     while     hillary hired uk  nz  aus  a forme .
 danke asig  mikibuzarnescu daca te ai uita in oglinda  ai realiza ca tu esti o epava  mi am dat seama din comentar .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump  pilleddem omar stole  thats a dimm resume enhancement  right along with racism and lying  both she has down pat .
dac i da lumea seama ca ai 2 fete  nu o sa mai ai prieteni i spun eu.
representative benghazi  a man of tremendous courage and grit  may someday be recognized as a daca.
 alyssa milano still awaiting on those daca kids you were sobbing about not too long ago  of the yesteryears  indictmentsarecoming.
 sierra3362  no daca  reprashida  congressethics  fbi .
daca nu se strang  sigur mai raman    .
trump hired israelis  amp  saudis to help him win election against hillary    it s reason trumps bends over for israel  amp  .
dac ai greit ceva ti se spune prost  dac ai mncat prea mult ti se spune gras  dac ai o imperfeciune ti se spu .
  chuupiter daca are legatura cu videou ala im sorry.
 antonrd13 dac ai chiroane in mine i in picioare i pr lung    da.
   mooncactus   dac vb de palinc in loc de vin dionysus era nr 1.
am zis ca mi place  eh daca n am zis ma fac de ras acum  so  nunca te olvidare .
 bernieblackout evidence  465        berniewouldhavewon  bernie2020 will deliver our stolen promise   medicareforall .
 chiefnavysnipe  no daca  rl9631  unstoppablemaga  ilhanmn  potus  devinnunes  housegop  ilhan these women will not remain in office long .
 gtfomaaria mai taci in mortii lu ma ta ca daca nu ti aruncai hainele peste tot nu tipam.
 heyitscarolyn  no daca hmmmmm the nypd will stop this  lol.
profesor  dac jungkook are 8 cutiue de banana milk i tu i iei 5 dintre ele  cu cte cutiue de banana milk rm .
daca sunteti cu manele  ignorati ma    fratia noastra  .
 antoniodvx  antonaccigabria daca erai la noi aici erai demult fr cap i dat la caini.
 kylegriffin1 we the people are not interested in what uncle jerry will accept  for 2yrs now we have watched the de .
absorbia fondurilor europene a ajuns la 19 21   respectiv 28  dac sunt adugate i plile directe din agricultur .
 mtracey he should be impeached for his lies about building a wall  ending daca and enforcing our existing immigration laws  .
 edcodes salut baieti aici suntem citiva romani care jucam daca vreti si voi sa fim impreuna va asteptam la noi ne .
renewing daca is fucking expensive .
 bulletbill1013  shirakawakaede  realcandaceo exclusion on the right  we have homosexuals like scott pressler and b .
daca crezi ca esti singura fata cu care vorbeste  te neli amarnic .
daca te simti vreodata singur  gandeste te la toate sosetele din dulapul meu care nu si au mai gasit perechea de 2 ani.
 thehill like daca .
i dont know what rand pauls poistion on immigration is  for one part  hes been pretty anti middle east immigrati .
 heyitscarolyn  no daca this will fly like a lead brick  brooklyn will not tolerate this at all .
 oshlobanul a zis duomnu  c dac ntreab cineva ceva de duamna s i se spuie c nu e acas  c cic nu i lupoaic .
 a month earlier  in december  trump had invited slim       for dinner at mar a lago   that evening   trump asked s .
 lilrexcaesar violenta nu e okay  dar sa zicem ca a avut curaj cineva sa i arate ca nimeni nu o v a ajuta daca are fite in cur .
paste linitit tuturor catolicilor  apropo  nu tiu dac v am spus vreodat  dar sunt catolic.
next at  wier2019  genna liu from  dartmouth   daca eligibility increased people s tendency to make in state moves  .
daca ar face asta si carturesti .
 mitchellvii remember the schumer shutdown  trump offered them amnesty for twice as many daca recipients as obama a .
 with       the carlos slim foundation  unam  latin america s largest university  is offering free in person inform .
 acceso latino offers free legal aid from pro bono lawyers and information on loans to pay for the  700 naturalizat .
 slim  mexico s richest person  has been critical       of trump s anti immigrant policies        slim addressed u  .
 antoniatxt daca vreau sa mor instant da.
 pattyarquette  senatorromney and where the hell were u  pattyarquette when obama really was shredding the constitu .
ni har vl inte missat daca vl  kolla in allt de gr fr barn som har det tufft  .
tot vin tacuti si pioi catolicii  cu sfanta lumina  de la biserica lor de peste drum     foarte frumos spectacolul d .
nu mai promiteti lucruri daca stiti ca nu va puteti tine de promisiuni.
 daca .
 annieoldenough  adam4conservtru  hssfjeannie  teamrope  delemancha  lrihendry  sidneypowell1  kennedynation  potus .
 therrienv  adam4conservtru  hssfjeannie  teamrope  delemancha  lrihendry  sidneypowell1  kennedynation  potus how .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump .
sigue el toma y daca en el inicio de la 2 parte  anota christine sinclair su segundo tanto  segunda asistencia par .
dac nu mi zicei mine i la fraii mei catolici paste fericit i mi zicei sptmna viitoare la ortodoci va sparg pe toi.
premierul cehiei nu va demisiona  chiar daca va fi pus sub acuzare pentru frauda cu fondurieuropene .
n seara asta m am suprat ru pe psd  dar s a modificat textul i bunul sim m face s zic mulumesc  doar usr nu .
 iulianamty  ioanitoaia  adriano qld  daninhodj  romeekay imi pare rau           daca erai aici  cu cea mai mare placere impartaseam.
i heard this from a lawyer  its because weed isnt legalized by the federal governement and even if its legalized .
 drek preference  repdeanphillips you mean like when mccain  rubio  and graham were sponsors of the 2013 immigratio .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti the number of followers is not im .
cargo   daca ploaia s ar opri  official video  .
dacian ciolo l trolleaz pe liviu dragnea  care i a avertizat pe romni c vor rmne fr case  frigidere i ar .
nu mai interpreta prost  dac nu nelegi  nu comenta .
 sassykadik remember when it make sense to go high when they went low  then we saw sexual assault victims ignored  .
sunt pregtit pentru orice meci  nu se tie dac va juca mladenovic  i ei i pot schimba echipa  i noi putem s .
 moonchiidnvm  grapeboijoon stai daca n ai cur cum iti bagi pepenele in el    .
daca corpul uman contine 70  apa nu esti grasa  esti inundat      .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 moonchiidnvm  grapeboijoon baga ti pepenele ala in cur daca tot iti place atata de mult.
buzrnescu e favorit cu mladenovic la pariuri        franuzoaica are 2 i ceva  mi se pare cea mai gratuit cot .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 ianbremmer except when it come to  daca  then who needs checks and balances .
dragi susintori psd  nu mai mergei la mitinguri  stai acas i pzii v aragazul i frigiderul        vor s se de .
 repjerrynadler we the american people want need to move on    legislatenotinvestigate no more  taxdollars on .
salut fratii mei din iasi care au dat cu  muiepsd pana cand prnaliu au fugit ca sobolanii de acolo  vorba lui .
eb 5 will you invest  directly into a business or choose the eb 5 regional center         visas  cap  daca  lawyer .
 marcos daca que.
dac i astea mai sunt glume  poate exagerai  poate  .
  lor3scu  dac ce mnnci e gustos .
senadores buscan abrir puertas del congreso a beneficiarios de daca      .
dac a putea sa scot din tl postrile despre xyz partid   0 la cub om politic si cele cu  u i a fi recunoscator twitterului .
 savagenamu cica se rezolva daca il lasam mai mult liber prin curte  nici mie nu mi ar placea sa fiu intr o cusca d .
shitty public service commissioners are going to be shitty public service commissioners   sos  gustave .
 ai dat mesaj cuiva spunnd    scuze  persoana greita     te ai nregistrat cntnd sa vezi dac ia voce sau doar tu .
dac  got ar fi fost un anime    .
tii ce am neles io din campania asta electoral     c dac vin pnl i usri csolosz la guvernare unii ne iau la b .
 meanlin1  mboes73 trumps been in office for two years immigration reform has been kicked down the road since reaga .
icymi  this bill and similar proactive policies would open the door for immigrant youth to access opportunities wi .
democrat party illegal alien  dreamer  with felony convictions for abusing women deported back to mexico   media ge .
 nodacaf  no daca  saracarterdc it s getting worse i can see it happening    not many connect the dots     why are .
dac ne place parabellum i mai vrem john wick  reeves  livreaz   .
ados facts   why we created the movement answering the critics of  ados   aoc  tariqnasheed .
dac o pasre n colivie nu cnt din dragoste  ea cnt plin de furie .
premierul cehiei nu va demisiona  chiar daca va fi pus sub acuzare pentru frauda cu fonduri europene .
deci daca e ce cred eu ca e eu mor        .
daca te plac   asta nu inseamna ca te las sa ma joci in picioare .
 serbianinfidel nita mrka  daa  vulva  kradoman boovi  govan mati  zoka brusli  buljubaa risti   .
premierul ceh nu demisioneaz chiar dac va fi pus sub acuzare pentru fraud  spun de la nceput c aceasta este o .
 btsromaniaproj1  dorinaionescu21  bts twt ok  data viitoare o s fiu mai atent  mi pare ru dac am suprat pe cineva.
coaie doar eu cred ca toi prietenii sunt erpi  adic dac va certai instant afla tot oraul ce ai fcut tu acum .
the democrats latest plan gives  amnesty to already deported  daca illegals   nationalsecurity  buildthewall .
 rfboris vaaaai  daca nu a avut elicopterul pregatit  daca suna 112 venea macar unul smurd  facea zgomot de acoperea fanfara .
 speakerpelosi the feelings of a  daca person who found out  after months of hard work  they cannot serve their com .
when you think about it   obama administration was more friendly towards  daca kids whose parents you can argue kne .
 speakerpelosi the feelings of a  daca person close to me  i have to watch this persons heart break constantly  en .
dac m ai intreba pe mine  mai bine donau oamenii bani pentru assange i wikileaks  nu notre dame  dar nimeni nu m .
nu zic ca s paranoica dar daca bate vantul si zboara frunzele o iau la fuga ca am impresia ca s in birdbox.
degeaba ne am iubit  dac destinul nu ne a vrut mpreun .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 gabrielluca88  veronik dan daca stii sa pui si becuri  esti numai bun de insurat    .
nu neleg de ce se mai vnd igri dac nu sunt bune    .
premierul cehiei  miliardarul andrej babis  a declarat smbt c nu va demisiona  chiar dac va     .
.
de te freac pe tine grija de mine dac nu mai vreau sa fim prietene .
 taesdazai alocatia poti sa o primesti pana termini a 12a indiferent daca ajungi major intre timp sau nu  numa ca t .
stie cineva dac pana la urma urmei sf  gheorghe e pe 23 sau pe 29    ca din sursele mele e posibil sa nu ajung pe p .
duku  hmm imi e cam somn cred ca ma culc   creierul lui duku  nu si daca iri aduci aminte chestii cringe pe care le ai fcut acum 8 ani .
 oldtom morris  markholmlund  ralstonreports  jonahnro so therefore  when conservatives say things like sorry  dac .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 aperitifminor era solo metafricamente  me refiero a que si su hija daca carcter conmigo no me va a molestar  me .
 cezararadu2 orice zi e naspa daca n ai cu cine sa o petreci.
 juicebox tango  wish tv i am not upset with report   i am upset with demoncrats  more    being wasted   resist  o .
 anam bts  dorinaionescu21  btsromaniaproj1  bts twt nu suntei obligai s ascultai dac nu v place  era mai bin .
 flepster556  cwazupj  aprildryan lmaooo hes hiding his face because he might be a daca kiddo from the sanctuary state of cali .
daca iti dau seen la story din primele 10 secunde 5 minute inseamna ca vreau sa iti dau add pe lol.
dac hong kong are simphony of lights  bucureti are spotlight festival     si trotinete electrice wolf e  .
the crimes they commit in mexico  they spread to the us via caravans  illegal immigration  zero consequences  what .
dar dac te prind  paraschivo    la urn cu alt barosan   i iau frigiderul i i iau aragazul   te las s mnnci raw v .
 prinilor       mamei   parfum  flori  haine  ciocolat      tatei   parfum  haine  ceva pt main  daca are   produse de .
  antjuansea how can biden defend legislation that is unconstitutional  we should not have laws that violate the co .
 senatordurbin unlike current 800k daca recipients since i didn t come before 2008  i was never qualified for daca  .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump let s see them all .
acum  dac ce m am machiat frumos  cu tu pe la ochi  m gndesc s tai nite ceap  .
 delrayavener  oscararchie6  gtconway3d  realdonaldtrump   repeal replace aca     build border wall that mx will cov .
gran canasta de  oriolpauli7    muy fcil lundberg  dos   responde eriksson   hay tm en pista  2 44 para acabar el prime .
dac pentru dvs  venirea primverii nu nseamn doar muguri i copaci nflorii ci i congestie nazal  strnutat  .
premierul ceh va refuza s demisioneze chiar dac va fi inculpat pentru fraud   .
 kylemonjelly  mikedorning  suebanski what   congress offered a deal   trump killed daca to feed his party s bigotr .
ministerul muncii va trimite ntiinri pensionarilor pentru a i anuna dac i cnd primesc pensia recalculat   .
ministerul muncii va trimite ntiinri pensionarilor pentru a i anuna dac i cnd primesc pensia recalculat .
cum ii sperie psd pe oamenii simpli  de la tara  daca liviu dragnea va pleca  vor pleca si alocatiile  vor pleca s .
premierul ceh nu va demisiona dac va fi pus sub acuzare  preedintele anun c l nu va demite   un prim ministru .
daca iti dau un pumn te spargi in figuri .
dos proyectos de ley buscan bajar el costo de matrcula a  estudiantes con  daca  nc  waddellsenate40  wileynickel .
rspunsul neateptat a lui dagnea la ntrebarea dac a decis datanunii .
interviu regizorul jacques audiard  e un tip de pricepere pe care l avei  care nu tiu dac mai e nfrana .
1 concentreazate i nu ntra n panica    te grbi   3 citeste cu atenie enuntul .
heads up  gop elder scam  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 fretsward  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder me either  so many ways have been tried to force en .
now u know how it feels for 8 obama years we had to endure a pretty puppet master  violating the constitution  daca .
paying  500 to renew my daca today  uff.
 notsosweetlou24  gop he was willing to compromise and give amnesty to the daca kids   dems said no .
stai chill  arpe  ca dac i am luat veninul nu mai ai ce sa faci .
not once did she say  i m f    d   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 billpuerta79  gildelatorre1  misskilauea  recomtogadaraya  jhlasa o sea  q no os leis las fuentes originales y ti .
 sofarky  daca as posta acuma un edit cu clt ai fi interesata.
 shenwood55  twzinger  aclu  writestruths daca must follow the current rules  the issue for them is that there is n .
 ilhanmn read congressional history  the democrats have also failed to act on immigration when they had the power  .
daca vrei mai pun poze cu chiorii mei preferati.
senadores buscan abrir puertas del congreso a beneficiarios de daca      .
hillary yes   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
 dbongino  no daca and blow job bill .
si daca vorbesc de marina e mai bine  pe aia nici nu o stii.
 evangelicals hypocrites  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 imanikushan  talibkweli he keeps posting so called receipts but nobody is asking for that  we are asking actual qu .
 washingtonpost the plotting begins   hey what happened with the pressing issues    daca    healthcare   immigration  .
in sfarsit blogul meu arata fix asa cum mi am dorit   lt 3   am scris un articol despre ce a insemnat tot rebranding ul .
 unitedwedream  no daca a non citizen may quote our constitution or the current practice at our border however they .
tomis junior   daca pot sa fac un bine  spiros galati   prin  youtube.
beyond reasonable doubt needed 4 crim conviction higher bar than needed 4 impeachment  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
fetelor  nu mai facei asta      iat 10 lucruri pe care brbaii le dispreuiesc la o femeie  .
 itmorar  eciocu dac nu scrie cu oi pe dealul la bucovina   .
why  impeachtrump read  muellerreport   amp  constitution then  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
stiu ca asa sunt eu in fiecare zi despre clt chiar daca nu zice nimeni nimic asa ca.
cheama l daca esti in probleme    .
in pula mea daca vezi ca am dat volumul tare si ma simt bine nu opresti muzica sa mi povestesti ceva in pula mea.
everyone in america should read these tagged sections of  mueller report get serious then  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
armed militia triggers democrats by stopping 200 invaders for border patrol  via .
 exdemlatina  chewysantiago00 if obama and the dimbos gave a crap about latino americans  they would have worked to .
   cetenie romn unui numr ct mai mare de romni din republica moldova  acum sunt un milion de oameni cu dubl .
ce daca nu ai voce daca canti goala ai succes garantat    via  youtube.
yes and it had better only be issued to actual citizens not want abees no daca s .
simona  despre victoria de azi  e primul meci oficial pe zgur i e greu s mi dau o not  dar consider c dac am .
expo milano 2015       shizuoka prefecture  japan pr  in english         japan   21 daca.
 doru onet daca doresti bataie pe strada  iti sparg botul cu doi pumni  si ati scot gratuit dantura la plimbare  te bag in ma ta .
mai tudor chirila  continua sa canti  ca asta e menirea ta  nu politica  daca esti lider   rezist  e destul de rau  esti penibil  sa sti  .
 realdonaldtrump time to focus on why three unconstitutional policies remain illegally implemented   1 obamadontcar .
viaa e bine s o trieti fr s o gndeti prea mult  pur i simplu ca i cum ai fi pe vrful unui munte cu para .
300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  via  mailonline .
 kdwojakowski w obliczu nieuchronnej klski wyborczej panowie z ke s w stanie obiecza absolutnie wszystko  mam je .
tu erai puterea mea  atunci cnd ai plecat ai spus sa fiu tare  dac un telefon nu se ncarc fr ncrctor   cum .
degeaba latrii si incerci sa musti daca ramai fara dinti cand te retragi      .
nu sta pe ganduri  daca ai o idee de afacere  fa ti o firma  noi te ajutam.
40 years later date  congress   will benefit cuts  we have agreed to january 20th  daca beneficiaries should stay away the.
 norrthpier  mikedorning  suebanski congress punted on daca    too afraid of political fallout to support the peopl .
 texasnative3  johncornyn  cnn aaaaahhhhhh hahahaha        hey if you want your doctor you can keep your doctor  lois l .
idee  hai s mai facem mine un rescuedpetstories     adic  posteaz mi n comentarii o foto cu animalul din dotare  .
 adrianacostach5  basarab84 pi da   dac nu ies tot ei  ticloii  e mna ruilor  .
 alemofoxsports penalti igual o mundial do palmeiras       nao foi nada   .
 realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  senfeinstein  senatedems  housedemocrats  ilhan  ilhanmn  reprashida democrats wou .
 kausmickey mystery why you keep repeating this rubbish over and over   i guess you just truly can t stand trump    f .
cuvioasa pelaghia din reazani  i dac dumnezeu este cu noi  cine poate fi mpotriva noastr    .
1 intreaba ti prinii daca te lasa    2 gngeste te pe cine sa nvei si vorbeste cu ei el ea sa vezi daca poate pot .
nu nu esti cool daca te tai.
dragnea stabileste luni ce face cu remanierea  am inteles ca abia marti presedintele ar da un semn de viata  nu sti .
finally got my daca id  this used to be such a exciting prospect but tbh it s a scam that shits on immigrants like .
 gop  lizrnc hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear deal  asia pacific agreemen .
liviu dragnea  rspuns neateptat la ntrebarea dac a decis data nunii cu iubita sa .
dac mne sara  gizs invie la unguri i catolici  la noi ortodoci  cine mai invie sptmna aviatoare   ntreb pi .
suena joan jett  amp  the blackhearts en toma y daca  dnde ms .
 repdebdingell  housedemocrats improving the lives of illegal immigrants  daca and dreamers  while ignoring your la .
i m starting to think that the house should spend the next 3 6 months passing bills that deal with infrastructure  .
 manekkii       fac maine somon daca ajuta.
 y daca  robibaradel no estamos en democracia es una dictadura porque no hay division de poderes.
democratul sergiu sarbu s a intalnit pentru prima data cu activistul care sta in arest pentru ca l a lovit  intreba .
so happy to be able to partner with carrie hughes and her team at people s mortgage to offer conventional mortgage .
 scarlatescu dac era de sliceuri  poate azi era de ncercat unul  cu moni  care are 1 0 cu garcia  zgur 2016   m .
immigrants and daca recipients are a public benefit  mayorhancock  heretostay.
daca vreau sa beau sampanie imi trebuie motiv  eu cred ca imi trebuie fix pe cineva capabil sa o desfaca   asa ca s .
 atoughbroad  katid22  sexygirl798  taznum8  reginaa1981  lauriespoon  morenverca  wonderbitchtoo  climate bro tk .
 stelian ion usr daca televiziunea locala este agresata ce sa mai vorbim de cetateni    .
dac am fi luptat i vrsat snge n 1940 pentru basarabia  poate c    .
petre ignatencu  63 de ani  triete  din 1989 ncoace  ntr o disonan  n opinia sa  romnia se va dizolva  dac .
 kitavi kasamba  sanuofxi  jaison65628083  publord  breakingbrown it s about bandwidth and resources as .
cand mai aberati cu mancatu de oua ca  vezi doamne  nu omori gaina   ba  o omori   daca e cocos  il omori din prima .
dump   traitortrump   s  gop wake up america  maga  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
really  perhaps you should rethink that statement in terms of obama and daca and the aca  amp  clinton  amp  his oval offic .
 unitedwestand  dividedwefail  jobs  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
i dac nu v am fi rugat i avertizat    .
 codrutbaciu daca m as intalni cu el   nu mi ar pasa prea mult ce a facut in meci    putintupeunustrica.
 gabyspepe  y daca la debacle comenzo en 1536 con la llegada del sifilitico pedro de mendoza.
dragnea stabileste luni ce face cu remanierea  am inteles ca abia marti presedintele ar da un semn de viata  nu sti .
 y daca por favor anotame en el sorteo de libros .
cum sa nu te simti acasa in sicilia  cand nimeni nu iti acorda priorite pe trecere  soferii vorbesc la tefon cand f .
cnd se nsoar dragnea  eful psd spune c n a stabilit data nunii  nici mcar nu tiu dac accept .
 kylemonjelly  mikedorning  suebanski he killed daca   go back and review what he called support   you may not full .
 briecayne  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
liviu dragnea a spus smbt  dac la termenul din 20 mai se va prezenta la     .
nuevas  ven a probar las daca    ven a  newpierre    tens 3 cuotas sin inters    plan ahora 6 y ahora 12    visit .
 meganjstaylor  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
dragnea  despre numirea noilor minitri  am neles c abia mari preedintele ar da un semn de via  nu tiu dac d un rspuns   .
daca ai alta perspectiva te invitam s o facem pe ma ta cadou   de ce nu  .
 camelia30 0 rmne ntrebarea dac begu sau buzarnescu  chiar i pentru mine.
dragnea  despre termenul limita dat lui iohannis pentru remaniere  am inteles ca abia marti ar da un semn de viata  .
bat clopotele    .
world leaders procrastinated until 2 3 of the entire world was under  muslim control before protecting  wethepeople .
world leaders procrastinated until 2 3 of the entire world was under  muslim control before protecting  wethepeople .
 tine cont de parerea urmaritorilor    daca ai un cont de selfcare posteaza postari utile    imprieteneste te cu urma .
corina creu  aderarea la zona euro ar nsemna un pas enorm nainte  dac romnia va fi pregtit .
 treizecizero dac joac mine  buzrnescu  pierde cu 2 0  slab joc  psihic o .
 realdonaldtrump we knew that the conclusion and obstruction were phony charges  its over  we won  now lets get .
reasons 2 dump  gop  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca .
 no daca probably not because they dont want the pc police and black caucus to jump down their throats  ridiculous.
 gayfortolkien  zachstafford he s a right winger because he supports gun control  abortion rights  medicare4all  da .
don t worry its so far down the sewer it cannot be recovered  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans .
 magdalenamariab  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  joyrhoades1 .
ma enerveaza cnd sunt certat cu iubitul meu si el nu e certat cu mn gen ce esti aa calm dac esti aries   .
thank you mr edward r murrow re incarnate  sethabramson  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
daca plural lui gaz e gaze  de ce pluralul lui aragaz e aragazuri  .
 whywekneel  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
breaking  federal appeals court rules against trump administration on daca .
ahora suena bajan de pescado rabioso en toma y daca  ponemos slo one hit wonder .
 intra acum pe noul chat romanesc  un chat online imbunatatit si sigur  vino pe chat online .
 kamalaharris all talk and no action  we cant grow as a country until 4 things happpen   1equal pay for women   2 women .
o imagine face ct 1 000 de cuvinte diar dac nu tii s citeti .
why do u think  northkorea k j un wants trump 2 remove sos pompeoits because he knows he can manipulate .
  realdonaldtrump you could pivot bigly  work on fixing aca and getting an m4a option on exchanges  trade daca for .
 era un urs foarte detept  ntruct ursul  dac a mncat ntr o sear din gospodrie  a doua sear se ntoarce tot .
so clear now  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 taesdazai pai gen daca mergi la album si gem dai sa vezi melodiile nu are optiune sa unblock it.
i need help now that i m offered health insurance via employment  this daca recipient is absolutely clueless with t .
suena bloodrock en toma y daca  genialidad .
1 folosete creme sau alifii in locul lotiunilor   2 dac pielea minilor tale este uscat i crpat  poart n gea .
 eciocu dac n ai zdrobit strugurii cu picioarele  cu ndragii suflecai  n ai fcut nimic  nu are cum sa fie bun .
stop  legislate not investigate     pass immigration bill  pass namca  pass infrastructure legislation  pass  daca  build wall.
 daca lib  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
daca iti trimit meme uri inseamna ca tin la tine si vreau sa ti ridic moralul.
daca aseara am avut parte de o super  captura    astazi pe  velierul  haimana  s a pregatit cea mai copioasa masa .
daca aseara am avut parte de o super  captura    astazi pe  velierul  haimana  s a pregatit cea mai copioasa masa .
 ltimahora   el asesinato de nusrat jahan rafi  de 19 aos  caus indignacin en bangladesh y puso bajo escrutinio l .
liviu dragnea   daca vom merge cu guvernul in parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate  .
give the public the whole story about the grey not black amp  white vaccine story truth matters the public r not idiots .
 global occupant  stevetiger999 schumer offered trump billions for the wall in exchange for daca  trump then demand .
dac m strigi pe strad i nu i rspund cel mai probabil am ctile n urechi i nu te aud  dar dac nu le am nseamn c te ignor.
i took 56 broads and gets caught  security would not one if they go home test  what the daca expires .
liviu dragnea  atac la adversarii politici  numai daca iti urasti propriul popor atat de mult cat o fac ei poti sa .
ateapt   dac nu vine prinu  vine vreun nebun care s te iubeasc .
 adi ninu  clotilde armand dac tot vorbim despre asta    atenie  majoritatea simpatizanilor    pun nu pune  ac .
 scottmgreer  anncoulter i think you got this wrong charlie  ivanka has not been the best help for her dad  neither .
 mdbolsover  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  magdalenamariab  joyrhoades1 .
 mrsbeggloves  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab  joyrhoades1 .
daca tot ma intrebi ce fac  nu ma lasa dupa cu seen .
 cdn37 por un lado esta muy bien  por otro lado  que aportes da la iglesia catolica a pais  todo san toma y nada de san daca .
ce penibili is aia care daca nu le accepti sa te urmareasca sterg si incearca iar  .
 daca recipient fernando  im on track to graduate in may 2021  but that milestone seems so far off bc my future i .
a  daca recipient who has lived here since he was just four continues to wait for permanent protections  i love ma .
 iraphahell zvonurile despre ps5 nu sunt zvonuri   sunt reale si dezvluite de ctre   developer   dac l pot numii asa   .
dr  pamir  neurochirurg  durerea este cel mai important simptom  dac este persistent  zilnic i apare dimineaa .
nou  oltenilor  ne place s ne credem inteligeni  nesimirea o punem pe seama inteligenei i credem c  dac nu .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 boadmin gavedaca freecollege without require .
liviu dragnea  atac la adversarii politici  numai dac i urti propriul popor att de mult ct o fac ei poi s .
 mueller    mueller a man of untouchable character with numerous associates spends 2 yrs   basically looking for a crim .
liviu dragnea  atac la adversarii politici .
has democrats helped dreamers daca  no   has democrates helped border patrol ice  no   has democrats secured our southe .
nu cred c e recomandat celor care i fac cruce de fiecare dat cnd trec pe lng o biseric  special fiind destu .
primar psd pacani  dou dosare penale am avut i eu  ca domnul dragnea  din punctul sta de vedere  suntem la fel  .
 ruggiere l  no daca socialism is for those who think the government should have complete control of every aspect o .
 claudiunasui nu mai sintem in 89  sa ne omoare  in puscaarii si cu gloante  acum daca vreti democratie si stat de .
b  dar dac eu am reou electric  mi l confisc aia de la usr i    cc  clotilde armand.
 teampelosi dems need to talk about the issues  like daca   hc when addressing media  keep the impeachment talk beh .
what s being missed   most people complain when economy is bad but expect it to be good  amp  take that for granted  my .
dac te salut nu nseamn ca te plac dobitocule .
daca ai adevar      bazat pe ultima cifra a lunii nasterii    1 2   tag celei mai bune prietene   3 4   ai vrea sa iesim .
sper ca v am ajutat    dac vrei urmtorul selfcare va fi cu metodele mele persoanale de organizare n ceea ce priv .
 grapeboijoon mmmhmmm nu suna asa bine  nu stiu daca pot sa te cred.
bencarson should be investigated  amp  tried for perjury        two weeks ago  carson testified at a congressional hearing .
 cnnpolitics officially  ridiculous   can we not focus on climate change  or infrastructure  or the earth shatterin .
e de luat aminte  mai ales dac eti membru psd  n aceeai zi  liberalii fac plimbare prin alexandria  iar dragnea .
 basarab84 aia ziceam si eu  daca pe aia de voteaza usr doi si un sfert ii inteleg ca nu stiu ce fac luati de avant .
degeaba ai tu multa crema daca are gust de c c t .
 agoodhoroscope  jakesastrology  vycanismajoriz djdjds baiatul cravata m a intrebat intai daca stiu ce ascendent am.
 dumnezeu6 si daca ma masturbez fara sa gasesc placere in asta .
 markskrikorian i suppose that daca is set up the same way      just  whatever the applicant says      is golden    .
ncercai civa sa prei populari dar va cearta mami dac stati pana la 5 afara.
 asecase   apte case om avut   fiindc eu am fost corupt    eu doar ase am furat   una napoi am dat    ca sa uite toi la .
ncercai civa sa preti populari dar te cearta mami dac nu eti acas la 5.
dac media vinde informai false propriilor clieni  nu i un fel de malpraxis .
 codrutbaciu dac ajungem cu australia in final la ei acas  parc vd c jucm pe iarb .
excerpt  newsweek      sure you would  rudygiuliani   sure        realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
 kolat ca  tynomag23 pai la locale oricum nu pot vota decat daca se afla in localitatea de resedinta trecuta in buletin  din cate stiu .
airline passenger who demanded restroom assistance died on daca .
liviu dragnea  a declarat vineri la botosani ca daca usr si plus vor ajunge la guvernare atunci vor confisca frigid .
 washingtonpost yes  get a democratic candidate who doesnt look  act  and sound insane  who will support and defen .
de citit articolul  daca nu e timp de carte .
our sniveling  crybaby prez   so sad  too bad        realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
esti asa tampita incat daca faci cancer la creier nu te afecteaza cu nimic.
bull   t        realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends  nra  rncrepublican  gop .
undocumented alien       unable to find employment in speciality  fighting for truth  justice and the american way  due .
 daca dreamers     trump .
come out today  4 20  and  playontheplaza 10am   1pm  daca united hosts pay to play lotera  mexican bingo  and .
ne este frica   nu ne putem controla emotiile     asa este     dar putem sa mentinem frica si alte emotii la o limi .
parcul national muntii rodnei  un loc pe care trebuie sa il vizitezi daca iubesti naturasalbatica  .
montan la barraca y venga tiroriro   y toma traca y daca y luego yo no he sido      qu pena  qu frustracin  qu tris .
montan la barraca y venga tiroriro   y toma traca y daca y luego yo no he sido   faena sin asumir por uno y otro lao .
ca sa stii ce se intampla in justitie trebuie sa te si intereseze justitia nu doar ordinele de la partid  ceea ce i .
 springbill bill  huffpost  barackobama  hillaryclinton  aglynch  jamescomeyfbi  ericholder  repmaxinewaters  potus .
 sethamandel  jaketapper yes       and scenarios like this most assuredly were pervasive in the last several administra .
 cristinapucean1 bun cristina eu sunt o mare fana acesta este nr meu de telefon 0770101915 dac ai vrea sa m suni .
dac passingurile ctigtoare ale simonei v fac s srii automat din fotoliu  s tii c e perfect normal .
povestiri din videle  ce ar fi fost dac nu ajungeau unii la  bucureti i rmneau acolo        vezi c vine usereu  .
dac e smbt  e apropotv pe youtube  emisiunea complet  .
daca nu ati apucat sa luati bilet la evenimentul cu robert kiyosaki din 11 12 mai 2019 dar va doriti sa mergeti va .
ziua internationala a vaccinarii animalelor         vaccinareaconteaza      daca iti iubesti animalul de companie  protejea .
te educ daca ma lasi u u .
dac nici n moldova nu mai ai loc   ar fi bine s o ei din loc   psihopatule   .
kiki  ce scul  dac face apoi un break  e cam groas   fedcup  hairomania.
 emishor daca face fa   pt bani e bine  pt cariera nu prea daca ar fi mai puternic in dueluri poate ar ajunge in alta parte.
unicatelor vedei ca dac de fiecare data cnd suntei in club i vedei o camera de filmat primul vostru instinct .
val de ironii dup ce dragnea a afirmat c usr plus a pus gnd ru frigiderelor  nu s a spus dac ne iau i fierul .
 remusstefan72 nu stiu daca sunt in stare  dar unul dintre visurile mele este s conduc un tir  pn la sfritul a .
 cutremur n romnia  specialitii infp  dac ar fi noaptea  numr victimelor ar fi mai mare   evenimentul zilei .
 ioskap sunt curios daca autoritile noastre  care or fi alea inca am dubii     ii vor pune la plata  pentru ca da a .
 prouddaddy35  amarcusyoung  speakerpelosi what ever happened to her daca campaign  guess they do not matter to her anymore .
dac v masturbai i gsii plcere n asta nseamn c v plac persoanele de acelai sex  trebuia s v o spun .
jesam li jadna ako napisem ovde kako sam upisana na insta    nije zbog followera vec mi se prate novi ljudi  ove sto .
5 semne c eti o mam extraordinar  potrivit psihologilor      fiecare mam i face griji cu privire la creterea c .
oare voi fi vnat de danjarmerie dac va invit sa l primim pe dragnea la bacu asa cum merit    haidei sa aflam cn .
dac nu ai apucat s vizitezi faimoasa catedral  trebuie s tii c ai pierdut cam 850 de ani de istorie    ntr o .
 rafael25672620  matosortho  no daca wait   so you re angry that the media hasn t reported on it  but then admit yo .
da li se  daa odrava u bambilendu .
 thezastru drace  daca gandim la fel poate suntem  cumva in plm frati gemeni separati la nastere.
 writewhale  arimelber i think obama started it by breaking laws  funding terrorist  iran   fast and furious  givin .
n ai cum s fii dezamgit dac n ai ateptri de la nimic.
daca cerul ar putea sa te aduca in viata mea       as culege in palma mea o stea          sa te am pe tine                          .
 v vitai toat ziua c n avei pe cine s votai la europarlamentare  c la e ho  c aia e prea tut  c la e .
oraul orhei este demn de a fi numit cel mai curat i bine amenajat ora din ntreaga ar       dac tot s a fcut cur .
attention  tenants   in atentia chiriasilor  daca aveti data platii setata pentru vineri sau luni  plata va fi intarz .
 teoadi sa vad ce scot oneplus  nu mi place ideea aia retardata de popup selfie camera  altfel un xiaomi o sa fie u .
 m0raru ntre noi vorb s fie  fiindc i eu am ocolit asemenea subiecte  sunt nclinat spre zelenski  simplu   la .
yanoqu dac sin died losdeanteeees   y los que haaaaay   han cambiadoooooo   han cambiadoooooooooooo   s.
 no daca  breitbartnews agree 100 .
dems turn daca kids down twice    .
veti uriae  se dau mai muli bani  vezi dac vei beneficia de majorri    .
.
 charliekirk11  ivankatrump javankas are  globalists  they do not support maga agenda  not so amazing as she works .
 codrutbaciu  corinas racket  camelia30 0      i am mprumutat eu  dac tot n am putut merge .
 mireiacidru  cuadernodeluis  emmariverola ah  no haba entendido la pregunta  ya veo por donde vas  en la edad med .
ne mrim echipa i avem nevoie de tine        dac ai experien n domeniu i eti pasionat de buctria japonez sau .
bem i 7 zile bem   i o lun dac vrem.
dodon l a luat peste picior pe nstase  dup ce acesta l a invitat la o dezbatere public  .
 georgedoga89 action launcher  shutters se numesc  is ca nite foldere  dac dai swipe deschizi folderul  dac dai .
psd incearca sa cumpere votanti pe ultima suta .
dac te opreti din a vorbi cu mine  atunci oprete te i din a mai vorbi despre mine .
bani de la stat penrru sute de mii de romni  vezi dac te ncadrezi   .
daca scoti limba in poze si ai pierce fake in nas nu esti bad bitch esti doar cringe.
 dncwarroom  kanew  senatemajldr sounds like he was talking about obama  not trump  the only thing obvious is despe .
daca barna se baga la aragaze  ciolos la frigidere  eu parca m as orienta catre atm uri .
liderul psd liviu dragnea a ajuns iar subiect de glume n online dup ce a sugerat c romnii risc s rmn fr .
dragnea i avertizeaz pe romni c vor rmne fr case  frigidere i aragaze dac voteaz opoziia  cum i a mo .
 adriano qld  liga1romania liga nu stiu ce poate face in conditiile date  nu au leverage in negocieri  produsul pe .
 smooveopr8r  exdemlatina awesome  now can you tell us how trump has been trying to pass daca   i stopped watching .
 exdemlatina  uxaleri hahahhaha  did he just say trump has been trying to pass daca          good to see youre .
liderul psd a ajuns iar de rsul internetului  nu s a spus dac ne iau i fierul de clcat  c asta n o mai tolere .
 dragnea i avertizeaz pe romni c vor rmne fr case  frigidere i aragazuri dac voteaz opoziia  cum i a m .
 nicholsuprising  ilhanmn  ewarren  aoc  reprashida but you all are the same ones who just loved when obama unilate .
este scrisul terapeutic    este scrisul terapeutic       este scrisul terapeutic        dac nu a fi scris  strile depre .
dodon nu vede rostul unor dezbateri publice cu nstase  dac tare le vrea  ar trebui mai nti s o ntrebe pe maia .
 shotemall daca asta e trendul trebuie sa tina pasul.
all indian airlines are losses because daca ko kiraya na badhe uski chinta he 2300 jobs ki nahi ager airline kiraya .
cum putem ti dac copiii notri i dezvolt vorbirea ntr un mod sntos  potrivit vrstei lor  vorbirea este dif .
 adtormentum doar sa nu fie o victimizare controlata de securisti  ca sa le consolideze firavul si debusolatul elec .
dac suntei n cluj i v plimbai fr o int prin centru  v atept peste dou ore la cluj cowork s vorbim des .
aceast boal cauzat de pine afecteaz tot mai muli romni  mergei imediat la medic dac avei simptomele astea .
 tt197  jeff11069676  danieidean  lstandwithllhan  alterhan  consofcooking1  fnicholasr  yoop3rman  akvawe66 .
  iltmf pai in contextul ila hainele sunt la persoans a 3a  daca conjugi verbul ila la pers 3a va fi hainele se usu .
dac eti n pan de idei pentru a drui un cadou unei persoane speciale  o cutie cu macarons  ampanie rose  lavan .
 toppsta  amhowellwrites  kirstyapplebaum  domrosevalente  darrensimpson44  kidsbloomsbury  usborne  nosycrowbooks .
dac suntei n cluj i v plimbai fr o int prin centru  v atept peste dou ore la cluj cowork s vorbim des .
esti bogat daca ai angajati o noua lectie de afaceri .
9 ceva ciudat     daca vei freca un catel de usturoi pe fiecare unghie acestea vor creste mai repede  lasa usturoiul .
 balarii  ziardecluj catedrala aia nu e numai un monument al frantei  ci al intregii lumi   nu te obliga nimeni sa .
 leoburghezul man daca le copiezi  te rog eu pune si sursa    mersi .
dieta   dietele extreme  mai ales cele sarace in proteine pot cauza o fragilitate a unghiilor  ceea ce incetineste pr .
generatia de azi   ma duc sa fac sex cu ala ca nu mai pot si daca se lasa cu o sarcina  fac avort .
 realdonaldtrump sir  please  no daca  e verify   no birthright  get voting fixed   wall  you promised this country .
remember when my opponents were saying that daca is not obstruction .
the daca program was illegal  but it was also bad from a long term policy perspective  rewarding people who violate .
acesta este tnrul din botoani  zvoritea  care i a strigat lui liviu dragnea c psd ul nu a fcut nimic pentru p .
 officetzetze nici daca erau crescute pe luna   si nu aveau pretul asta  .
esti fan adevarat selly daca ai plans cand  piesa mod avion a fost data jos.
  dac devii interesat de sensul i voaloarea vieii  eti bolnav freud   dac n ai reuit s devii  nc nu ai devenit om  me.
 ruxyghimp vezi dac nu este hotline .
 shotemall nu am nimic impotriva acelora care iau un ajutor social pe merit  ns pentru putori i ar obliga sa munc .
 alexmanoiu1 si daca le ar taia ajutorul  tot exista antena 3 si rtv   .
dac vezi c muntele vine spre tine  i nu eti mahomed  fugi     e avalan .
 shotemall daca i ar pune la munca de unde crezi ca si ar mai lua partidele voturile  mai bine lasa sa avem 500 de .
daca recipient being petitioned by lpr parents questions  process question .
delir pesedist  dragnea i a avertizat pe romni dac vor vota aliana 2020 usr plus   risc s rmn fr case  te .
ta e svi oni nalozi daca nokti  jeca nails itd  sad    .
pa koji bi ja vikenda bio kad ogate konje  verne dacu vie je daa kao daia  i leu moju zlatnu kosaicu  ne bih istimario   .
persoana responsabil de vnzri vorbete   o va furniza supermarketului etc  dac ajunge  dei depinde de pete  c .
se ntoarce la portul su la nceputul lunii iunie la sfritul lunii mai dac este devreme i se ateapt s fie d .
un muzeu tare frumos ntr o localitate n care nu se ntmpl nimic  cum obinuiesc eu s spun despre cheia    mer .
ai animal de companie perfect  joca te cu el  fa i baie daca e nevoie   da i de mancare sau fa o plimbare cu el     .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls   state politics    .
 silviufoca  ionutzelgabriel  neamielualarau  rmalutan  victore64933334  engambament  itmorar  veronicaelena20 .
unii ma intreaba cu ce ma ocup     daca le spun ca cu nimic  e ciudat  pentru ca fac ceva  totusi  .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 tell djt 2 give daca their citizenship  amp  he .
dac i tratezii angajatul ca pe un sclav pierzi  o lecie de antreprenoriat epe  a doua lecie  autosabitajul   .
 no daca  breitbartnews thats great news  hopefully no more welfare or assistance of any kind .
10 obiceiuri simple  care i vor schimba viaa dac le faci zilnic .
cand zic bismilah domnul oancu peppino zice pe programul meu si contul meu  ah o stoarfa  20 de ani unde a fost  i .
daca eu ma gandesc la fifty shades atunci cand smiley canta     nu stiu ce mi ai facut  ca m a durut  dar mi a p .
a nceput seria a doua de calificri pentru etapa iii din campionatul naional i balcanic de vitez pe circuit  .
daca ajunge albumul pana marti   atunci poate posta romana are niste drepturi .
 marywalterradio i loved your show last night  ive never heard reparations framed with daca  it was beautiful .
cine s cumpere dac o mn de oameni dein mai mult de jumtate din banii lumi i clieni   .
dac n viaa de zi cu zi nu am alt treab n afar de crescutul copilului  mcar n vis s mai fac i eu cte cev .
te superi daca te intreb de ce esti suprat  no da  cei asta  .
gsit problema i nu i la om ci la angajator  dac nu dau salariul bun nu exist cumprtori  sunt mai muli angaja .
 twayoon dac vedeai ce facem eu in camps   contrabanda cu strongbow   pastile de alergi sparte pe icoane cu carcasa de .
e logic c angajatori i dau singurii peste picior  dac ei opresc toi bani din piaa   adevratul cumprtor car .
adica daca ma duc eu in china nu mai merge sau merge pt ca nu s cetatean.
cte tweeturi cu  dac m ar placea crushul ar fi de cacat  mai trebuie sa fac ca sa se intample .
 daca m as trezi maine cu el la antrenamente  l as imbratisa  e unul dintre cei mai buni din liga 1         teja  despr .
ca necalificat faci toat munca grea  nu tiu dac ai lucrat pe antier  dar necalificatul e un sclav .
sunt curios daca apar reclame electoarale cu  si  cu alde pe torrent  ca ale psd se lafaie acolo de circa o luna .
dragnea despre ce i ar fi spus lui oamenii  chiar dac te aresteaz  venim i te scoatem de acolo   tot dragnea  m .
europa liber la mnstire  sunt surd preacuvioase  dac dau mai ncet nu aud   .
 chreqs lmao fuck em daca sunt biei probabil aveau pla mai mic dect bretonul tau iar daca sunt fete probabil au .
arta de a guverna   noi nu am luat o decizie  dar eu cred c dac am votat o dat guvernul  primul guvern grindeanu .
 kolat ca priveste pentru o clipa si invers  o unire cu a basarabiei cu romania ar introduce pe loc in ue o multime .
 hirjabaa jur ba frate si daca i trimit un meme handicapat de pe scriitorul imd rade pai fmm.
 seriouslyroli it seems that especially with daca recipients they are almost blaming americans for their situation  .
 seriouslyroli i m not trying to be rude at all but in the end all daca recipients should realize that america is b .
cum si caute de munc dac sunt pltii  s nu munceasc  e logic nu  dar se schimb mecheria    .
  du constantin  de ce nu ai iubit  cnd te nsori       dac m ajut dumnezeu   nici anu sta  truestory.
bucharest international 10k 2019  conferinta de presa  bucharest 10k 2019   cursa este duminica  21 aprilie 2019  dac .
bucharest international 10k 2019  conferinta de presa  bucharest 10k 2019   cursa este duminica  21 aprilie 2019  dac .
bucharest international 10k 2019  conferinta de presa  bucharest 10k 2019   cursa este duminica  21 aprilie 2019  dac .
  du constantin  de ce nu ai iubit  cnd te nsori       dac m ajut dumnezeu   nici anu sta   truestory.
                   .
 jucaurma esto fue antes o despus de que separaras el mar rojo  dac ar fi fost dup aceea  va trebui s confies .
daca doriti sa revedeti    .
 lazem cim zinem stvarno   hahahaha  pozdravi daa  voli ga djevojka najvie.
eu daca  stau la colti de buzau in gospodaria bunicilor si imi intra ursul in curte   pina cind sa ma casapeasca el .
 seriouslyroli i think that daca recipients should just start their journey to becoming american citizens like any .
daca simti nevoia weekendul acesta de un film mai light  un film care sa te faca sa plangi si sa razi si sa speri i .
 seriouslyroli and all daca as well as any other immigrants should and must accept the limits that america has put .
 emsleon of both daca and a pathway to citizenship  as you stated in your previous tweets.
 seriouslyroli daca is meant to help the children who are brought here by their parents illegally  a sticking point .
 seriouslyroli when talking about daca recipients the same as the millions of people invading this country is not t .
statul te d afar dac vorbeti  de ce a fost concediat asistenta prot     via  youtube.
if youre undocumented or a daca recipient  amp  youre involved in the cannabis industry  even if its legal  it will b .
 tomchanick youre right  no country is forced to take people in  but inconsistencies between what the administrati .
 sri atunci daca abraham sta pe contul meu uhmshabaka de ce omar nu il omoara pe el si ma asasineaza lent pe mine .
 seriouslyroli i m talking about the daca recipients receiving some form of legal status in this country  not a gre .
 jjfarrier  angelabelcamino  aoc don t dare to say daca students get so many privileges  cause that s a lie.
am un anun i un concurs pe baz de jocuri playstation pentru voi     anunul     dac v bate gndul s v luai un .
 savagenamu stai ca acum am observat    arata ciudat dac te uii asa   hope next time they ll update it it will be smth with pastels.
 emsleon can a person with only their daca documentation apply for citizenship .
 tomchanick for all intents and purposes the daca program is alive and well  just not accepting new applicants .
 tomchanick im talking about the daca recipients looking at the aforementioned proposal as a worse alternative to .
 gigi becali despre varianta devis mangia la fcsb  vine doar dac vrea mihai teja s plece   gazeta sporturilor .
 seriouslyroli when you say get in and be approved are you talking about new daca recipients as an ongoing program  .
 tacicadau ai zis lasa bre  noi sa fim sanatosi  dar cum sa fii tu sanatos daca tu fumezi .
 tomchanick it wouldnt hurt  but i have a strong feeling  given his past actions and statements on daca  that his .
 tomchanick the daca deal that was proposed then would implement stricter qualifications to get in and be approved .
 seriouslyroli he said that a year ago after asking democrats 2 give him money for the border wall  he offered to h .
 seriouslyroli i think that if the daca recipients had a permanent claim to america that daca recipients would just .
dac va accepta delia provocarea i va intra la joc  dup ce va afla ce i a propus magicianul  telespectatorii pot .
nici nu i trebuie mai mult    dac te in genunchii sa urci la etaj .
 realdonaldtrump illegal immigration  including daca  takes opportunity away from americans  amp  legal residents  .
 tomchanick things were done  at the very least  daca was passed  that alone is more direct  positive action for im .
deco kolujte se za nova moderna zanimanja  .
 tomchanick i recognize it is  and thats why proper screening  like how its done for the daca process  is necessary .
dac amenzile ar fi minim 10 000 de lei  iar permisul suspendat pentru minim un an  babuinii ar putea fi mai uor  .
v atept cu like i un subscribe dac v a plcut          zec2019 .
the u s  would benefit from the dream and promise act  this is the kind of permanent solution we need   heretostay .
nu neleg  vor s dea fiecrei gospodrii din moldova cte 20 000 de lei        tuturor  indiferent dac au nevoie sau .
 repost  cozamalocihuatl with  get repost      este  viernestradicional nos conectamos con la lucidsima eileen trua .
 tomchanick there are already sensible bills that would solve many of the problems with the current immigration and .
our goal is to stable the future of many daca recipients   if you stand for the this  help us by signing this pet .
visele pot deveni realitate daca muncesti indeajuns pentru ele     wesucceedtogether  joinus .
ammanul e un bazar ntins pe coline  ca o rom uitat n orient  dac v place s v trguii i cnd cumprai o p .
poi vedea doar dac deschizi ochii  i poi deschide ochii doar dac i dai drumul ataamentului fa de somn  cn .
cum iti dai seama daca esti pe drumul cel bun in aventura de a fi parinte .
mai sunt 5 bilete    5 copii care au nevoie de noi     ct costa visul unui copil cu dizabilitati     va spun eu    vis .
how weird  im still able to renew my daca despite it being apparently over  .
mereu mi s a parut ca daca am pierdut o chestie  in acelasi timp am si ctigat ceva.
 reclaimers76  no daca  breitbartnews entitlements like what .
 sabihomar  attazahedi  tusk81 its actually not  currently as daca stands  there is no path to citizenship.
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 19 2019 .
stiti povestea cu hotul care striga hotul    e tot mai greu sa porti o discutie civilizata cu oamenii care efectiv au .
keep daca recipients here  find a solution  where is this new solution at   msw52101 .
 jillycocoapops  pattya f  markgeistswp  speakerpelosi  doing something  anything    gop walls  repeal replace  dru .
 jessenia0812  change youre doing amazing  whether youre a daca recipient or not i wish you the bestttt.
jimmy kimmel faces off with maga fools  embraces daca family  via  youtube.
 emsleon  motivated to keep on renewing my daca  to keep on advocating for positive legislation and policy that wil .
 adevarul ce vor i tia  salarii de medici  mar la privat dac nu le convine .
dac exist un aliment care poate fi numit sfnt  acesta trebuie s fie chia  pline de vitamine i minerale  ajutn .
deci dac tiam c o s mi bag pula in anul asta de facultate i ca o sa m mut la alta facultate anul trecut  m .
hello all  please support my groups  policy class  advocacy campaign regarding  daca  our goal is to stabilize the .
 tomchanick i wasnt aware that my daca status and continued support for the program and expansions to it counts as nothing in return.
mare atenie  se schimb vrsta de pensionare pentru mii de romni  vezi dac eti vizat    .
.
they dont take away from us rather they continue to contribute into the economy  heretostay  daca  dreamers .
 rowie6717  krassenstein good point  it was very ethical of president obama to mislead us citizens about obamacare  .
 ericswalwell we all know youre just trying to make a buck  why didnt you speak up when barack obama unlawfully m .
dac ne gndim la un complex care ajut la funcionarea normal a venelor  capilarelor i vaselor limfatice i care .
nimic fr dumnezeu      nu lsa pe mine  ce poi face azi     om bun  amp  ru dac e cazul   .
nu m uit la game of thrones  dar umbl triceanu pe aici i ntreab n stnga i n dreapta dac mai triete jon .
 ryanafournier  arizona momma  potus has been herding the left like sheep  they voted down daca when he offered it  .
dac simi c te sufoci ntr un loc  schimb locul  sufoc te n alt parte   .
o mostr din ceea ce va urma dac paok ia titlul duminic seara  .
e foarte important s faci femeile s rd     totui  dac i reuete faza asta cnd te dezbraci  nu este un semn prea bun   .
 sethmeyers where did the video of this go  thought for sure i watched it on  youtube not long ago  so funny  like .
1 fii atent la ore           daca esti atent la ore o sa nelegi mai bine lecia       2 fa exerciii suplimentare acasa .
daca is called me  old   when an agent lisa page s texts  even before the unity as well theyve taken so bad.
am decis ca de azi inainte sa las trecutul in urma  asa ca  daca iti datorez bani     imi pare rau  .
 madrasputnik  d si iarasi daca vrei cel mai realist rpg si plin de istorie  fara nimic fantasy  sa incerci kingdom come deliverance.
dac este desenat de tine s tii c este foarte frumos  da mai am desene dar maimult ma axez pe muzica .
a  letitheruiva me ensino a daa funk que role eh esse.
 muhammadlax i was referring to the status of some immigrants that always been in limbo like daca and tps  obv we h .
 terrastar   blue saphire5 iar bagi hace     nu puteam sa te contactez pn acum pe ytb ca mna  nu sunt prieteni ge .
saudades da eoca que eu daca pt e ficava dn  thor.
cum iti dai seama daca esti pe drumul cel bun in aventura de a fiparinte .
v recomandm s urmrii  dac putei i dorii  emisiunea  diferentesiesente sambata  20 aprilie 2019  de la ora .
lime sau lmie   lime ul sau lmia au numeroase beneficii pentru organismul tu  ns nu i pentru ten  dac pui .
dac prostia ar fi joc  fostul meu ar fi fost hacker .
pui la story  ct ii la mine i dac nu rspunde crush l tergi     gen suntei penibile .
 4     pay   daca youth   4 undermining amer institutions  intel  fbi  msm   amp  more   5 attack dems doing job of ove .
simona halep o va intalni astazi pe kristina mladenovic in fed cup  la ce rezultat sa ne asteptam  apreciem daca ne .
 killerene jajdhahs es q me daca todaa tristeza predonf.
 infowarunited  no daca it s probably not very hard  .
horoscop 20 aprilie 2019  situaia ar putea deveni foarte grav dac nu se discut cu sinceritate .
 glin    emil botta   pentru clody bertola    i viermii    de o strlucire vscoas    viermii   care au dat de mrul .
fl  al  tn  ms  oh continues   fifth  critical policies are impacted by the presidency  daca  womenrights .
criza politica din r m  poate fi rezolvata in cateva ore daca ar dori fraumerkel  .
the democrats latest plan gives  amnesty to already deported  daca illegals   nationalsecurity  buildthewall .
 53keppi  juudddith most undocumented have daca which also alows them to have a good social which then allows them .
massive overflow crowd and at around 50   an independent counsel  just out  but fake news is the people about daca  would.
breitbart  trump voters burning maga hats  .
now playing    puya si ava   daca fetele s ar cuceri cu scoala y spcs mp3   listen here  .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       donotabandonrojava .
protesters drown out nancy pelosi .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       we ll be taken ca .
 pnjaban  drawandstrike  realdonaldtrump if he had opposed daca when barack obama announced it   mittromney would be president today .
 stephenathome oh my            bobby d is  awesome     man o man literally on the floor        the art of the de .
preedintele igor dodon susine c nu este un show men ca s mearg la dezbateri cu andrei nstase  dar nici nu ved .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      mystery lingers ar .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      us  what does the .
 funder fix daca.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      mueller uncovered .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  banks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      trump feared one of t .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      the mueller report .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      explore a detailed .
care  om dintre voi  dac are o sut de oi i pierde pe una din ele  nu las pe celelalte nouzeci i nou pe isla .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 build the wall and zero tolerance  if illega .
 baudeter1  onewalleee  kg eternally lol  so yeah  you do just agree with anyone vaguely supportive of trump  this .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump in case you struggle with the math  ryan    that makes his decisions to legislate from .
 repost  cozamalocihuatl with  get repost      este  viernestradicional nos conectamos con la lucidsima eileen trua .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      what a watergate e .
rochie ieftina albastru deschis casual scurta de zi mulata pe corp realizata din bumbac cu striatii     .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      fact check  what a .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
and obama only acted at all because these daca recipients called his bluff  they were saying he was lying and would .
that s why they haven t mentioned daca 4 6 months  they only start making those promises as the election draws near .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      us democrats subpo .
 goy talk usa on top of stacking the deck in their favor  you help out by  backing israel with billions of more dol .
 sorinpopescu  si daca joci in deplasare    .
daca  illegal alien sentenced for sexually exploiting women in northern virginia   prostitution started each week o .
middle east involve killing  shooting  and i ain t nothing change  i put the daca expires  if i rob them.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      robert mueller in .
 bioodijne  straightforsel  rainiyonce  micaelguerriero give me one time shes advocated for daca baby you look l .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      robert mueller s r .
 selxvogue  straightforsel  rainiyonce  micaelguerriero exactly latinx issues  hence daca  racism  immigration   i .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      total bulls     .
 selxvogue  straightforsel  rainiyonce  micaelguerriero give me one time shes advocated for daca  for the racism e .
 losingmynerv  ryboy87  thequartering 1 i said thats his go to example    2 they where brought as kids  dont speak th .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      robert mueller fai .
remember when my opponents were saying that daca is not only fake news  its fake science .
self admission of guilt  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
only 15397 hours until the end of president trump s first term   drumpf  daca  trumpcountdown.
fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      elizabeth warren b .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      a darker portrait .
 mainstrmdeprted  marilyn71187  vp  whitehouse yes those soldiers on the daca program that fought your wars for you .
 whatsth61068280  no daca  breitbartnews a disruption  also to make other democrats think their so kind  future vot .
  asp1re   ryboy87  thequartering and it s hilarious you would compare daca to the holocaust or slavery  they re in .
 reagans legacy  docbarry1  potus  rove rove and romney aren t republicans  coulter wants the border secured  a wal .
texas bill would fine men  100 each time they masturbate  haha   maga  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
 nathan  1  dineshdsouza i understand  nathan   i couldn t believe the clap trap 0bama peddled  he flooded our coun .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  banks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      trump blasts  crazy  m .
 losingmynerv  ryboy87  thequartering i didnt really just mean this clip   if a group is trying to deny rights to o .
 agerpres ardealul avea autostrzi pna acum dac rmnea n ungaria       nu i suportm noi pe unguri  dar sunt cu 50 .
 impeachtrump is necessary 2 fulfill the promise of our founding fathers thru the constitution  flipthesenate 2020 .
 impeachtrump might be a good thing 4 the  gop  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      democrats reject w .
 sabihomar  tusk81 that s exactly what daca is for  read the actual act  it s a path to citizenship which is what he is on .
 no daca  breitbartnews seriously he shouldnt have to seek for this crap  illegals should be excluded from all enti .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  banks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      alexandria ocasio cort .
 mainstrmdeprted  marilyn71187  vp  whitehouse daca is over  asylum is bs  lol first you pass the laws and sign the .
 shenwood55  twzinger  aclu  writestruths and what about daca dreamers .
 mfcav01  nikhilgoya l seriously  i heard all about it and the debate around it  he was nicknamed the  deporter in  .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      trump vetoes measu .
 hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain mi .
ag barr gave dems a chance to see some redacted portions of mueller s report  they said no   .
 ruggiere l  no daca  breitbartnews who knows    why are we doing this    big business needs cheap labor    we cert .
 ewarren our borders are being invaded with irresposible immigration  daca  health care  places like yuma hospitals .
 bitatgjiu70 dac nu e cu ciocolat o poti mnca toata  dac era cu ciocolat trebuia sa o mpari cu mine .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary grapple with duties of legislation   what damn legislation   democrats have done no .
mecheri cu parfum de dam  unde luzdele fac treaba de brbai  dac s ar face un film ar rde toi interlopi care se respect .
 louisianafinan1  rebelscum5  realjameswoods thats exactly what the dems did on the first shut down for daca  not .
 no daca  breitbartnews i wonder how many of them were criminals and or terrorists .
 funder give citizenship status to daca applicants and ban military grade rifles.
 no daca  breitbartnews not helping   .
 no daca  breitbartnews no sh t who gave it to them to begin with .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 senschumer daca what .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 no daca  reclaimers76  sydneykgbt  realdonaldtrump  anncoulter  endbirthrightcitizenship  mandatoryeverify  stopvisaoverstays.
 unitedwedream  no daca thanks for protecting criminals in our country    democratsaredestroyingamerica .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 no daca  smalltownandrew couldn t we all    .
plcinta corupiei organizat  oameni cu funcii legale i ilegale  lumea va tie v am dat n gt dar e o mic part .
 alexmipego  marilyn71187  vp  whitehouse fransisco trinidad is 1 jerk i know on daca runs an illegal construction .
 mattgaetz  repandybiggsaz complain to the president who rejected a bipartisan compromise with wall money a year ag .
trupa de hip hop care a pus ferentari pe hart  pentru a doua oar la romnii au talent  clinescu  s moar mam .
the democrats latest plan gives  amnesty to already deported  daca illegals   nationalsecurity  buildthewall .
 luckytobeme3  scott53747017  vivangel999 yep  potus tried to make a deal for daca  they refused and demanded to be .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 unitedwedream  no daca great that your helping out people who broke the law against your own country     woohoo   good job .
dac nu putei ajuta cu bani  va rugam sa distribuiti  vldu are nevoie urgent de ajutor  la doar 6 ani  a fost d .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 getemthehellout  realdonaldtrump     the whole country is moving left       6     recent liberal victories       nov  8  2018 .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump maybe you should do some work  democrats talk a lot about a permanent daca fix and the pl .
 alexmipego  marilyn71187  vp  whitehouse wrong  daca is over  asylum is bs  few are justified  amp  now virtually drow .
 daca  aclu  gop      are the children ok  are they safe       are they getting enough to eat  are they crying in the night .
 gopchairwoman on healthcare too  oh  don t forget benghazi  fast  amp  furious  daca      to iran  ukraine  china  nor .
dac problema lumii e trdarea i corupia   s tii c epe are soluia  i e o mega surpriz   p s  votai un zeu.
knock  knock   who s there    daca   daca who    dreamers that are getting screwed by their democrat representatives   don t .
 alexburnsnyt  maggienyt  tomsteyer but everyone knew her as nancy  big tough california girl doesnt want to go ou .
 sydneykgbt  no daca george soros .
eu mi a face bagajele de pe acum c dac fugii cnd mi voi pune inelul prezidenial pe degeel  dau drumul la cini.
 silentrunning12 from daca to the mueller report  evety time the democrats get exactly what they ask for  they eith .
have questions about your rights or need daca representation  private message jason for answers to your legal quest .
 tritoguile  cnn  realdonaldtrump daca is an illegal action  saying i have a pen and a phone to circumvent congress is illegal.
 thankful for  nydreamact        immigration  immigrant  undocumented  ny  education  heretostay  dreamer  immigrad .
glad i was able to host a quick know your rights   daca  amp  tps update with fellow students at unlv  its important t .
ct ar ctiga statul romn dac ar introduce educaia sexual n coli .
 pattymurray dear lady   eb5 investors need your help  their children are or are about to over age  they are like t .
 sheriffclarke no executive order for babies born to illegals   no end to daca or catch and release   no new w .
do you say ac dc or aka daca  you re not a savage are you .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder they never tried getting hit by my car   .
nu i asta nelepciune divin  mare problem a noastr cine conduce dac cu toi vrem s fim efi  crem o lege fizic i o urmm k1 .
dac vom urmri steaua vom da de dumnezeu i nu i ducem daruri mit .
n epe cine numai doar dac accidenteaz pe trecerea de pietoni va face 20de pucrie  suntei adormii  las c v .
 teeklin  anncoulter there is no labor shortage in this country   many illegal aliens  including daca illegals  com .
 weketchum  bobbysessions agreed  my music is a semblance of commercially viable  amp  deep music  i just believe thing .
 knorrmelvin  ericswalwell who who again has negotiating skills my 16 ur old boys can negotiate better then the con .
doi beivi scot un om pe jumatate necat dintr un lac     vezi  aa peti dac bei ap.
succesul se obine ca i fericirea  mai curnd dac apare ca efect colateral  dect ca int obsesiv     .
bro dac faceai tiktokuri erai oricum penibil da dac te ai apucat de tiktok ca e in trend eti vai de mm tai smr eu vomit.
chiar ma intrebam daca exista si video cu faza asta    aparent avem video si cu ce s a intamplat dupa schimbul de rep .
our amazing immigration resources team members gigi and audrey will spend all day at the adelanto ice processing ce .
 seanhannity  realdonaldtrump mc of sw 45 is deflecting again      dont take the bait        no deal on daca    no d .
 daca  scholarship  1000 .
 rmconservative  no daca this jiggery pokery bullshit is mind blowing  whats worse  our idiotic compliance with thi .
 evellynellen6 vai daa asim pra mi aqui vi linda.
  andra          daca ai firul de par gros atunci e mai ok  una doua decolorari nu sunt atat de grave.
 gapsjoy  scottfantasy  realdonaldtrump  jdawsey1  dnc  washingtonpost aca  iran  daca  benghazi  irs fast and furi .
vasile rmbu evit s spun tranant dac va candida n alegeri .
tienes daca  entrate lo que debes saber sobre  daca  si tienes dudas  acrcate a tu consulado de mxico ms cerca .
 alabamabluegir1  aukraine06  repbyrne yes  the regulations obama put in plus nk plus iran   plenty of mess  daca i .
cele mai misto femei sunt cele care stiu ce cum si pe cine vor si au curajul sa zica direct  si sa faca prim pas da .
 rutledge9494  aukraine06  repbyrne daca is fair and compassionate  its the christian thing to do  there is no pro .
 joegiudice is being deported  brought here as a baby  he didn t know he wasn t here legally       why aren t the .
 political disco  anncoulter he can deport daca recipients  they were not born here  he is trying to do that  per his executive order .
 alabamabluegir1  aukraine06  repbyrne he encouraged and gave us daca which was is illegal   he hates the us and wa .
 repcummings  morning joe why dont you get to work on first finding out why and who is responsible for this hoax  .
 speakerpelosi  repdebdingell yet ni legislation proposed  passed  and signed into law  no legislation to address t .
fernando martinez of portland  maine is a daca recipient majoring in biology at the university of southern maine  a .
 stiripesurse ro pi  dac tot zvrle dumniezo drguu cu pietroaie n noi  ce atta stres cu diesel  fluor i efect de ser .
 repmattgaetz  no daca and for the last 30 years  no one  not democrat or republican has done anything but talk abo .
 emmagoleapahare stiu   ma crezi ca am stat pana acum sa caut daca e vreun mod de decolorare a parului fara sa il d .
 gatewaypundit  aoc strange how these democrats seem to overlook benghazi  fast and furious   400mm sent on a jet t .
  andra      cuin din propria experienta iti sugerez sa nu  mai ales daca vrei blond pentru ca o sa iti distruga pa .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump and you and  speakerpelosi should work on getting  daca recipients what they were prom .
watch this  renew your  daca today          and then subscribe   via  youtube.
 no daca  fairimmigration  dcexaminer 45  is a fair rate .
 lolgop  joanwalsh when is the daca vote  senatorcollins.
image  if the democrats would have spent the last two years working with trump to fix all of the current problems l .
 hispaniccaucus  no daca  icegov if you cross illegally you get nothing  you are not a citizen so you have no right .
 mikel jollett  marsupialme while we impeach which would take till nov it would suck oxygen on msm  amp  soc media  wha .
 teampelosi oh hon  mr pen  amp  phone obama went around congress on the bergdahl trade  the iran deal  daca   the pari .
raspundem daca suntem intrebati  .
am fcut asta    sau nu aveam minute naionale i sunam de pe cosmoteul lui mami dac persoana era pe cosmote .
 robreiner i think obama did a criminal offense with daca   he even admitted it wasn t legal but you dems are so bl .
obama signals violent thugs to riot over daca  trump shuts him down with a nasty surprise   .
kamala harris was the 1st senate democrat to announce she d vote against any spending deal that did not include a d .
el grupo de whatsapp de toma y daca es una maravilla  son grandes compaeros y aprendo cosas  y me agendo los telf .
 silicasun  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
 rajoviculazare vidji koga ces od sad zvat umjesto daca.
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
the democrats latest plan gives  amnesty to already deported  daca illegals   nationalsecurity  buildthewall .
uite  dac tot v vietai c se doneaz pentru notre dame  putei ncepe cu 2 euro aici  .
doar pe mine ma ustura limba daca mananc prea mult ananas  .
some daca members will be at the dorsetgallery art  amp  craft show in wareham tomorrow why not go along and take a loo .
 esmeg1010 the government isnt accepting any new applications for daca  but you can still renew it .
 fretsward  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder this has gone on for years  once delivered mothers .
cum iti dai seama daca ai meningita   simptomele care te anunta ca ar trebui sa mergi urgent la medic   .
deci  baiete    daca vrei    pot sa fiu rose a ta    invata ma sa scuip .
 librariesamirit si atata e ceva  dar sunt sigura ca iti vei mai strange  chiar daca e intr un ritm lent.
awake  gop  amp   dems    2020 could end your service     wethepeople sent  potus as warning     party politics  war 4 .
podemos asistirte y gestionar todo lo referente a visas de trabajo   procesos de residencia  ciudadana  tps  petic .
daca as lua o copie   as putea spune versiunea 2 hmm.
 funder be best and pardon  daca kids.
 clotilde armand ntreab cineva aici dac e un lucru ru    rosturi de  dilataie    proprietatea materialelor de a i .
 detournemen actually i don t do drug s  so wrong again troll  america has legal citizen s   dreamer s who should b .
 hispaniccaucus  no daca  icegov no one forced these people to enter america  not eating will make no difference in .
 iulian68 io o mai testez din cnd n cnd tocmai pentru c vreau s vd dac cineva mi o face mie s fie ct mai m .
 marionwinterset  anncoulter but we have a serious labor shortage and you just said that he was  and i quote   the .
we should just cancel the daca and just give it to trump.
efa reprezentanei comisiei europene n romnia  angela cristea  face campanie  dac nu votai voi pentru viitorul .
we battle back  amp  forth on immigration  security is the buzz word  but it s a false  bad choice  developing a positi .
we battle back  amp  forth on immigration  security is the buzz word  but it s a false  bad choice  developing a positi .
 charliekirk11  ivankatrump not so fast   she and her husband jared are the reason we we still have daca  refugees .
does anyone know if daca is still being accepted  renewed or what the stand of it is   im trying to propose a poli .
 jeffmerkley your druling jeff   if you only worked this hard for your citizens   bullied the wall now   no daca no .
medicina la tara  daca medicul zice sa nu mai bei si iti da pastile pentru ficat  iei doza dubla si bei in continuare  .
 cum poti incheia mai bine o zi de   sailing prin   grecia daca nu cu o  bere  mythos urmata de o  cina cu spec .
mesaj prepascal dedicat exclusiv barbatilor depresivi                                                                 .
 cis org the days i had to root for a baby murdering democrat twice to stop daca was when i had to reavaluat what is realy going on .
 agnesbookbinder and then there s  arthurschwartz who ghostwrote trump s art of the deal and donates all royalties .
 bxbysash a da     daca ma duc inapoi acolo sa stii ca nu mai ai cum sa vorbesti cu mine.
msm lies  6     gt priebus resigningfail    gt manafort firingfail    gt kelly controlling trumpfail    gt scaramucci firingfail    gt b .
deci daca se mai pierde o calificare nu e nimic ca oricum nu s a mers la rio    made in sleahta emerita de 10 a gim .
 silicasun  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
cum iti dai seama daca esti pe drumul cel bun in aventura de a fi parinte .
nu ltra dac nu eti pregtit s muti  .
ma intreb daca dumnezeu ar fi un fraier daca ne ar mai fi placut .
 black mixed obama  he had the momentum and the backing to truly do something for the black community in america an .
 phil mckraken  seniorboobies  yoop3rman  bootz adams  fnicholasr  jeff11069676  aiicerobinson  fourfactssake .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder these kleptomaniacs are coming here in their .
 repjerrynadler how about getting on with important legislation like immigration  the wall funding  roads and bridg .
cic ascult rap de calitate  dar dac o ntreb de migos ma ntreab ce sos este   .
 t s p o o k y  funder also a serious question  when will dens actually get back to work and pass serious legislati .
daca iisus ar fi fost crucificat in   antebrat ar fi murit in cateva minute din cauza hemoragiei    locul preferat .
incompeten n comunicare  disperare sau tupeu  au fcut cte 7 km pe an din autostrada turda sebe i au ales o c .
 kausmickey  anncoulter please no more  daca  enddacanow they are taking over our schools  universities and jobs fo .
 goodfriday daca will not come before this  docket number is addressed before the courts of the united states of am .
remember students who have been granted daca can now use their ssn to complete the free application for federal stu .
 daninhodj  alex tikitaka  adriana09265133  tikitaka ro hmmm     n buletin sunt b  ioan adrian  dac i ea e adria .
the us military will spend up to  1 billion to build 57 miles of trumps border wall       .
dac voi nu m vrei eu v vreau  mike pompeo anun c va continua negogierile cu coreea de nord chiar daca phenia .
remember daca is an american immigration policy that allows some individuals with unlawful presence in the united s .
 spal te pe fata i pe dini mereu    bea mult apa    mnnc sntos    dormi minim 7 ore    demachiaza te de fiecare da .
 no daca  reppeteaguilar lol critisizing israel or a pac isnt anti semtic  money needs to get out of politics wheth .
president trump s incompetence when it comes to immigration issues is appalling and is an embarrassment to all amer .
 rev b wayne  thehill  repraskin  hilltvlive you are brainwashed   he refused an offer on immigration giving all hi .
suntem mari fane 6ix9ine i facem  gang shit uri   ay ay tr3yway  i dac te ntreb cine e tekashi 69 zici c nu t .
 chrispg1216  cnnpolitics yeah  and the green deal   amp  free college  amp  healthcare for all  amp  daca and the muller repor .
secretarul de stat american mike pompeo a informat c eforturile statelor unite  privind denuclearizarea  continu  .
.
finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor babies  .
 speakerpelosi  repdebdingell you have done nothing but resist   border  zero  imigration  zero   daca  zero  resis .
 bogdantatuta dac eti prost  te uit mai greu lumea  .
remember daca students and homelesss legal immigrant  american born students       remember daca got more help from the .
 hudgov  nidhiprakash  buzzfeednews  secretarycarson ben carson said he doesnt know why daca recipients are being .
 ciubotariu dan  eljijinews  basarab84 iohannis  basescu    sa fie judecai dac sunt gsii vinovai  iohannis ave .
 hudgov explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishing daca recipients by denying .
 lucasdaca disponha  daca  ficamos felizes que deu tudo certo  at mais .
 victore64933334  eljijinews  basarab84 la emisiunea eugeniei vod  proasptul primar al sibiului spunea c un prim .
.
.
daca not only benefits its recipients  but also everyone  do not let  realdonaldtrump take it away from us   defenddaca  cmci1010.
 victore64933334  eljijinews  basarab84 foarte interesant varianta penal civil  dac chemi oamenii la vot  e penal .
trump offered 1 8 million daca kids citizenship    nancy and chuck said no    blexit      let s be one america    but we st .
daca ii de la cluj  atunci e talent pur   romaniiautalent.
 ionutzelgabriel merci  la fel pete o saptamana si tie  daca nu esti musulman sau ceva   .
 speakerpelosi you lost  you re now adding insult to injury  what have you got done in 100 days  borders exploding  .
 furrnandosohard daca students are forever champs     orgullo hispano   .
degeaba te superi pe mn ca nu ti zic ca si eu te iubesc daca ne cunoatem de 3 zile    .
   si daca tot e saptamana patimilor la noi la ortodocsi      ii invit pe toti barbatil autentici    sa suferim impre .
pentru fetele care canta mai ceva decat o girafa ragusita    plz  taceti din gura  iarna daca cantati se trezesc ursii din hibernat   .
our cs department actively supports daca students  i found out only yesterday that they pay out of state tuition  w .
 dreamers  daca  illegalaliens       .
 lenutssb daca nu il am parca nu imi ajunge ceva .
excuse me guys    i have a dear  dear cousin with no social media or bank account who is undocumented and needs assis .
 egoldmanrevolt dissolve ice and put the cbp under the office of interior       have future presidents put only daca re .
 trmite  paisano perdiste tu visa  licencia de trabajo o tarjeta de daca  tranquilo  en  conexinmigrante te de .
 daninhodj incerc si eu  na    nu stiu daca o fac atat de bine    dar daca zici asta inseamna ca nu o fac foarte ra .
 cnnpolitics good luck   homelessness and daca kids can wait .
its a great day for all of us  thedacafilm   were celebrating the successful dissertation defense of .
 blissfull8674  senschumer  realdonaldtrump illegals do not get benefits   undocumented immigrants  including daca .
undocumented students without daca do not hold a work permit so when it comes to co op season it gets funky bcz th .
 bigpapa6172  dubyapeigh  michaellane s  walshfreedom so you support universal healthcare  tuition assistance  amp  job .
 protvtalent eram curios daca sunt selectate automat comentariile    .
 njcedv  senatorbooker  senatormenendez unlike current 800k daca recipients since i didn t come before 2008  i was .
daca dau  romaniiautalent  apar la tv   .
what happen to your raw emotion about the kids at the border  i haven t heard a peep of exploitation from you guys .
 beeepbeeeeep  notcherbizness  j man63  happycycler  truthsearch1957  yosemiteham1  stand4flag  003a04f8c2054b7 .
 ruggiere l  no daca american military is not allowed to work in the capacity of peace keeping  i disagree with thi .
dac mi dai tag cu numele  d l cum trebuie .
 senatordurbin wow and your not in that same category with your bill with the daca deal        you have no room to talk time for a change    .
 kag1776maga  no daca  txbonniejean  kvmidd67  beard vet  vikingqueen12  bluestatesos  rl9631  tomwick15 .
 no daca  fairimmigration  washtimes nimby nancy.
triceanu  nu se tie dac acest jon snow triete sau nu la final  la cine se refer  .
 lucasdaca oi  daca  sentimos muito pelo inconveniente e gostaramos de ajudar o mais rpido possvel  por questes .
 dreax3b financial education thats the cure to the kryptonite  daca .
 as buzzfeed news reported in december  the department has been quietly denying federal housing loans to daca recip .
 no daca  fairimmigration  foxnews hire more border patrol with background checks  night vision equipment necessary .
joe biden candideaz la alegerile prezideniale din sua  el  l a ameninat pe preedintele petro poroshenko c dac .
 no daca  fairimmigration  newscentermaine once deported put on no enter list  use dna  finger prints and any other .
talent sa fie chiar dac e cu bip.
 no daca  rmconservative  realdonaldtrump if this would work  what is trump waiting for  i guess there s no drama in sending them back .
wow    trump  daca  ice  dreamers  deportations  bornintheusa got  deported anyway   .
 philosophrob remember the deal  speakerpelosi and  senschumer reached with trump about daca  havent heard much ab .
daca o vedeti prin bistrita va rog frumos sa ma anuntati  are o zgarda rosie la gat si raspunde la numele mii .
triceanu  mesaj cu subneles pe facebook  nu se tie dac acest jon snow triete sau nu la final .
iti este dor de un  te iubesc   sincer  atunci de ce nu te uiti in oglinga si sa il rostesti  daca tu nu te iubesti .
 fretsward  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder i would think that proof of citizenship was necessa .
cum pot sa zic ca eu inca tin la o persoana in continuare  daca nu mai stiu cum o cheama  .
 no daca  fairimmigration  theijr lol lol lol lol lol lol.
un prieten din viena caut muncitor sau echip pentru construcia unei toalete i a instalaiei aferente  dac ti .
bursa de valori bucureti a artat intr o analiz recent c  dac economiseti lun de lun 100 de lei  timp de 20 .
bursa de valori bucureti a artat intr o analiz recent c  dac economiseti lun de lun 100 de lei  timp de 20 .
bursa de valori bucureti a artat intr o analiz recent c  dac economiseti lun de lun 100 de lei  timp de 20 .
 teeklin  anncoulter i m advocating no daca   no in state tuition for illegals   have a border that actually is imp .
simona antonescu   nu poi cuta fericirea dac nu i cunoti rdcinile i nu i accepi i ieri pe cei din trecut .
dac n ai avea idee ca e fluierat  chiar sun a nai   romaniiautalent.
 marklutchman  johneng53 last year she had to be surrounded by 6 armed guards just to leave san francisco     illegal .
eu dac vreau s fluier  fluier      romaniiautalent.
video nou    daca aveti video uri preferate pe subiectul muzica le astept mai jos intr un comm    .
 triceanu  nu se tie dac acest jon snow triete sau nu la final  asta nc nu mi e clar   nc o victim a lui george r  r  martin .
daca ar auzi sofia ce gandesc eu acuma s ar muta in china ca sa nu mai aiba twitter.
 eljijinews  ciubotariu dan  basarab84 exista teoria aparentei de drept  pune mna i studiaz  i dau un ex  dac .
 protvtalent dac rmnea la ham talent unul dintre jurai  era mai interesant .
 eljijinews  ciubotariu dan  basarab84 nu a ncasat ilegal chirie  exista aparenta de proprietate  e o spea civil .
in case you missed it  .
only 15405 hours until the end of president trump s first term   daca  faketrumpemergency  trumpcountdown.
de fiecare dat cnd tundem cei 200 mp de gazon pe care i avea casa din pipera m gndeam c nu exist nimic mai t .
daca ii willing mami sa ma ajute evident.
 moonchiidnvm ai adresa mea cum sa ma intrebi daca n am incredere in tine fgdhsjkdjfvbhdjs.
dac la noi e vreme de anglia de vreo dou sptmni  acolo a venit vara  .
 mirelabuzoianu i dac postezi i dac nu postezi  lumea tot te uit .
romnii care locuiesc n marea britanie pot afla detalii despre cum pot achiziiona propria locuin  prin ajutor f .
screenshots  newyork      lunatics are rife in  gop        realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
 no daca  rmconservative  realdonaldtrump no  it wouldn t  a district judge would enjoin it before the ink was dry  .
 eljijinews  rr dxb  ciubotariu dan  basarab84 e vorba despre respect nu despre monarhie  ca nu i imagina nici mi .
daca te pune dracu sa dansezi cu altu alta    cu el ea sa ramai   .
informatii utile pentru calatoriile cu avionul avand ca punct de plecare un aeroport spaniol      dac urmeaz s clt .
 gloriacampos  msnbc help me here  let s see if i can remember some of what this insufferable prick has done    musli .
momentul cela cind deam stai si scrii teza cu compul in pat  ca daca o sa adormi macar sa nu cazi pe masa  .
bani    haine subiri i groase    aparat foto    machiaje  dac eti fat     nclminte    plrie apc   pas .
 the proposed rule is part of a much broader trump administration crackdown on immigration  including at hud  as .
toma y daca.
more bull   t from a lying  cheating  dishonest president   next 1 1 2 years will be  interesting   .
dac te uii n oglind  pn i tu te sperii.
  like dac i tu eti cu ochii pe tiina  hai  bieii        sustinestiinta    campionilasuporteri    asaelacraiova .
 to withhold driving privileges from immigrants is to essentially deprive them of the ability to obtain food  emplo .
show undocumented students how much you value their experiences and their contributions to the field of medicine   .
 ianbremmer not like he still passed illegal stuff without oversight like      daca   iran deal   tpp   syrian war   lybia   ukraine.
imi place c andra nu face rabat pe domeniul ei  dac e talentat  trece  dac o scrie  nu    romaniiautalent.
i don t know if we will ever get over  whiteprivilege i see it everywhere  its  infuriating   and just bc you align .
 hillarytrumpers   those actively working against  medicareforall  collegeforall  greennewdeal  15hr  legalweed .
 dcoronell  petrogustavo plurko  eres como uribetia  bruto cuando cuestiona a uribe lo hace con dtos  cifras  y hec .
eti mam de bieel  drm prejudecile i crete un domn   d      dac eti mam de bieel  tii deja din experien .
dac tot a venit dragnea la botoani ii ziceam sa drme colile.
triceanu  nu se tie dac acest jon snow triete sau nu la final  la cine serefer  .
daca tunde la fel de bine cum cnt  atunci este pe drumul cel bun   romaniiautalent.
for almost 7 years   daca has successfully protected 800k young people from deportation  even as trump threatens th .
dac tot a venit dragnea la botoani trebuia s l convingem sa drme colile.
 secretarycarson  arfairhouse  nidhiprakash  buzzfeednews ben carson said he doesnt know why daca recipients are b .
 secretarycarson  arfairhouse explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishing daca .
what do you think   daca  reparations  whitepeople  whiteprivilege is nonsense    .
dac tot a venit dragnea la botoani  mai bine ii spunem sa drme i colile.
 secretarycarson  repfrenchhill  hudgov  nidhiprakash  buzzfeednews ben carson said he doesnt know why daca recipi .
 secretarycarson  repfrenchhill  hudgov explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punis .
 gavtutorials  liga1romania  minutulsiscorul degeaba  dac televiziunile vor prime time  nimic nu se schimb .
 peblog  romnia  primvar  vnt  prognoz  meteo 20  aprilie 2019ce altceva  dac nu  ploi  .
dragnea a anunat azi ce gospodrii din romnia vor primi cte 20 000 de lei  vezi dac eti pe list .
ce nseamn dac i iuie urechile .
daca parintii mei inca traiesc si am sistemul locomotor intact ma pot inscrie la  romaniiautalent .
join me for a look into  daca       themedia   and beyond     goodfriday .
 secretarycarson  arfairhouse  hudgov  nidhiprakash  buzzfeednews ben carson said he doesnt know why daca recipien .
italia  tensiuni n coaliia de guvernare  din cauza scandalului de corupie ce l vizeaz pe consilierul vicepremie .
 secretarycarson  arfairhouse  hudgov explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishi .
dou tinere au fugit din din arabia saudit pentru o via normal  ne vor omor dac ne ntoarcem   .
dou tinere au fugit din din arabia saudit pentru o via normal  ne vor omor dac ne ntoarcem   .
dou tinere au fugit din din arabia saudit pentru o via normal  ne vor omor dac ne ntoarcem   .
le face pe toate  sa vedem daca le face bine   romaniiautalent.
 nanu mihai ma politruc ordinar va scoateti singuri din europa gandeste te  te reprezinta scripcaru blaga sau iga  .
 secretarycarson  hudgov  arfairhouse explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishi .
 mihaihristea  kolat ca amandoua au o privire  intensa  ca ma intreb daca sunt posedate  asta cu initiala v are moaca de asiatica .
chiar dac te dai cu parfum tot mirosi a prostie.
 katrina wiser  nobamadotcom ben rocks   this was supposed  to of been done years ago  amp  u s wouldn t  have soo much .
rochie cu flori brodate  precomand  dac avei un cont pe site i dorii s fii contactat  .
 readinglist in my heart  i want trump treated with all the same compassion and law and order moralism he himself h .
chiar ma intreb daca urmatorul numar o sa il uimeasca pe florin     romaniiautalent.
 mohneaaa still  multi mi au dat instant msj sa ma intrebe daca m am vopsit desi ma stiau in perioada aia.
nu simti ca e vineri daca nu ii  romaniiautalent.
 puestoloco  seajay603  realdonaldtrump  fbi  barrcoverup  daca  .
ma ntreb dac trebuie sa i trimit un mesaj i sa i spun tot cea ce simt dar mi e frica ca o sa razi de mn     mi e dor de tine      .
 semanticus dac citeti i literele mici vezi c s ar putea s ai  un extra bagaj de mn  care tocmai te salveaz de un bagaj de cal .
 secretarycarson  hudgov  arfairhouse explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishi .
daca iti zic ca te iubesc  te pot pstra pentru tot restul vieii .
 boba1959  wesing4blue  eathbound420  firegoddessb  newmannmichael  michelle spenc  phyllisj1003  nastywomansammi .
fa degeaba mergi tu la biserica daca ti o iei in gura de 3 ori pe saptamana.
 silicasun  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
nu e niciodat prea trziu pentru primul cozonac i prima pasca     chiar dac e dup 40    its never too la .
dac ai  alphacard ai i puncte  alphashop  tranzaciile cu cardul tu de credit sau debit i aduc puncte pe care .
munii piatra craiului vzui n toat splendoarea lor       dac dorii o clip de relaxare n acest masiv unic n rom .
non kpop er   arat spre un cuvnt n japonez  ce nseamn       kpop er  de unde sa tiu      non kpop er  dac tot ascul .
some people dont realize just how hard it really is for us          daca.
am fcut demena asta la noi acas     i a iesit foarte tare  foarte    lume mult  party frumos      dac vrei ceva de .
finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor babies  .
 thedemocrats finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no a .
ok deci daca eu iti dau msj si tu mi rspunzi greu si in sictir sau chiar ma lasi in seen nseamn ca nu m merii nu i clar     .
nu rdei dar dac la investiii n infrastructur nu a reuit s performeze  ministerul transporturilor i propun .
am fcut demena asta la noi acas     i a iesit foarte tare  foarte    lume mult  party frumos      dac vrei ceva de .
el    mai eti suparata pe mine    ea    nu mai tiu de ce am fost suparata dar daca am fost    nca sunt .
 foreverlogical  secretarycarson  realdonaldtrump  nidhiprakash  buzzfeednews isnt it a shame that democrats conti .
some new yorkers aren t happy that  15 minimum wage has increased food prices     daca .
sanctuary neighborhood prepares to repel invaders  via  cdnnow    sanctuarycities .
40005000      fcsb   .
border patrol identifies thousands of fraudulent family asylum cases  via  cdnnow .
buttigieg launches attack on capitalism  bongino steps up with quick reminder  .
woop woop   suntem laiv   haideti la o vorba iar daca va place contentul dati si un follow    d .
 nu mai exista nicio sansa daca mai era domnul mangia la craiova        fotbalistul care se bucura de plecarea italianu .
dac dorii s cumprai produse locale gsii n palas  n atrium       labacanie.
culca te cu o seara nainte mai devreme sau dormi de amiaza ca sa fi fresh   gsii jocuri funny  monopoly  am n a .
inainte sa iti bati joc de un om gandeste te la asta   de fiecare data cand il o jignesti se rupe cate o bucata din .
 silicasun  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  magdalenamariab  joyrhoades1 .
dragnea ii raspunde lui hunor  daca mergem cu guvernul in parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate si farau .
 marionwinterset  anncoulter you just said  he s the only daca beneficiary who s committed a heinous crime  and you .
 codrutbaciu ne a mai zis dac a trimis fax ul la       .
bestautovestro  chestionare auto 2019  dac virezi la stnga n intersecie     .
 chestionare auto 2019  dac virezi la stnga n intersecie   despre .
500 000 de pakistanzi  ba nu  20 000    de fapt  probabil nu vom sti niciodata cu exactitate ce s a discutat la isl .
 silicasun  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab  joyrhoades1 .
 ruggiere l  no daca i am so happy about the mueller report that i want to celebrate  kick up my heels and dance .
degeaba incearca astia de la notre dame sa isi refaca biserica daca nu cheltuiesc atatia bani cat au dat ai nostri .
 radusmall daca ti a trebuit paris  .
 happyeasterweekend tq  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover .
 repswalwell  realdonaldtrump democrats are worthless california nothing but full of fruits and nuts  no collusion .
dac nu ma iubeti i nu i pasa  pleaca  .
 jobb gov  abbott just dealt planned parenthood defends daca by saying every person has the right to be loved for what you think  money.
 chucktweh  anncoulter what he is putting together at the border is not a wall  of course its better than nothing .
 teeklin  anncoulter so you re saying we need more people like him to come to this country   cuz he s the only daca .
ultima  recomandare din saptamana filmelor romanesti   cameradegarda a ras  daca nu l ati vazut  o sa radeti si voi .
 aiarandom1 daca  .
 b joce3 its not easier though  daca students are only eligible for state scholarships which you and i are also el .
who else thinks dems are wasting their best opportunity in decades to work bipartisanly with a president who would .
 realdonaldtrump  wvufanagent99  marthamaccallum  foxnews sir president   we your people know this  maybe you can c .
soundtrackul emisiunii este acum disponibil pe un mix care curge la fel de frumos ca si dambovita intre ciurel si v .
.
what has the democratic congress done for americans in the past 2 years  immigration  daca  infrastructure  security of our country    .
 kausmickey  anncoulter 100  against daca now  i used to be for it .
 b joce3 people who arent citizens dont qualify for handouts from the government for school  the only exception .
10 fotografii care te las fr cuvinte dac te uii atent la ele  a 4 a e cea mai tare   .
carmen dan minte  ordinul de intervenie din 10 august 2018 nu a fost declasificat  andrei lupu dac nu v e team .
 resistersis20 i am a proud lgbtq ally   i am a proud moderate democrat   i am a proud daca supporter   i am a proud me t .
 juanrod 1 facts  obamas was using daca to exploit illegal childrens parents and sent home the most than any other president in history.
dac gndeti de mic aa matur  vei fi trist mereu .
 alexmccabe21  anncoulter not the point  he s an illegal alien who came when he was 15 as an unaccompanied minor an .
 rmconservative but he is not doing it  why  he ran on ending illegal invasion  daca  and anchor babies  but the fi .
we voted in 2018 resoundingly for democrats for a few reasons  to save our healthcare  save our planet  protect dac .
viaa nu e via dac nu sunt culori ntunecate .
 gstradivarius  gabrielrufian retocaron 14 artculos  nada ms  ese toma y daca de transferencia o no de competenci .
daca vrei sa culegi miere  nu rasturna stupul .
military spending including overseas installations and regime change wars  eliminates redundancy in national securi .
 sensherrodbrown do a daca deal  border security and tax deal  not that hard .
 roarmy am primit foarte multe mailuri  ne bucuram ca v ati unit  acest comeback a fost pt fanii    suntem curio .
daca va raman albusuri de la maioneza si cozonac  va recomand prajitura sa tortul rafaello  e de o finete incredibi .
dragnea ii raspunde lui hunor  daca mergem cu guvernul in parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate fara udmr .
dragnea ii raspunde lui hunor  daca mergem cu guvernul in parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate fara udmr .
 badhombre  not a  daca  dreamer   buildthewallandcrimewillfall  maga  nycimmigrants  immdefense  immigrants are we .
screenshots  the hill      previously conned   realdonaldtrump s supporters are allowing themselves to be conned  again .
daca nu ne credeti pe noi  conspirationistii  atunci poate ii veti crede pe cei peste 30 000 de oameni de stiinta    .
alooo    ogrezenarii    asa o sa ajungeti daca votati psd ul   .
daca nu are sorbu chergiu palinca de dobresti la majorat imi voi introduce robinetul in uretra si voi incepe sa can .
se difunde tante basura  que para quienes somos lectoras de novedades de todo tipo  solo provoca molestia y mucha i .
ce pagube poi avea dac circuli cu automobilul la nivelul larou  .
ce pagube poi avea dac circuli cu automobilul la nivelul larou  .
angela cristea   dac nu votai voi pentru viitorul vostru i al europei  vor vota alii  .
i m a 69 year old  college educated  hispanic woman from hi         i m a socialist libertarian who opposes daca  idoli .
overturned his original travel ban against people from several muslim majority countries and blocked his efforts to .
  ohaha  se implinesc 10 ani de cand striga in gura mare radu golban  dar cine sa l sprijine politic  .
 concernedinpv so what   obama didnt need bipartisan support for daca or aca    bottom line is obama told his cyber c .
tiai c  raportndu ne la statisticile oficiale din 2018  dac un incendiu ar avea loc n prezent n casa unui ro .
daca tot nu pot vedea ce scrieti   macar sa a pun la ce sa va uitati     am inceput insamantarile de primavara  cea .
remember that you can support  daca recipients by helping with their renewal fees  chip in any amount you can to .
 eyesawbts buna am vazut ca acum cateva luni ai ascultat the truth untold si ma intrebam daca vrei sa ne imprietenim.
dragnea  replic pentru kelemen hunor  dac mergem cu guvernul n parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate f .
i inteligena cea de pe urm cred c e insultat de aa ceva .
 lilibellmia  tea party chris makes me crazy there are so many illegals here that everyone knows are illegal and no .
pn pe 20 mai  dragnea mai ateapt o decizie crucial  ccr decide pe 7 mai dac iordache avea dreptul s sesizeze .
they showed in new york city at his residence 2 years ago when he abandoned daca kids he called the police  .
 senschumer  speakerpelosi with all the b s you tried pulling we re supposed to believe you while throwing .
mi a luat azi fix 5 minute sa schimb paaportul la ambasada  apoi mi a luat 4 5 ore sa ajung de la bucureti la bra .
 teampelosi direct energy and time towards passing decent immigration laws  rem daca  dems kicked them to the curb  .
dragnea  dac mergem cu guvernul n parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate fr udmr .
 ojjpac daca s illegal  by virtue of having broken our first law of citizenship  any law or regulation promulgated .
dragi barbati  fiti ca hades  nu ca zeus     daca intelegi aluzia  esti legenda  .
eventually congress may sign daca with trump   .
esti asa tampit incat tu daca faci cancer la creier nu te afecteaza cu nimic .
ce se ntmpl dac restructurarea guvernului dncil nu ar trece deparlament  .
 robofloyo  prodigalwhail democrats turned it into a race issue       everyone wants secure borders  yeah  thats why .
 no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder we ve got to stop illegals from getting elected to congress   .
rulada stela  fara coacere  cu nuca si crema de unt  care se face in maxim 1 ora  daca o faceti acum  rezista si pa .
mine se ntmpl curatenie de primavara in sibiu   mai muli participani nsemn mai multe spaii verzi .
face mi a o poz urcat pe un lamborghini       dac ar fi vreunu n cluj ofc.
in new york city this week  april 16 was declared jin park day in honor of harvard student and  daca recipient ji .
tenis    fedcup  simona  halep   dac sunt 100  mine  am anse s ctig cu  mladenovic .
liviu dragnea  avem majoritate i fr udmr  dac mergem cu guvernul n parlament pentrurestructurare .
 uninoticias no a la inmigracin ilegal  no ciudades santuario  no al tps  no al daca.
      edmm 724       1        peing   .
it s about time  now let s do this as well    finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migr .
viorica  dncil a fost lsat de cru de mecherii psd  foto captur  stirileprotv      aa peti dac esti slug .
 eyesawbts chiar nu pot sa zic nimic   si daca nu o sa i placa de mine .
angela cristea  dac v temei de viitor  asigurai v c avei un cuvnt de spus n viitorul dvs  .
dems r still trying to get our great  realdonaldtrump president      wot they s b doing is fixing immigration laws 2 .
rimele i poeziile sunt prezente peste tot n viaa copiilor  dac treci pe lng un grup de copii care se joac ve .
the majority of americans agree with democrats on key issues  90  agree that immigration is good for the country al .
 camilstoenescu este neltor sot ul afiat de oreo i pie  iti arata de la ultima ncrcare complet  nu arat n .
 ashleyw838  no daca one would think with all the intelligent minds in this country  someone could put an end to th .
daca iti doresti un apartament de 2 camere decomandate la un pret accesibil  avem oferta pentru tine      clujnapoca .
btlia politic s a intensificat n ultimele zile  liderii psd au apsat acceleraie i dup ce     .
.
supreme court girds for fight over trump census citizenship question    .
liviu dragnea  dac vom lua decizia s mergem cu guvernul n parlament pentru restructurare avem majoritate fr ud .
feds seize 425 pounds of meth at texas border  via  breitbartnews       sanctuarycities .
 sugarfreeshorty my daca documents got renewed for another two years .
 young prof   beyoutifullg  newafrikanmind  talibkweli stop pretending to misinterpret what i stated  the  ados ren .
 santaromica  balarii eti anticomunist  daca nu  mucles .
        peing   .
dragnea  replic pentru kelemen hunor  dac mergem cu guvernul n parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate f .
stai c dac moare mike jones  curg like urile  toi l plng   toi il cunosc .
dragnea a anunat azi ce gospodrii din romnia vor primi cte 20 000 de lei  vezi dac eti pe list   .
 luis12ramirez  socialsecurity having the ssa stop sending no match letters is a bandaid that would continue to l .
dragnea  dac vom merge cu guvernul n parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate  .
 tmpglis is my friends gigi gacha life you tube din dou love my friends will kill you guys like cum creepypasta i .
 cladmoga sin embargo      eso de  ontas  nos dice que ya se mand al olvido el cortejo    ahora todo es un  toma y dac .
 pattyarquette  repadamschiff  speakerpelosi hillary had dacas help her campaign  bernie has one in charge of comm .
sigur c lui dragnea nu i pas de asta  dar a fi curios dac a mai rmas totui vreun pesedist lucid care s reali .
 oanazavoranu eu nu stiu cu cine ai avut de a face per total  dar iti pot vorbi doar despre apa care o bei 2 h  con .
 oanazavoranu sal oana  daca vei privi putin pagina mea  am fost pagubit cu peste 70k e in 15 ani  ultima fiind la .
denisa   daca pleci  opreste te  audio oficial 2016  .
 ciubotariu dan  alexandrubrade1 nici nu vreau sa mi imaginez ce spuneai dac terminau iohannis sau ciolo fculta .
 romanians pai nu zic ca nu e legit site ul  dar nu stiu daca vreau sa apar la stiri     si nah  tot nu am aflat despre ce e vorba.
liviu dragnea  a declarat ca daca usr plus vor ajunge la guvernare atunci vor confisca frigiderele si aragazele rom .
caut placi de lemn vechi   lt 3  lt 3  lt 3  daca stiti pe cineva care strica un gard de exemplu  va rog sa imi spuneti    .
dragnea   dac vom merge cu guvernul n parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate  .
read the journal star s coverage of yesterday s press conference featuring nebraskans with  daca and  tps calling f .
sfaturi suplimentare       gt lucreaz din greu i las i canalul s creasc       gt dac ai nevoie de o pauz  ia o pauz .
ne gndim s mergem s ne dm acolo  dac te tenteaz i pe tine  las un mesaj    poate facem gac  .
  esti mai impulsiv  iti pierzi prietenii  daca vrei sa i ai nu le aminti de datorii .
 miguelsapimp  dw2essex  geor97  wittgenstein016  dwcwinter  el chele85  mattgeesymonds  iangianni  macid3000 .
 951leroy  crackerals  ktla sanctuary cities also protect innocent people like daca recipients who have committed z .
daca esti punctual  ai simtul umorului si dorinta de munca  te asteptam in echipa       nu este un job usor  nici cald .
 caroljean729  no daca  fairimmigration arrest them first  background check  deport  no more containment areas  one step at a time .
un roman a fost intrebat      daca ai fi inchis intr o cusca cu un leu  un sarpe veninos si un ungur si ai avea o pus .
mda  m am bgat i aici pe  tiktok us    dac e s fie un coleg p curs  datz un semn   tiktok .
 hogangidley45  whitehouse change and fix the immagration law and that s for no daca and catch and release   that w .
screenshots  the hill       realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends  nra .
 brithume    fundamental transformation     civil unrest  amp  crime   racial divide   doubled nat debt increased poverty    bi .
 scott53747017  vivangel999 no jobs  no daca  no deals with democrats  .
dac vrei s i deschizi propria afacere  nu este suficient doar s vrei  trebuie nti s te informezi  s fii di .
parte dintr un proiect deosebit  daca esti in cautarea unui apartament modern vox iti ofera o solutie modern alatu .
sigur c lui dragnea nu i pas de asta  dar a fi curios dac a mai rmas totui vreun pesedist lucid care s reali .
 ilhanmn when democrats thought it made trump look bad democrats incessantly brought up daca students now they totally ignore daca students .
mare ticalos .
dac ne am simtit mereu ca si cum ar fi srbtoare n am mai avea nevoie de attea srbtori care parc i dau viaa .
dac dorii s revedei  piaa unirii de la a la z  muli bani  mai puin distracie .
9 tips for preparing a fabulous flower bed            emory financial   jon lam  thehonestlender   nmls .
 gregolear i ve just realised there is a nuclear argument    it s called daca  immigration and children    if you d .
 clotilde armand  ct prostie ntr un singur cap   a exclama dac nu a ti c sunt implicate mai multe capete  .
 sofarky da  tricoul da  dar atat de albastra e lumina incat daca te uiti la poza zici ca i mov.
hai  mai plantm i noi ceva    dac ne a gonit cldura din sudul rii  unde sezonul s a ncheiat  fugim spre nli .
eu i cu staff ul meu credem c smbt  dac avem o ans s o batem pe simona halep  kristina e cea mai bun op .
 nevrsurrendr  alt leftalabama the ada was fairly recent but it was kind of like daca for immigrants  full of holes .
screenshots  the hill       reality    we have a lying  cheating  dishonest president  whom  rncrepublican loves  amp  prot .
 benshapiro i wonder how many conversations obama had with his lawyers over his  unconstitutional daca    and what .
gndul bun pentru week end       dac exist un singur col din univers pe care tii sigur c l poi face mai bun  ac .
 edkrassen democrats want to fight trump and now they have their fight   what they dont have is daca protection  h .
 maga  celtgunn  cs00582sc  txtrumpette89  mindmixradio  ma liky      border crisis in detail  otms  other than mexic .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump where does it say in the constitution that he can t do that   seems like obammy played .
 mihulaurentiu  santaromica hai stai tu calm     daca esti atat de revoltat  uite te invit io  cand o sa vina in ia .
i dac postezi i dac nu postezi  lumea tot te uit .
cum faci diferena dintre cancer ovarian i balonare  mergi de urgen la medic dac ai .
daca te uiti crucis ii statea bine cu parul desfacut pe vremuri.
simona schnelbach  preedintele colegiului medicilor  dac ar fi s zic ceva  general  despre tot sistemul sanitar .
am auzit i vzut la tv c un cine uman a mucat un poliist de degetul mic i vorbea printre dini eu dac era .
i ce s ar ntmpla dac scriu in limba roman .
1        peing   .
i think  realdonaldtrump   foxnews   judgejeanine  amp   seanhannity are  collectively  the biggest con job in u s  .
 charlottecuthbo  no daca oh great the mom and dad are pregnant .
 nidhiprakash  priscialva carson is part of the trump administration  so he did lied  was aware of preventing hud loans to daca individuals .
salutare prieteni    am placerea sa va prezint ce a mai noua piesa in colaborare cu fratele diferit     daca va pla .
omul frumos tinde spre desvrire  dac nu poate vorbi mpotriva urtului  tace  dar n tcerea lui e un refuz hri .
n preajma srbtorilor avem ocazia s fim mai buni  pentru c  s recunoatem  viaa dur i realitatea  de cele m .
 rafaellacava10 pidele una manito a tus socios de daca  sinverguenza  tenemos 5 mese sin gas por los lados de la en .
 gordon struth  scotlandxr if chuck wont let us dream  we wont let him sleep all night outside the senators hom .
 tenis    fedcup  simona  halep   dac sunt 100  mine  am anse s ctig cu mladenovic .
 victorciutacu daca i unul din cei mai buni jurnaliti din romanica au neles asta  atunci nici o ans de mai bine  aceeai mocirl .
i stand with  daca and  tps recipients   eastman2020  ne02       .
drumuri n romnia  dac i bagi o gum n gur  se mestec singur  .
te ai pregtit pentru sosirea iepuraului  dac nu  i dm noi o mn de ajutor tu vino doar cu couleul i bucu .
representatives ral grijalva of arizona  luis gutirrez of illinois   amp  adriano espaillat of ny         democratic spea .
nu mi place ce fac acum     dar suna bine ce voi scrie    mintea traieste intr un fel de somn  traieste intr un fel d .
 ilovebt96591655  btsromaniaproj1  bts twt daca nu ai premium nu poti decat in browser pe calculator laptop.
 realdonaldtrump rip up daca throw it away .
daca vreti sa mancati o scarita cu mancarica buna de  fasole si muraturi  treceti cu incredere pe la noi  putem sa .
la cum promite dragnea bani n stnga i dreapta fr numr are toate ansele s scoat toi pensionarii i bugetar .
dac cltoreti n suceava pentru o perioad mai lung de timp  cazarea va fi unul dintre principalele domenii de .
mi spui c vrei s nu ne grbim pentru c nu eti pregtit  dar dac nu vorbim dou zile te combini cu altul .
cutm un culture architect  pasionat de oameni i de nvare  care s ne ajute s dezvoltm o cultur fain  prin .
kelemen hunor  mesaj pentru psd  udmr va lsa coaliia s arate c are majoritate  dac se face restructurarea guve .
dac vedei c postez prea mult pe twitter intr un timp relativ scurt  asta nseamn c iar nu o duc bine.
 adevarul dac toi primitivii mioritici ar iei la vot  bozgorii nu ar mai face pragul .
nu eti cu nimic mai special dac i etalezi prostia .
fotbal  eugen neagoe  sepsi osk   meritam s intrm n play off  chiar dac unii contest acestlucru .
 tanaruld ai fost acolo  lng ei  s asculi ce au cerut  sau eti unul care i d i el cu prerea  romnete   .
puedo hacerme residente con daca    noticias telemundo  .
puedo hacerme residente con daca    noticias telemundo  .
primele fulgere   din bucureti n 2019   momentan un show spectaculos fr ploaie       i dac tot fulgera s nu u .
 cspanwj       obama had money for border security  a stated desire  likely insincere  to provide it and he ended up br .
 sacapuntas de hoy     huachicolean  gasolineras    yalitzaaparicio s  la  cnte no     toma y daca     tu imss  para t .
amenda pentru un afis       nu inteleg de ce  daca destinatarul avea o problema cu continutul nu avea decat sa dea in j .
let s all get on the same page about immigration facts   defineamerican  daca.
dac nu i place abba  nu suntem prieteni      abba   knowing me  knowing you with lyrics  prin  youtube.
dac i caui o main pentru traficul urban  orienteaz te spre clasa mic sau mini i nu omite de pe lista de ec .
redm sperana n romnia i n partidul naional liberal  i o facem mpreun        punem romnia n primul rnd  mp .
dac ai crezut c am scpat deja de ngheuri  trebuie s v dezamgim  meteorologii au emis iari cod galben pe .
transurb galai are cont de twitter  dac da     b  suntei de tot ccatul       .
dac e joi  atunci e zi de bucurie i revedere cu elevii din comunitatea grozveti  beneficiarii   coal dup co .
daca dati pe radio romania cultural  il puteti asculta pe  agweinberger.
 nemilosrau dar e normal sa stea asa  dac nu ai trafic  nu o sa i stea la 4mb  nu e normal  in stby sta 0 50 kb  e normal .
 djurakrompic  igorjaramaz znaci daa i devojke su samo iskoristili vauer za kafanu i hotel  pa lepo .
eu vreau sa aud neaparat ce are de spus iulius filip  adica daca le multumeste plavanului pentru decorare si tract .
primirile de care are parte dragnea prin judeele moldovei i dau acestui turneu aa un damf de adio    dac mai umbl .
 maximilianioan  iraphahell faza cu  timed exclusivity   forteaza consumatorii sa le foloseasca store ul prin cumpa .
 bbmas     bts twt       comentai mai jos dac nu avei suficieni followers ca sa putei vota   .
de    weekend         dac urli  te aud toi  dac opteti  te aude doar cine e aproape de tine  dac stai n linite .
de drum    du m acolo unde stelele nu apun  chiar dac n buzunare n am banii de drum  du m acolo pe norul pufos  .
stia nu mai au nicio limit dac si sta i comunicat       comitetul executiv al statului paralel  subteran si ilegi .
 twayoon mood la prima parte  cand merg la liceu ma intreb daca lumea care ma vede pe strada crede ca s a 7a sau a 8a.
nu ti pune animoji la profil daca nu ai iph x in plm.
pedepsii pentru greelile adulilor  .
 adriano qld vedem  si daca o schimba pe cine sa bage  irina sau monica  greu de decis dei monica trebuie odihnita .
 rmconservative  no daca this is whats going on becauses of the dems open boarder policy  were saddled with medical .
 tennis solo s vedem  poate nu mai are ansa s joac cu kiki  presimt c o schimb seg dac pierde clar maine    .
79c34593 daca 4601 adf5 3327d11a60a6.
 adriano qld hai ca totusi buzz a artat bine la ultimul turneu a pierdut la woz dupa un prim set intens disputat   .
sesizarea lui iordache  pe completuri  analizat astazi la ccr  dragne afl dac i se reiaprocesul .
sesizarea lui iordache  pe completuri  analizat astazi la ccr  dragne afl dac i se reiaprocesul .
 marleykd  realdonaldtrump  gop  senategop  housegop you re a idiot and a massive hypocrite  obama was this country .
este ciudat aceast luare de poziie  prin deducie  dac pe briloiu nu l vor  nseamn c pe ceilali  nemenion .
daca locuieti cu o persoana creia nu i pas cum ari cum mirosi dac eti prost sau detept   felicitri m ta inca te suport .
este ciudat aceast luare de poziie  prin deducie  dac pe briloiu nu l vor  nseamn c pe ceilali  nemenion .
 krystaiprint sa ti dea dumnezeu fericire si sanatate si bani si valoare ca daca nu ziceai tu nu stiam ca vine burs .
opional     sclipici    dac vrei fluffy slime i trebuie i  spum de ras     colorant alimentar sau acuarele    dac .
chirtoac i arunc mnua lui nstase  oricine ar candida  nu tiu dac s ar descurca mai bine dect mine n ceea .
este ciudat aceast luare de poziie  prin deducie  dac pe briloiu nu l vor  nseamn c pe ceilali  nemenion .
ct ar ctiga statul romn dac ar introduce educaia sexual n coli     locale      .
1  nu posta foarte des   2  d multe like uri   3  dac cineva i face spam promoveaz acea persoan   4  folosete apli .
 krystaiprint daca as avea acei bani sa mi cumpr blackpink hammer sa am cu ce sa ii bat.
gigi becali a pus ochii pe ianis hagi  eu dac l iau mine pe ianis  l pun directcpitan .
 ngrossman81  daca violated the constitution     nick grossman       .
1  gndeste te ca este pentru binele tu      2  nva cu drag    3  matematica nu este grea dac nvei zi de zi regu .
dac i dau o lopat n cap devii lopat man.
preedintele partidului liberal  pl   dorin chirtoac  nu exclude c va candida pentru un nou mandat n fruntea pri .
dac nu tiai  neoliberalismul este i ideologia care st la baza politicii economice a uniunii europene inato .
 btsromaniaproj1 votarea pentru bbma a inceput daca da  cum as putea vota .
zicala sa preferat este do or do not  there is no try i este binecunoscut pasiunea sa pentru kitsch uri electr .
kelemen hunor anun ce va face udmr dac se ajunge la restructurarea guvernului  lsm coaliia psd alde s arate .
 stirbei nu e mai bine cu  like dac     love dac     i tot aa .
reduceri de  blueair   dac dorii s fii la curent cu mai mai multe nouti despre aviaie i cltorii mult mai ra .
tu  dragul meu  dac te simi prea singur   i n ai pe nime n camera srac   dect un nou duman i oaspe  foamea         3 9.
intr un moment de sinceritate neintentionata  dragnea ne a spus care este parerea lui despre noi  macar suntem lamu .
daca se simula in mod corect    cum e procesul lui dragnea    terminau elevii liceul se schimbau schimbe completuri .
deputaii independeni ion groza  alexandr oleinic i viorel melnic au solicitat curii constituionale s se expun .
discuie cu a  muk care are vrsta pmntean de 4 ani      tu de ce ajui oamenii aa    terapii alternative  n caz .
sa refuzam asistenta medicala    partea 1   sa refuzam asistenta medicala   partea 1      la intrebarea daca trebuie s .
 reprashida why don t you apply that same logic to federal immigration law  daca is unconstitutional  why weren t you mad then .
companiile de telefonie mobil ar putea primi amenzi mai mari dac au clauze abuzive n contracte .
deci  securistii de ieri sint anti comunistii de azi si anti comunistii de ieri au devenit securistii de azi  iar d .
dac citeti asta  hai cu un selfie pentru cititorii notri    simona halep  .
 qpatriot11  proud1patriot  no daca  eagleeyes1000  marinberal  qpatriot06  carlspry  texaswild7  jhudson176 .
 cptariceanu  mihaihristea cuki  ai pus punctul pe i ai dezvluit un adevr prin care werner johannis a cumprat t .
 adelinae10  bts twt daca ai un pc disponibil  care poate fi lasat sa mearga oricand  daca vrei sa faci stream  iti .
 adelinae10  bts twt nu neaparat    cu spotify free   preferabil sa se faca stream din browser  in telefon spotify ma .
exclusiv afacerea aprozarul  ministerul agriculturii a pus ochii pe terenul de 30 de hectare din bneasa al academi .
 rfi romania daca nu l numesc pe niculicea urmatorul este propunerea de la .
o practica educativa neadecvata fixeaza frica si anxietatea  induce credinta ca injectia face parte    .
 intrebati l pe teja daca vrea sa plece   anunt de ultima ora al lui becali despre venirea lui mangia la craiova   gt  .
 politica kelemen   udmr va lsa coaliia s arate c are majoritate  dac se face restructurarea guvernului .
 sportro dac ajunge la fcsb  praful se alege de el   .
  dezvoltatorii imobiliari vor avea mai multe obligaii  iar beneficiarii mai multe drepturi  dac legea pe     .
 fijate2015  repadamschiff no dummy  many presidents ask if they can do something  and are then guided by policy wo .
daca ai sau urmeaza sa ai angajati straini non ue  semneaza un contract si     faci o economie de 40 de lei pentru fi .
discuie ntre mam i copil de 7 8 ani n magazin      vrei s i iau o ngheat      nu      hai alege i dac vrei      .
daca vrei sa te relaxezi la final de sptmn  dou comedii te ateapt n cinematografe  .
 daninovac pe harden nu l am trecut pentru ca si eu cred ca inca mai are sanse  paul george se pupa bine cu pacers  .
udmr ia distan de dragnea  .
 adriano qld  robertvt22 dac sunt blugi  nu prea conteaz  dar dac pui osetele dup ce ai pus un pantalon clcat  ii mai calci o data .
 officialcbc more police violence against black children    when can we expect you to advocate for them with the sa .
 robertvt22 osete first     1  e mai uor de luat pantalonul dup     2  e incomod de ridicat osetele pe picior dac ai deja pantalonii .
foloseste voucher ul  kidsaia2019  si primesti 50  reducere daca va inscrieti copilul pana in 21 05 2019    itprenori .
the us military will spend up to  1 billion to build 57 miles of trumps border wall       .
 brexit  pentru a intra n vigoare   brexitdeal va trebui aprobat de  europarl en cu majoritatea simpl a voturilor .
aplicaie care i oprete motorul mainii dac mergi ca mortul .
 adriano qld  liga1romania din pacate asta e purul adevar    atunci cand nu s a mai implicat    au avut o performan .
cum ar arta actorii dac ar fi    femei  .
nu vei zri nicicnd un curcubeu dac te uii n jos    charlie chaplin .
cand am vazut asta  am intrat pe pagina sa verific daca pagina este reala  fiindca mi se pare ireal sa te lauzi cu .
nu tiu dac s consider c ape rider primete ntriri sau are parte de concuren  dar noi tia pare c avem de .
daca vrei facilitati aproape de casa        clujnapoca .
dac vrei s ti cine eti  afl acum  1  spectator    2  creator  ce i ce lucreaz n spatele scenei    3  supraveghet .
 danymake  liga1romania nu am nimic cu ei     tii bine cu cine am ceva  ciobanul  e fundamental pentru orice juct .
daca copilul meu este alergic la pisici .
dac nu ai ajuns la conferina  cartea i timpul  susinut de marian preda n biblioteca facultii de litere .
 catallinm a antrenat el    ca de asta e antrenor nejucator    ca poate daca era si jucator  intra el in locul simo .
 adriano qld  liga1romania vezi ce zici de machidoni ca ne suparam          ianis nu o sa plece decat in strainatate  .
analist  psrm va ctiga urmtoarele alegeri  dac nu va face cedri .
 catallinm si daca fetele o sa castige fed cup cu el antrenor  tot nu ii vei acorda nici un merit      .
 kelemen hunor spune ce va face udmr dac se ajunge la restructurarea guvernului  lsm coaliia psd alde s arate .
merdinian emanoil   merdinian emanoil    ar fi de preferat sa adune gunoaiele din oras             mi piace         rispon .
udmr va lsa coaliia psd alde s arate c are majoritate  noi nu am luat o decizie  dar eu cred c dac am    .
dac nu se respect  amenda poate fi nul  .
 hamdanmohmmd dac un trimis al lui dumnezeu allah v spune ceva  credei    nu a fost trimis degeaba .
exclusiv afacerea aprozarul  ministerul agriculturii a pus ochii pe terenul de 30 de hectare din bneasa al academi .
minciuna  nu i ce crede omul  minciuna e o form de a educa un om copil  pe timp ce omul evolueaz i minciuna se d .
 danymake nu m ar mira daca ar alege o pe olaru sa joace la simplu e foarte profi el si face alegeri foarte bune ca de fiecare data.
reamintiti prietenilor ca maine este marsul    voluntarii sunt rugati sa aduca banderole  daca sunt persoane care dor .
  hitulzilei la rzi cu rusu i andrei  tu decizi dac l pstrm        hitul zilei de azi e  alle farben fea .
nu ezitati sa va inscrieti la evenimentul asociatiei roazur nice  pe 25 aprilie  locuri limitate   daca aveti perso .
preedintele igor dodon este dispus s accepte o alian majoritar dintre psrm i democrai  dac ultimii vor fi d .
indiferent de ziua pe care ai ales s o petrecei n aer liber  bucurai v de manifestrile dedicate zilei munici .
cnd a aprut primul telefon de peste 1 000 de dolari  am zis c se impune diet cu ap i pine  acum a aprut cel .
dragnea mai ateapt pn afl dac scap de condamnare .
drumuri n romnia  dac i bagi o gum n gur  se mestec singur  .
 victoriatco se poste de nceput i de adugat ncet ncet la proiect  chiar dac nu l faci tot odat.
kelemen hunor spune ce va face udmr dac se ajunge la restructurarea guvernului  lsm coaliia psd alde s arate c .
dac n ara asta se moare pornind de la rie  ncotro mergem cu toii     .
kelemen hunor  lsm coaliia psd alde s arate c are majoritate  a patra oar nu cred c va fi cazul s votm un .
 redsteeze  gabrielmalor its a political strat to get dems on record saying  not my city    essentially  we saw the .
eful statului  andrei nstase nu va fi speaker al parlamentului i s nu viseze n zadar  poate va fi prim ministr .
 judahrobert did the same thing with the daca program  perverted it with    the parents brought in many from c a    not .
 hamdanmohammed prin  hamdanmohammed    v am cunoscut pe voi       fr el       nu tiu dac mai existai    offff  vreau .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
 merissahamilton  isaacdwindes  realdonaldtrump cherry picking at its  finest     pardoned joe arpaio  convicted raci .
 electroninja100  politico obama clintoniran russia   bribery   uranium 2russia    nepotism  nobel to himself    inti .
mi spui c am glume seci   dar dac nu rde nimeni la glumele spuse de tine   te superi  .
listen to  undocumented and gay       npr  kpbs  undocumented  daca.
daca nu vrei sa iti faci griji cu privire la locul de parcare  arunca o privire aici      clujnapoca .
asta  da barbat adevarat daca 50  din romani ar fi cu adevarat oameni de caracter un dragnea si pesede ul lui nu ar .
da  oameni buni  sa stai acas cnd va veni vremea votului  ca oricum nu se schimba nimic  dac nu s a schimbat ni .
iat ce trebuie s faci din punct de vedere legal dac vrei s deschizi un magazin n online  .
trei imobile din bucuresti ar putea fi consolidate cu fonduri de la primaria capitalei  dac aprobcgmb .
trei imobile din bucuresti ar putea fi consolidate cu fonduri de la primaria capitalei  dac aprobcgmb .
 mamendoza480 under federal daca  17 is considered a juvenile  so if was brought here last year daca prevents him .
toader ameninta ca va dezvalui adevaratele motive ale revocarii lui din functie de catre dragnea dancila  abia aste .
 dac vrei s trieti  bag paie sub haine   imagini dureroase de la fortul 13 jilava  urlete pe culoare i lovitu .
 .
telefoanele mobile care nu recepioneaz mesajele ro alert vor fi scoase de pe pia  ce sanciuni vor primi comerc .
 akoostique mooood chiar daca cateodata ascult.
 suzanne54837213  no daca life is always more precious than      all you democrats seem to do is rationalize everyt .
 ellynablue  lupulalbastru1     intradeva daca ar exista doamne cu sigurata ar fi prost de bubuie .
arat i defectele tale i vezi dac rmne  .
mama daca se anuleaza si meditatia la fizica de azi o sa fiue asa fericita.
am un mesaj pentru actualii i viitorii politicieni legat de campania electoral       nu ncercai s v construii .
dac domnul ora spune  nsemn ca aa e  trebuie s mergem la vot  .
dodon va avea cel mai mult de pierdut in cazul alegerilor anticipate daca unionistii vor crea un front al salvarii .
n 17 19 mai va avea loc prima ediie a unui hackathon internaional pentru studeni   unihack  iar nscrierile sun .
 anntkag2020  juliedeplorable  speakerpelosi  is the speaker  but she s no leader at the  dnc and she knows it  the .
 kelley4al thank you for including me   voteblue2020 no matter who   goptaxscam must be repealed   aca reinstate .
democrats talk about passing bills on healthcare  infrastructure  daca  etc   but they ll never get senate rs to vo .
now playing    balkan feat  glorya   daca pleci   listen here  .
a disparut  un tanar din centrul de plasament breaza este cautat de politie  suna la 112 daca l ai vazut  .
milioane de parole instagram au fost expuse  compania a anunat c va notifica utilizatorii afectai i c nu exist .
  nerecunosctorule  eu ii spl chiloii  ciorapii  ii gtesc         tu eti nerecunosctoare  dac nu eram eu  ai .
 peachssandcream as asculta manele numai daca le ar canta ei periodt.
daca v ati intrebat vreodata cum cant  acum puteti afla  sunt fix la fel de bun ca domnul din video  d .
 liga1romania dac era var in romania  fcsb era in liga a 3 a.
i promise  speakerpelosi has this so tightly wired toward any scenario possible   voteblue2020 no matter who  aca .
daca doresti sa ospatezi bucate gustoase ca la mama  atunci vino la cafeneaua   dor de mama   str  sarmizegetuza 26   .
impactul deciziei ccr asupra marilor dosare de corupie  ce condamnri ar putea fi anulate dac ccr admite sesizar .
dac citeti acest mesaj nseamn c m ai ajutat s ajung la 10 urmritori  mulumesc .
dac prima oar a primit amend  de data aceasta judectoria bacu l a condamnat la    .
dac tu eti iepuraul anul acesta i nc nu tii ce s le faci cadou celor dragi  noi avem astzi o variant       la .
 iraphahell daca nu ai fost  iti recomand captain marvel.
decizia ccr privind completurile de 3 judectori specializate ar putea duce la reluarea unor dosare     .
.
 sergiuprt m ndoiesc n viabilitatea lor dat fiind key pointu ca nu s bazate pe data collection  si nu stiu daca .
 repost pavaldent              chiar daca esti crestin sau nu  intotdeauna poti gasi motive sa te bucuri  consider .
the ivy league school says it will offer fifth year masters degree programs to daca recipients if the government e .
din toata polemica donatiilor din ultima saptamana eu am ramas cu o intrebare    daca ar fi sa donezi din banii tai p .
dac v dorii o cas care s v reprezinte  nu ezitai s programai o intlnire la biroul de arhitectur .
sepsi nu prindea play off ul  fcsb era peste cfr cluj in liga 1  cum arata clasamentul daca exista sistemul var      gt  .
dorin chitoac spune c ar candida din partea partidului liberal  chiar dac i blocul acum i va nainta un prete .
dac crezi c eti mportant pentru cineva   d mi voie s i spun c nu eti deloc .
date din raportul  ins pe comerul extern  dac a fi companie de  software m a concentra pe o soluie care s aju .
date din raportul  ins pe comerul exterior  dac as fi companie de  software m a concentra s dezvolt o  soluie .
ce cred eu despre tine       nu tiu ce este mai sinistru  s crezi n oameni sau s accepi realitatea  dac crezi  .
ministerul transporturilor   nu tim dac va fi reluat listarea companiilor de stat     .
te dai mare cu alocaia si cand te duci la magazin si te ntreab vnztoarea daca mai ai 50 de bani i zici c i dai dat viitoare.
and with  daca in the courts what happens if it s overturned   .
 dac l scapi n wc  nicio problem  se dizolv   .
cine s ar fi gndit c dac presari puin cacaval peste covrigi  rezultatul va fi absolut senzaional   descoper .
ce facem dac nu o place pe doamnaeducatoare  .
 belligerentman  iamuppl  alreadynation  drjasonjohnson what percentage of the population are daca recipients      .
daca tot am inceput ieri sa deschidem cutia pandorei  cu drobul de miel rumen si plin de savoare  azi continuam c .
 .
 executive privilege  isn t supposed to be used every time something doesn t go your way  then it becomes a dictato .
bani de la stat .
bani de la stat .
perete gol  nu si daca folosestistickere  .
dana nalbaru   tiu c aa cum drumul meu a fost doar al meu  cltoria copiilor mei va fi doar a lor  iar tot ce p .
zi de foc la ccr  magistraii analizeaz sesizarea lui florin iordache pe completurile cci i decid dac procesul .
the video for our daily titan latinx forum is done  from  daca to  borderwall we have   csuf students talk about th .
ce rost are s ai sentimente dac nu le lai s i influeneze gndurile  s i dicteze deciziile i s i tulbure sntatea mintal  .
paradox   autor   runa  dac ai tii ct linite mi aduci te ai multiplica n mii de .
dac vei ctiga fr s riti  este ca i cum ai triumfa fr recunoatere    pierre corneille   bnd cafeaua de dimineata.
 gratzerjennifer  repcummings  malcolmnance retroactively impeach obama for repeatedly lying to americans  breaking .
 bmotodad  anncoulter he could do the birthright citizenship eo right now  he could officially end daca and start d .
this is an amazing story but  sb168 will tear apart so many families  please read my wonderful friend  amyprodas s .
dac tia doi se gsesc  voi ce scuz avei  .
mrturiile strinilor despre bogia de altdat a faunei din pdurile romneti   dac ar avea chef  locuitorii ar .
yall be oprah winfrey might as a  clean daca  bill shows and they bring the base  i think the sky sky.
 anncoulter  dpinsen  gt why is potato blompt lying  how come he hasnt ordered an end to catch  amp  release  why wont he .
 foxnews supreme court will overturn its already issued an opinion on daca.
queman viva a una joven por denunciar a quin la acos  .
most disturbing partwhose running wh if staff refuses direct orders from president  thank god    aarp  blm .
 strong coffee8 sto bi jedan tviteras juce rekao  ipak su to daca dizelasa iz 90tih  roditelji su uglavnom prosti b .
bunicul meu tia s lucreze pmntul  s ascut un cuit  s i fac un fluier iar mie un arc din lemn de corn  ti .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
 ruxyghimp dac vrei despre asta   la un paharu de jinic .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
 epochtimes  no daca  cbp can these people stop having so many babies .
curtea constituional a romniei  ccr  este ateptat s se pronune  vineri  n legtur cu lipsa     .
.
 charlottecuthbo  no daca goddammit    we really have no borders and therefore no country  .
wow  scathing op ed by k conway s husband calls 4 immediate impeachment  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
 fairimmigration  no daca  ktsmtv fukkin invasion  .
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 18 2019 .
neata  kissfm     va ascult in drum spre munca in fiecare dimineata si am observat ca nu ati difuzat pana acum noua .
 adosgrievances  breakingbrown  interestingly  i have not once seen anyone ask immigrants to include the ills of af .
cutremur n romnia  specialitii infp  dac ar fi noaptea  numr victimelor ar fi mai mare   .
 no daca  fairimmigration  reuters  tomhals that should have been done 30 years ago and we wouldnt have this probl .
 ecmclaughlin did ya resist daca    135 billion later     didn t give a good god damn  did ya    .
 eciocu daca stii pe unde sa te uii e n mare parte la fel   .
 ilhanmn rep omar  what has the democrats been doing since 2017  resist  amp  division  trump tried to get the dems to .
s nu i uii umbrela dac iei astzi din cas  va ploua pe ntreg teritoriul rii  ct      .
s nu i uii umbrela dac iei astzi din cas  va ploua pe ntreg teritoriul rii  ct      .
s nu i uii umbrela dac iei astzi din cas  va ploua pe ntreg teritoriul rii  ct      .
brotha u gotta stop this shit  the petty god is in beast mode my nigga said the v jay jay looked like a .
 pdotuts  waynedale1776  anntensity funny how you have a line that can be crossed by a pundit    anncoulter  trump .
todays a good day  my boy got accepted into santa clara  my girl was able to get her daca renewed so she aint getti .
 mpennylegion  lsimonis  davidaxelrod hillary s time is coming  judicial watch already has sued her  barr and ig ha .
 icegov  no daca for  speakerpelosi   betoorourke   kamalaharris   please  buildthewall    buildthewallcrimewillfall    resist.
 jennapeck im marrying an angel or im marrying a daca recipient    lol.
 rebekahentralgo probably because discussing daca recipients who are felons is not exactly helpful for the narrative.
cutremur n romnia  specialitii infp  dac ar fi noaptea  numr victimelor ar fi mai mare .
1 corinteni 15 20 22     dar acum  hristos a nviat din mori  prga celor adormii    cci dac moartea a venit prin om  tot    .
 simona halep simo  noi stim cit de mult iubesti romania si vrei sa cistigi dar stai calma  nu e sfirsitul lumii da .
 no daca  fairimmigration  ktsmtv also   fixasylumlaws.
dac vrei s iei n ora n week end i s te bucuri de concerte i spectacole de teatru  vezi aici .
judecata bun este rezultatul unei experiene    experiena este rezultatul erorilor de judecat  dac nu i dai voi .
        peing   .
the freshman representative answered student questions on daca  rising tuition costs and universal healthcare  .
mi juchiconfesion es       hay una nia de la daca q m trae loco  ya se lo dije yo si tengo los huevos d ir a decirselo .
daca mai iubesti cu adevarat   lasa ma       uita ma  .
 oscar daca pues espero  la semana pasada no me rolaron  creo que est ya y espero que as sea.
 bennettrules oh yeah  mr i never had a scandal during my administration  this whole russian interference happened .
 repjerrynadler stop wasting our    and time   30million  wasted  2 1 2yrs  amp  not the 1st bill passed to benefit ame .
 sanmiguelnews  anncoulter ann is all about herself and who in their right mind would write a book  in trump we tru .
the obama administration crafted daca in 2012 as a temporary fix to allow young undocumented residents to work jobs .
   168fa167 daca 4fb8 99ce bedff85c58ce.
 news4sa daca strikes again child abuse is part of their culture   free from responsibility is a leftist .
 officialnifo  jakebonfante  nuancebro  seanhannity securing the border  stopping drugs smugglers traffickers etc  .
screenshots  new york post      an embarrassing  misleading editorial   they  too  should be ashamed  .
se dau banii de la stat  dac nu se emit aceste decizii  acele persoane pleac din funcii  oricine arfi .
screenshots  daily beast      does  foxnews hire wackos just to appeal to their viewers  or do they believe this    t  .
 gin and tacos  jbouie democrat leadership is so afraid of rocking the boat   this is why there will b no change beyo .
 cullos1234 and if theyre not basic  they want to be  because the company offers a bunch of benefits for employees .
   realdonaldtrump  presssec  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends  nra  rncrepublican  gop  dnc .
 tomjchicago watch pelosi go the 12 slots we want to focus on are  healthcare  daca  clean air     yea having a b .
 gop finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor bab .
 anonkmed  eliaseen1  shaunking  berniesanders what are you even talking about  are you undocumented is that what y .
on the 5th of september  donald trump cravenly had racist attorney general jeff sessions announce that he was termi .
 msnbc what would be great if democrats go for impeachment   then we get trump re elected and no daca.
queman viva a una joven por denunciar a quin la acos  .
 larryinstafford no it doesnt  because if it did you would have said something about daca and dapa yet you didnt say a damn thing .
 jackwild57  anntensity outside of building the wall  there are so many things trump could do right now to start fi .
 realdonaldtrump president donald trump  please  continue  the daca system    young people who have received the daca .
 realdonaldtrump in 2017  the donald trump administration ordered to phase out the daca system    last year  however  .
 realdonaldtrump president donald trump   retain  the daca system  please     there are approximately 800 000 illegal .
 telemundonews that man didn t do anything for 8 years   all i can think of is the unconstitutional damn daca and t .
fresno  come check out this undocumentary  listen to a man who is living out the rollercoaster that is daca  amp  those .
i m pretty sure that john kelly despises trump at this point       and by the way of a daca bill .
mic e bun daca nu e prea mic       .
 speakerpelosi your dream of turning america into a dystopia will not occur during your lifetime  should have been .
a q dio  fogo no cu pra trocar o icon  daca trs segundos  a praga do milnio.
 no daca  breitbartnews why do we put illegals in our prisons so they get food  shelter and health care  deport them .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump senator  how abt we pass bill to help students of gold star families   the men  amp  women .
 no daca apply liberally for 8 years as needed .
 no daca  ruggiere l planned parenthood needs to be funded  it is less expensive to provide birth control than it i .
  nusratjahanrafi denunci acoso en su escuela  la quemaron viva   .
 nuancebro we need a compromise  do daca  more judges  allow people to request asylum in their home countries  incr .
mioara roman mplinete 79 de ani  am sechestru pe tot  dac nu era oana  eram n strad   .
only 15422 hours until the end of president trump s first term   daca  chip  trumpcountdown.
 no daca  breitbartnews we charge for everything else  to enter america they should pay cash for immunizations  pap .
 fairimmigration  no daca  dailycaller  amber athey why do we have public housing again .
 clinteastwoodla  no daca  krvw  thedemocrats  repadamschiff  repmaxinewaters  speakerpelosi  repjerrynadler clint go back to hollywood .
 no daca  fairimmigration dems have to come back after the mueller report  that may not happen soon enough  they ha .
 purpleiscovfefe  hlaurora63 gave weapons to drug cartels    bowing to foreign leaders   trampled america on foreign so .
 markdice cnn  msnbc along with msm   backed a dead horse   trump got the wall no daca   trump got everyone better tax no .
 byrongoodmantx  anncoulter not true   obama passed daca without congress     trump could end anchor babies with one signature.
 objectivity2018  northwestglock  roscop1971  1776stonewall i ll only name a couple      daca  was illegal   irs  using .
 chirla    hi i was wondering  if i have received daca before do we still have to wait for that letter from immigrati .
 ahorasuena bejo   toma  amp  daca  prod  nico  amp  sandro jeeawock   todomenosmiedo .
 ahorasuena bejo   toma  amp  daca  prod  nico  amp  sandro jeeawock   todomenosmiedo .
 tonypaul45  seliw59 who  where  were they daca recipients  how do you know it was free  what are your sources        b .
obama refugee daca illegal alien charged with killing father of 10 in drunk driving crash  via  weaselzippers.
 mm stoica buna dimineata din spania   daca patronul nu este multumit cu actualul antrenor poate sa l ia pe sumudic .
 180lifer  benshapiro sorry  nope   nepotism  extortion  moneylaundering  racism  neonazis  daca  taxscam .
 gnvrbyd  csbaby  nickmiroff  washingtonpost if you read the news  you know that citizenship path daca once discuss .
different type of feeling when i meet someone else with daca .
 rocket bread  bigtopworker  raniakhalek people still believe that daca kids are children  hahaha .
 4everapatriot  lisamei62 obamacare   daca  iran deal   billions given away    a true constitutional crisis .
32        peing   .
 carlspry  qpatriot11  proud1patriot  no daca  eagleeyes1000  marinberal  qpatriot06  jhudson176  neyoungtweets .
 beeadeplorable  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters because conservatives respect our country more  we might not have l .
 no daca  krassenstein .
 tdotsmooth  real2offendisok  styx666official upset that ann flip flops  she hasnt  but simultaneously giving trum .
 lionelmedia to get the daca vote.
 claudet76047171  senschumer  speakerpelosi yes  cause all the other idiots that  took to the streets  were soooo s .
 no daca  krassenstein .
 voiculesti priority boarding inseamna si accesul cu  troller  la wizz si ryan  altfel ai voie maxim cu un rucsac p .
 todd j  melkorsbane obama made an effort to have a humane policy within no support in congress during a refugee cr .
 no daca  krassenstein have you forgotten that trump employs illegals at his properties   they can t be all that ba .
 cnn now lets get rid of daca  no different .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer let s read how you and sen schumer misled the public on daca and wanting to work with .
 hthcrow  cnn just like all the daca kids in this country  they need to go bye bye to .
dac citeti acest mesaj nseamn c m ai ajutat s ajung la 10 urmritori  mulumesc  .
adl sends passover message over email  makes it about immigration and daca  screw yourselves    jewish holiday      c .
yes  so important for us to prioritize non daca students .
  alleyoops  mkraju  danabashcnn omg you are just figuring this out  time for democrat voters to go back and look a .
 rinoa chikane  pllsirens  howe jacqueline  pll tp  castarafael96  jillian burkitt  khouloud 4  temera russell .
now playing ayo beatz  wavy boy smith   100 thousand  ayo beatz   wavyboysmith .
queman viva a una joven por denunciar a quin la acos  .
why do you think we can t get no  medicareforall  collegeforall  15hr  greennewdeal  daca  legalweed  democratic le .
 drjasonjohnson seems the dems more concerned about daca then ados  our ancestors had to hide in the woods with gun .
well darling pelosi no to daca    walshgina mo  robertforco  jimsmallwood co  hindashassan .
 cushingagnes that s not daca .
 viejojudio  gopchairwoman  trumps feed no   they actually offered him the wall in exchange for daca   .
another crazy statement by  realdonaldtrump        presssec  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends .
 ddale8  lynnsplace2018 it also said that a lot of criminal matters were referred to state  amp  federal prosecutors be .
 donthecon  trumpeters  trump  trumpmeme  potus  daca  takeaknee  donaldtrumpmemes  climatechange  immigration .
 katycarpman  drjasonjohnson i love it  dem liberals  the left antifa all them i m tired of illegal aliens daca tra .
ok un episodio sobre dreamers y daca y obvio que ya toy llorando pues niez  ilegal.
more damning than watergate iran contra or ken starr investigations must  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
ce se intampla daca amani refacerea d     prin  youtube.
 piggrumble  senschumer wanna start with what even obama called unconstitutional   daca      oh how about the dems ta .
spot reluare diferente si esente   ce se intampla daca amani refacerea d     prin  youtube.
we want ice in l a    two  latinos for  trump speak out  end illegal immigration  sendillegalshome is .
 1776betsyross  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters  potus  rudygiuliani  jaysekulow  judicialwatch  tomfitton agreed  t .
 congress we need to take care of business  fix daca now  establish term limits  fix our immigration system  stop wasting our tax dollars .
 charlottecuthbo  no daca but the drug mules were ok .
 no daca  kaitmarieox  berniesanders that was said   tongue in  cheek    i was referring  to ann s interview where .
 juansaaa  silviagarcia247 congratulation juan mi hijo tambin tiene daca y se lo que sentis si se puede amigo  siempre para adelante.
 cushingagnes  potus stop the dems don t even mention daca anymore  take the l  amp  move on already .
do you have daca  if you have any question about your process  come to your consulate of mexico nearest or dial .
 no daca  ruggiere l i do .
 kamalaharris they were not invited  but we all know this   your team of lying hypocrites block every effort to ste .
    dacaretain daca80    .
breaking my social media hiatus to retweet this   cholulaw  daca  wetooareniu .
 commonsensema16 the daca thing was a perfect example  he cancels the eo  tells republicans to codify it  no condit .
 no daca  breitbartnews indeed   i never forget about a couple of messages omar made when she first got into congre .
 bbrandt 1960  usbpchief  no daca we need to attend our own borders  make our intentions made known .
 98sundevil  no daca why is it the worst of the worst enter america illegally  we do  it have to give these people .
 cushingagnes  potus just stop       he offered the dems a daca fix last year knowing they would reject it     hasn t .
 charlottecuthbo  no daca enter by the back door and leave by the front .
that punting on immigration and daca  that i mentioned earlier  it s forever  trump s scotus picks will decide that .
 no daca amnesty my ass  oops did i type that  deport them today .
the democrats agenda for america  zero      the democrats solution for immigration  amp  daca  none      the democrats solution .
my heart is so full seeing the good work being done for  nird  when i was in hs  a scary time before  daca  i had t .
 foxnews too bad  daca is not legal and needs to be stopped at once  way past time  halt and deport .
 alextruica uma vez li que uns passageiros apanharam um avio na turquia para ir para daca no bangladesh e foram pa .
 sensherrodbrown you support foreign nationals trying to influence our elections everyday   daca  dapa.
 lt  lt    conspiraia filosovietic      procurorii mai arat c  dac soii ceauescu ar    .
 pagesix joe is an ass in all these years not to become a citizen however there are some exceptions to all rules  i .
 thehill so you think trump kept his election promises on daca and the wall    he made good on a lot of promises  but .
 kaitmarieox  no daca  berniesanders give ann coulter a call  she and the bern are best buds .
federal appeals court rules against trump administration on daca   foxnews.
 d  fie mil de animalele abandonate  urmeaz mi exemplul i adopt i tu 2 cei  chiar dac snt de usturoi     pr .
 mpetchenikwsb  wsbtv and you democrats are mad at trump because he wants to depot them all back  the democrats wan .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders on another note  your hate is showing  all you ve done .
dac dispar like urile de pe insta  dispar jumtate dintre influencerii din lumea ntreag  .
and you democrats are mad at trump because he wants to depot them all back  the democrats want daca and dreamers an .
 kwurapika cand se apropie sesiunea si te gandesti daca chiar iti trebuie licenta aia.
 thehill hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear deal  asia pacific agreement  d .
 officeofmike bernie hires a daca as spokesmen wtf.
 meltzer ben  irritatedwoman  senatorsinema  kjgillenwater  dhsgov daca is not amnesty since it didnt give daca re .
my environmental justice teacher is such a passionate lil peach she started crying in the middle of lecture today w .
 babecolate  falk you  nycmayor daca kids deserve a path to citizenship  but only legal citizens  and non felons  should be allowed to vote.
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump the american people dont care chuck  do your job  daca  border security   healthcare   tax cuts   .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders a lot of these illegals are willing to work in sometime .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders a considerable amount of daca recipients are young coll .
 aucadomom  gop  senatemajldr since when did your savior obama obey orders from mitch  when he wrote his e  o  on d .
i seninul cer albastru mndru lacrimile l prind    dar dac ar cdea toate  el rmne trist i gol       40 100.
dac boiul mi l nmldiiu  dac ochii mei mi plac    e temeiul c acestea fericit pe el l fac       24 100.
 andrea ioana  rominasoare acum se pune ntrebarea  cum de trit aa  nicicum  i cu toate astea putem spune ferm c .
 waltalexxander  danabashcnn  leaderhoyer definitely shouldnt have forgotten about daca  im so disgusted that we .
daca lucrurile vor degenera in continuare se va impune  forta paramilitara a clanurilor ce vor submina institutiile .
 bholton  joeyd1121  arthurschwartz  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump dems only answer it to investigate  waste more .
what does  ice  dhs  immigration  daca look like under a  kamalaharris administration     via .
 parcatoteu si dac tot am terminat  sa se vad i finalul  .
abia dup ce l am lsat pe fi miu la ps4 mi am dat seama c mai am nevoie de nc unul s o in i pe maic sa ocup .
renew your daca mija .
 no daca  breitbartnews make that 1 000 00.
 dbongino  danaperino in never land   obama broke law amp said so creating  daca  sent billions in cash illegally to ir .
 realdonaldtrump  2     immig fams  needless pr deaths  800k fed workers w o pay   daca youth   4 undermining amer .
 .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt  youtube daca muncim mai mult ii putem aduce si mai sus in trending      macar sa revina iar pe  5.
 marmotadecampie  e2e209be98ce4d6  veronicaelena20 bi  dac vrei  v las singuri    .
eti roman dac  te duci la magazin si cumperi ceva i i rmne rest 10  50 de bani iar vnztoarea i d bomboane sau guma  .
 dareisay1  no daca after today it will slow down a great deal  dems will still fight and not work with the preside .
 no daca yep he will be gone real soon .
market update  fannie mae did it again  borrowers under daca are now eligible with a 680 fico score  .
dac recipient de oel inoxidabil e bucuria ta    api s te tot c  i pe ea de via      bucharest  romania .
 stephendinan    daca      democrats    deferred   to   those who would take     action      build that wall      selective non .
non  la rpression syndicale dans lducation  urgence au collge j mercusot de sombernon  21    signez la ptitio .
 butterflywind  drlogicsupreme  congolesegerman  ynb  talibkweli  rasthafareye  urbantheory  peachesjenkins3 .
 no daca agreed   most attorneys these days don t bother to initiate a lawsuit unless they truly believe there is a .
 btsromaniaproj1  virginradioro  bts twt  roarmy nu obisnuiesc sa fac astfel de cereri dar m am strduit mult pentr .
 rominasoare credeam si eu asta odata  da  dar pana la urma suntem toate femei si toate avem nevoie de respect  ind .
 no daca  serremmy  mar4l  rl9631  jonz970  chelrbr  dusha al  emags69  juliemjjo  blue54rfc  wblscott1  pjbowles4 .
 kellyannepolls nothing  as per usual  democrats give the americans nothing   democrats offer nothing  give nothing .
sper c ai urmrit emisiunea lui mihai gadea n seara asta ncepnd cu ora 23  dac nu ai urmrit  ai pierdut  mult .
 no daca that pencil necked moron is a complete hack  the fact he is an elected official says a lot about his voter base.
trump is talking about a huge increase in legal immigration and has pushed an expansive daca deal  i am not your en .
 jonathanvoldan  kungfuteee  brisenia f  dntfollwmx clearly you have no first hand insight to how fucking hard it i .
 repjoekennedy collusion  daca  immigrants     oops sorry ill let you grasp at straws.
uite  io vreau s iniiez o petiie ctre veoreca i restul tuilor din guvernu  dac tot avem nevoie de for de m .
 incendios consecutivos en  daca generan preocupacin por regulaciones y seguridad en  bangladesh     dhaka .
dac vrei s vorbim  hai s vorbim .
 no daca  krassenstein that woman pictured all chummy with repubs once ran the massage parlor that kraft got busted .
augustin lazar va avea o pensie de 10 000 de euro pe luna  ati citit bine  cei carora le a rapit ani din viata si i .
tii de ce au fost inventate manelele    pentru atunci cnd esti fericit trist mai pe scurt pentru orice eveniment a .
 cnnpolitics how long can democrats distract daca kids  the poor  ignore potholes and collapsing bridges to continu .
 no daca  krassenstein .
 defineamerican we love that this gives priority to students without  daca    expandthedream  scholarships4all.
my daca renewal got approved and just arrived in the mail .
dac i fac un compliment nu trebuie sa ti o iei in cap .
 qpatriot11  proud1patriot  no daca  eagleeyes1000  marinberal  qpatriot06  carlspry  jhudson176  neyoungtweets .
dac i dau unfollow nu nseamn ca sunt suprat pe tine .
 proud1patriot     no daca    eagleeyes1000    marinberal     qpatriot06     carlspry    texaswild7     jhudson176    neyoungtweets .
drinking toilet water  widespread abuse  report details torture for child detainees        .
pe mine m au nvat prinii cand eram mic sa fiu puternica    dac cineva mi da o palma sa ii dau inapoi.
 stirbuteodora ah shit  daca era dreapta mai scapai de treaba .
de ce dac pun la story la sondaj     friend or crush   mi pun prietenele mele crush ca sa nu ma simt eu prost sau ce .
come join us april 26th     dacamented  dreamers  daca  ucsc    ucsc .
 no daca  krassenstein video can t be photoshopped       .
 immigration  daca  intled .
 flyproject pai daca brasil a fost hit   n avea cum sa nu fie si mexico   .
new post  juez bloquea decisin de trump de cancelar el daca  has been published on el periodico   .
 klubbingman pai i tu acum  numa motorul la aspirator e cu cteva kile mai mult dect vrjitoarea  sunt alea de m .
 gsiskind i cant believe they kicked the can down the road on daca  if they have ruled  we would be close to a pres .
daca iti mai trebuie ceva sa imi spui   ori aici ori pe facebook .
 btsromaniaproj1 da  asta fac  dar voiam s ntreb dac ar afecta votul chestia asta  search suggestion ban  dac celelalte sunt ok .
 paharnic te drecu ca esti degeaba daca nu mesteci guma in autobuz stoarfo.
ce e boy mare esti daca pui lantu lu tac to mare la gt   .
dac primesc seen   dau din partea casei un block super gustos .
degeaba esti frumoasa dac ti o iei de la toi in gura.
 shirley42842516  lqs1983  moocowpup  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump people can deceive you  millions think obama .
 theperezhilton interesting  now let me hear your hypocritical take on  daca recipients  this entire family should .
 imixwhatilike  jailedprincss6  sankofascholar  sandydarity  mrhick01  noblyrogue  ncobra40 hr 40 was mentioned to .
bsgstnormal text   83d5e10b daca 4a8d a9b9 33a935465e3a.
student opinion  daca does not make kids u s  citizens but it should    .
 somosreferentes  x  ellas   jahan rafi  la  joven de 19 aos quemada viva en la ciudad de feni  a unos 160 kilmet .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders research  that s what i ve been doing this entire time  .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders his  solutions  also hurt legal immigration as well and .
 no daca  krassenstein .
 no daca  krassenstein .
a daca client i had yesterday really went out his way to find me on snap  amp  add me   stalkingatitsfinest .
 no daca  krassenstein .
i dac s ar fi aflat la intrarea n coal  dup cum prevedea rof ul  avea mai multe anse s scape sau cum  .
reminder our scholarship is due soon  apply apply apply      immigration  immigrant  undocumented  ny  education .
 gabrielmalor so obama can be charged with obstruction for daca  and congress could have prohibited how actions not .
 no daca  krassenstein for republicans  it s called a reduced sentence for a close friend a trump  .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti no   the truth is my guide   .
cimitirul e o odihn  eliberatoare  chiar dac moartea e nefireasc pentru om  cimitirul e hotelul trupului nostru .
 no daca  breitbartnews this must stop   march on washington .
dac eti aa slab  stai departe de orice aspirator  .
 kristagogirl  viridia10999940  dancrenshawtx shes an immigrant who supports daca with no appreciation for what ou .
 erikaandiola they arent cages  time to round up activist daca illegals and deport them   icegov.
poi s speli picioarele frailor ti  dac le slujeti cu dragoste i cu mult contiin .
only 15428 hours until the end of president trump s first term   drumpf  daca  trumpcountdown.
 ewarren you could start by fixing immigration laws   you are a disgrace   realdonaldtrump offered you citizenship .
 pastorlocke build the wall  deport all central americans invaders  deportation for all tps beneficiaries and illeg .
 no daca  breitbartnews it is about a town in arizona  overrun with illegals who have no money   food or shelter .
i don t support the dream act or beneficiaries of daca  but i don t  attack people personally   i m black   i have .
 pegasusco99  themarkpantano  rileyrogue  potus deport daca dreamers who are no longer protected when congress waff .
 roarmy verificai va conturile  daca sunteti banned  faceti alte conturi       bts twt.
my daca got approved for two more years  thank ya jesus.
thank you  newamericanecon for your important research on the impact that granting daca recipients in state tuition .
 profmromania  bts twt iar mentionarea romaniei ca singura tara din europa intr un articol scris de compania lor   .
its super key for everyone  including daca and green card holders  to have a plan of action bc it is during those .
dac omul nu l recunoate pe dumnezeu ntrupat  nu l va putea ntmpina pe domnul  e ca atunci cnd domnul isus a .
dac eti prost i ai nervi nu ma injura pe mine prostule.
 marmotadecampie  veronicaelena20 dac nchizi ochii l auzi pe leo iorga live la disco ring      dac e s ctig  .
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump immigrants storming our borders  daca adults knowing the laws and still not trying .
 divapolitical  washingtonpost     because some of those citizens are children of  or married to undocumented perso .
daca recipients        if you wish to renew your daca please join us on saturday at 9am for our daca renewal legal clin .
 defnotadriana if i was a daca recipient would you help me find them .
 cuny queens college students  immigrant  undocumented  daca .
and the democrats continue to forget daca .
dumitru dragomir  acuzaii grave dup vnzarea drepturilor tv  dac fceam eu asta  marestau  .
 realdonaldtrump mr president now that this mueller report is out can we start talking about daca since the democra .
cand mor vreau ca toate organele mele ce pot fi folosite in continuare sa fie donate catre persoanele ce au nevoie .
 mmflint you liberals should thank god that trump doesn t have 100  autonomy  if he did  we d have a wall  no sanct .
 ipostaze  veronicaelena20 nu e de colea un concediu gratis la forum  dac nchizi ochii i astupi urechile  poi s .
we will be writing love letters to those detained tomorrow with help from  queerdep       join us          immigration .
s o ducem i la circ dup  dac tot am machiat o aa .
 basarab84  mihaihristea fut ne stalin pe toi pe rnd dac ajungem la din astea  da de s a prvli tot s citim p .
ce ar fi daca politicientii ar veni si ei cu propaganda pozitiva sa spuna ce ar face ei nu sa arunce cu noroi unii .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders also i m sure that no matter how many sources i provide .
nimic esti tu  dragnea  in maretul program educatia era prioritate  acum invita profesorii sa plece din tara daca n .
 no daca  redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders are you sure that s the case  because it seems that tra .
 britebluedot yeah              daca   dapa .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
dac citeti acest mesaj nseamn c m ai ajutat s ajung la 10 urmritori  mulumesc     bts twt     roarmy.
 kdestefanis  mjeternally777  lynnt09  brendarichie alina  nu le baga in seama ca s cele mai tampite de pe aici   m .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
take this opportunity and learn more about daca students at the ua  learn about the experience and struggle daca st .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
the trump administration has separated more than 2 800 children from their parents crossing the border .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 danalexe007 hmmm  de ce sa dai banii pe avion cnd poi sa ii pui pe toi intr o singura cursa pe un singur vapor  .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 cmkinmia  time daca.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 ronaldklain in an alternate universe  my doppelganger watched hillary fire james comey  and wondered aloud if the .
 loganelliott218 like i get the idea of having ids but dmvs are hell  to renew my daca  it literally takes 10 minut .
 dacomax  uita te la chart ul de 2 luni  asteapta sa se termine luna  daca e asa cum e acum   morning star  totu .
 no daca  breitbartnews good question i think this town is finding out   but this is the democrats plan   soros and .
daca ar exista tara prostilor  tu ai fi capitala    .
 profmromania ar fi superb daca i am auzi pe bts si pe la radio haideti sa fim open minded si sa trecem peste faptu .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
as vrea ca chris sa fie biasul meu dar  nu prea vorbeste  daca ar vorbi cat gary da  dar asa  ma uit la el si la ba .
this  the feeling reality of renewing daca is bittersweet  its both a relief  amp  a source of frustration  congress n .
if this is not collusion what is   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
if this is not obstruction then what is   impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
dac voia s ajute la traficul din bucureti  primarul firea ar fi liberalizat transportul n comun  ca s avem mai .
 divaadc  irritatedwoman  senatorsinema  kjgillenwater  dhsgov obama did as well  via daca .
lelia munteanu  dac vestea c dragnea e o a ajuns pn n dumbrvenii sucevei  nseamn c nici psd ul nu mai e .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 challenges related to serving patients who are undocumented immigrants have been surfacing in the clinic for appro .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
eu sunt catolica duminica serbez pastiul dar il serbez si pe cel ortodox  oricum trebuie sarbat ca daca vine si la .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 mikelevinca  davidyankovich what about ignorance of the law is no excuse 4 commission of a crime   doj  maga .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
we celebrate our more than 30  daca medical students  loyolahsd stritch school of medicine on  unitedwedream nation .
 no daca get a job like every single american that has the same problem  america is not your piggy bank .
 dariathepeach i takes time   conscious and consistent effort  si ajutor specializat  dac e nevoie .
russians bought congress to do their bidding   amp  still doing it    congress   immigration  daca  russia  noko  china  .
 democrats will do everything they can to not work on behalf of the residents  amp  citizens of the  unitedstates   wh .
 sjwebster500gm1  lasvegasgps  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump he hasnt done all he could  he could have  when congres .
 muellerreport states clearly 10 incidents of obstruction  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
dac te pricepi la fotbal  n ai voie s nu recunoti personajul cu fular rou  .
democrats change everything  thats how these daca kids they ain t got the stars and stay which the.
dac te pricepi la fotbal  n ai voie s nu recunoti personajul cu fular rou .
 muellerreport barr decided no felony charge because trumps were too stupid 2 hold intent what about ignorance of l .
 no daca i d like to know why these ppl think they they can just walk in and then join a protest waving their flag  .
 no daca  krassenstein republicans like them young  real young     .
 stirileprotv e uor s zici de cineva c e hot  dar dac avei dovezi  de ce nu l da ti in judecat  c vreun zia .
 muellerreport gives evidence of obstruction  amp  collusion  impeachbarr 4 lies  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
democrats call 4 ag barr 2 resign  americans voted for healthcare  citizenship pathway 4 daca  amp  immigration reform  .
 studickie1  mdgmedia  bigpicguy  torontostar biggest pile i crap i have read in a long time   are you ignoring the .
 muellerreport this begs the  if trump s staff refusing 2 carry out his illegal orders then who s running the govt .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump i blocked them.
daca cerul se va rupe si o sa ploua iar  vreau sa stii ca s langa tine pana la final     si fost totul cand nimic er .
 tomhewittnews im marrying a angel or a daca recipient .
outrageous enough 2  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 title ix   daca   freecollege   eddata  deregulation v  consumer protection  amp  more     delecewrites reports on how .
mi am dat seama c dac m rneti nu am de ce sa plang pentru tine ci s fiu fericita c mi am dat seama cine eti .
daca pacaliciul asta de junior are valoare pai ianintea lui ar trebui sa plece alti  vreo 20 40 de jucatori din ro si apoi    el .
 no daca  fairimmigration  rtv6 this is how they live and survive in america    xheats  liars  criminals.
 clotilde armand sper s ia aminte oamenii de acolo i toi susintorii p s d  cum sunt privii  de fapt  de p s d .
 no daca  krassenstein .
  like dac i tu atepi cu nerbdare meciul        sustinestiinta    asaelacraiova     vinopestadion .
read this long thread amp  the  muellerreport  amp  u will agree  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2 .
 marmotadecampie  silviufoca  ionutzelgabriel  capitan bera  rmalutan  corina mitroi  itmorar  veronicaelena20 .
 no daca  krassenstein .
 no daca  krassenstein .
tii de ce e important s ai o atitudine pozitiv fa de copilul tu          pentru c un copil nregistreaz i imit .
se spune c artistul triete venic prin lucrrile sale  dac i tu ai aceast superputere i vrei s ne ari cum .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump stop already  why aren t you working to fix the immigration laws  why aren t you working .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you are blinded by your trumptardism .
 gt  subiect     gt  gnduri     gt      gt                  gnduri    gt   viaa nu face zgomot  trece att    gt  de uor  nct dac nu et .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt sti cumva daca pot sa am 2 conturi premium pe acelas card   si cati followers trebuie sa .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you have yet to have a conver .
dac mi dai mesaj cu  salut  c bun esti deja  s nu crezi c o s i rspund gen esti cringe   .
 steveavonloor  repdavideprice daca shouldnt be offered to border crossers only people who come by plane.
 yeboi45072687  piiotjonez  ruinkissy is creating daca for immigrant children  welcoming almost 20000 syrian refuge .
ce riti dac ncerci s scapi de reclamele enervante de pe internet .
ora 17 30   tudorel toader anun dac demisioneaz sau ateapt s fie demis de premier .
cte calorii poi pierde dac faci bi lungi i fierbini  iat ce spun cercettorii  .
daca nu mancati miel  un drob din carne si ficat de pui e alegerea perfecta  mozaicul din carne si oua e tare placu .
screenshots  shareblue media      liar like all trump s toadies   a  whitehouse drowning in shame        realdonaldtrump .
 com200 katelynn tells the story of her friend how is in the us on daca and the issue of immigration became more im .
drobul meu de miel este fin  cremos  nu se sfarama  se taie frumos  are gust usor picant  de primavara  aspectul il .
atenionare de cltorie  dac vrei s plecai n grecia n vacana de pate sau de 1 mai  trebuie s citii avert .
 bogdantatuta  ipostaze nu e numai cretere  e i mrirea probabilitii de a i gsi altceva dac se nchide firm .
 rmalutan dac ai horno pe msur  mi pare ru c n am pus ceva lng el ca s avei proporia corect  cred c ar .
daca iubita  .
 cd liviu  radusmall stai  m  calm  dac te scoate o echip cu chiriche n teren  atunci nu merii semifinala  e .
dac pensiile se tripleaz  preurile o pun de o orgie  .
 no daca  krassenstein lol   breitbart .
yall       dems keep telling us how wrong it is to make daca kids pay for their parents crimes      yet somehow white peo .
 muellerreport the most critical reading is redacted everything else is fluff  meanwhile  childrenincages .
 anam bts  profmromania daca ar vrea sa fie ca in occident  i ar difuza  acolo sunt si difuzati si respectati  nu s .
 cubx3 yeah  but for what purpose  obama  extended the limits of presidential power  because of daca  he did that t .
 items956  govbrewer  realdonaldtrump of course  after they are deported  then apply for citizenship and then wait .
there could be a solution  the dream  amp  promise act would provide a way toward permanent residency for those on daca  tps   amp  ded .
 adriano qld saxonii nu inteleg cuvintele daca nu sint scrise pe limba lor .
students who are daca recipients are incredibly  amp  unjustly marginalized  as they are extremely limited in their pol .
va fi o mare emulaie cnd se va juca primul meci aici  cu chiajna  au bgat 17 milioane n nite vruial i ct .
claudia moguel  daca recipient        theres a lot of fear and anxiety growing up undocumented  through my parents s .
 no daca  krassenstein .
puini tiu asta despre numrul de telefon  ce nseamn dac cifra predominant este 5  cifra 8 e foarteimportant .
policies have real life consequences  and they happen to our students every day        last year  we  with  ut nahj  wr .
 no daca  speakerpelosi damn she better have one big ass mail box now  can you only imagine if every patriot signed .
 aylafortrump  aglchaos the dems wont pass any legislation    including their beloved daca and green new deal      this .
 ruggiere l  no daca contraception has nothing to do with our government and vice versa .
 no daca dl are not available to illegals from a state  they could obtain a international dl  america gives nothing .
am infectat laptopul cu un virus       daca primiti de la mine orice link nu atingeti   .
 usr romania  cel mai bun   ce bine ar fi s fie detalaiat  pentru ca noi alegtorii s decidem dac e bun sau nu.
 scottlanghoff  no daca immigration and illegal immigration needs a stopping point  first we close our borders  dep .
 bogdantatuta sunt convins     daca nici asta nu mai functioneaza  e grav .
ion cristoiu  despre operaiunea teroritii de la revoluia  89   a fost att de bine fcut  nct nu cred c .
over daca bill  and the gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon gallon.
 erik3eger  gopchairwoman  trumps feed he reneged  nope  they refused to discuss the wall even when he gave them what they wanted on daca .
 no daca yippie.
 no daca racism  i claim that our boarders are being repeatedly raped  abuse and taken advantage of  thanks latino people .
dragnea la suceava  o s v rspund  cnd e momentul  dac voi candida  dar haidei s ne concentrm acum la aleger .
dac fiecare cumprtor ar dispune de un astfel de aparat  productorii care folosesc excesiv pesticide n produsel .
100 000  illegal aliens apprehended last month alone       750 000  work permits given to illegal aliens since 2017       o .
 bogdantatuta pai si daca termini o coal ceva nu ajungi geniu ala care citete oamenii perfect i tie cum sa ac .
 adevarul i dac nu funcioneaz dn prima  .
manchester united  arsenal i chelsea pot rata calificarea n liga campionilor chiar dac termin pe locul 4 n pre .
 no daca the bus should keep going to  speakerpelosi gated community .
 reasxnlol e adevarat  doar ca daca nu esti nr 1 nu ai voie sa comentezi despre nivel   imo  .
 right now  they are living without any health care whatsoever and hoping there isnt an emergency  rep  delia ram .
 no daca  breitbarttexas trump keeps giving congress choices and enough rope to hang themselves  they are msking poor choices .
the central carolina community foundation  a travs de su proyecto the latino experience  invitan a la comunidad .
 nerfdaca  zelltarian yeah our idea daca.
 awpmid e cam adevarat tho  daca zicea asta mariangamingy2bxxjohncena era la fel de adevarat doar ca easier to swallow .
 teampelosi  senkamalaharris  repcummings  repadamschiff  repswalwell  whipclyburn  senschumer  repjerrynadler      now .
 tbt      tps  daca  and ded recipients deserve a stable future  and we ll keep fighting until we get it  .
 paharnic daca nu esti cat o scandura si nu te tragi din usa cand coboara lumea esti proasta fa.
i dac tot mi a adus aminte  make2000 de queen  iat piesa mea preferat    muzicapetwitter.
dac ne am desprit nu nseamn ca nu te mai iubesc.
 zpirrone  never a fan  cbsnews you missed his pro choice   gnd   gun control   union   healthcare reform   daca  a .
dac ma iubeai nu renunai aa uor la mine.
 trish132 always  don t be a stranger to wd   the kettle s always on at daca   .
visele tale nu se risipesc  dar nici nu zboar dac nu le dai aripi    gseti tricoul aici .
cica iti pasa de mine    dude daca iti pasa de mine mai dadeai si tu un buna pe acolo  .
 miritaechim  joyfuiiness se stieeeee    apropo  ai ascultat clovnu   daca nu   cauta pe yt  nu o sa regrei        e altceva .
 staceyabrams unless you re an illegal immigrant or a daca person.
daca dragnea ar intelege responsabilitatea functiei sale  ar trebui sa ii prezinte imediat scuze  in mod public  sp .
so like the millions of dollars daca recipients pay in taxes means nothing.
so students getting thrown in jail because they have to chose between education and daca renewal is okay then.
treapta central falcon heavy recuperat iniial pe barj  dar care a czut ulterior  a ajuns la rm  dei partea .
im proud to announce that i am running for miss la pride 2019 2020       amp  with every donation raised it helps provide .
 lnairel  idril alba sois siquiera conscientes de que todo esto que estis montando entre dos o tres viene de un r .
 oscar daca creo voy a optar por salirme de la casa.
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump you are part of history  the defense of a corrupt president by lost the popular vot .
the biggest flaw of vision is probably nc  in a vote to write a resolution to support daca students she voted to ab .
 speakerpelosi please stop wasting taxpayer money on absurd investigations   please get on with real issues that ne .
 secofbitcoin daca was illegal.
 usbpchief  no daca why arent the democratic voters asking their representatives to put a stop to all of this  beca .
el programa bilinge del distrito escolar de beloit y la escuela hackett le invitan a   ver detalles en  la postcar .
heyo  acum cteva minute am auzit ca jin va prsi bts si va merge n armat in 2020  am citit ca daca min va iei .
 scottlanghoff  no daca the democrates know this also but still keep advocating for more  amp  more illegals be allowed .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump he needs to put up then shut up .
 secretarycarson  realdonaldtrump explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishing d .
 inshadowz  no daca  realdonaldtrump thank god   make sure to keep your ass in norway  .
 no daca  inshadowz  realdonaldtrump and will still be and win 2020 very easily      with bernie selling out to hil .
 hudpacific explosive story by  nidhiprakash w   buzzfeednews suggesting trump is punishing daca recipients by deny .
 inshadowz  no daca  realdonaldtrump then mind your own country  cause we dont give a damn about yours .
 no daca  maperettedm insanity  i literally cant even process the lunacy this nation is allowing.
 no daca  realdonaldtrump oh  i just realised something  trump actually  isn t  my president  .
  chashamas new gallery is dedicated to immigrant artists  see  esperanza de otro mundo posible   a multimedia exh .
 no daca the democrates are showing their true colors  none of them want illegals in their neighborhoods but they r .
 danymake lux  dac a tii c sunt rezerv la juventus u23  de preferat inter  mi a da demisia de la cehi .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream i saw an article saying that democrats were willing to compr .
i ce dac a ales s plece  d i seama c tot ceea ce ai pierdut tu a fost timpul .
 dreamandpromisenow      .
 defnotadriana ok  heres your    its not racist to believe daca is bad policy  executive overreach  which feder .
 bogdantatuta depinde de cauze     si eu ma simteam la fel  dar de cand m am lasat de tigari si m am apucat sa si con .
excelent  avem nevoie de forta de munca  daca ai nostri nu mai sunt ii facem si noi pe altii de ai nostri   lt 3 .
daca momoa poate renunta la barba  pot si eu sa renunt de tot la plastic  .
 daninhodj      mai    e bine si acolo daca stai sa te gandesti     .
 no daca  breitbartnews these are just the kids  that means as many adults if only just 1 comes with each kid  we h .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream pay taxes you mean get their freedom dividend  amp  get free me .
 ce minunat este dac reueti  un om cu o trire discret i simpl s fii   .
 actifypress daca s b law  no one raised here should be forced to go back to a place they ve never known       military .
chiar daca ne mai supara cate ceva  important e sa ne pastram mintea limpede        oldiedagoldie din  cameradegarda .
dac vrei s fii un adevrat lider  ncepe prin a fi un adevrat coleg  .
i am not gonna fall for political schmoozing  if you want people to not think youre anti daca then say it with you .
ce faci cnd a czut curentul  pui mna pe telefon  dar dac nu i rspunde nimeni     .
 moving the thousands of refugees currently in detention to sanctuary cities is literally achieving the opposite of .
just deposited my tax return and set up an appointment for my daca renewal   big mf moves .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump  stephenmilleral  stephenbannon  tuckercarlson  ingrahamangle  seanhannity  oann  foxnews .
dac nu mi spune cineva rapid ce a fcut tuzgurel  v blochez p to .
i am definitely not paying to sit  amp  drink coffee with someone who doesnt believe daca recipients deserve protectio .
 kellyo kelly really wish you would have worked this hard when hrc and bho was trashing the consistution  doing dac .
 no daca seriously .
one for me  one for a friend     v zic dac iese lavanda bine  dac nu  mu v zic               colorful  hair  marianila .
hey  speakerpelosi   you need to move on from this endless witch hunt  it s time to fix immigration  daca   health .
 oscar daca es la buchona que me viene a jalar los pies por rerme de ella .
romnia n direct  dac autoritile ar vrea s aduc 500 de mii de lucrtori pakistanezi  aceasta ar fi o veste bu .
college education for all daca recipient and illegal immigrants  they also turn down giving the same consideration .
man  i really hope a path to legalization for all daca and tps holders  tps holders pay  4 6 billion in taxes yearl .
 bigbidnessonly he said something along the lines of  those poor daca kids  if they were born here  they should hav .
daca aveti nevoie de niste lemne  de foc     .
 dalemadhaz  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump absolutely not  crime was worse in 2017 when migration was low  theyre c .
the unafraid follows 3 daca students as they fight for education  don t miss this great event featuring a free scre .
 maximilianioan  iraphahell ah  nu am zis ca o sa moara prea curand  dar s ar putea intampla  putine jocuri mentin .
liviu dragnea a luat n vizor nc un ef de companie de stat  s nu credei c dac suntei nconjurat de 8  9 fo .
un pic de demnitate   adrian punescu       i dac le am pierdut pe toate    s ne pstrm i noi att    mcar un pic de .
 profmromania dac i ai pune la radio ar fi altceva   .
 viejojudio  gopchairwoman  trumps feed thats actually not true on daca  he reneged on a deal with chuck and nancy on daca .
the mc is proud to sponsor the inaugural eagle dreamers training at  unt where faculty  staff   amp  students are learn .
dragnea  la un miting electoral n suceava   moldova a fost minit i exploatat electoral pn acum  nu ajutat  .
 erik3eger  gopchairwoman  trumps feed buck certainly stops with potus  but  he needs congress to cooperate or at l .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  thedemocrats have become charlie brown s teacher  wonk  wonk  wonk  wonk  wonk   b .
dac partea francez se va adresa cu o rugminte n acest sens  rusia va rspunde afirmativ  .
 rr dxb pentru regimul de pana in 89 tradator erai si daca fugeai din tara sau vorbeai la europa libera        importan .
 n toamn  alegerile prezideniale  atunci e momentul cnd trebuie s eliberm romnia de aceast cpu care se n .
 senhorraposa as someone who donated to kay hagan in 2014  she sucked on a lot of issues  she voted against daca .
gata  ma duc in pantaloni scurti la baschet chiar daca e frig.
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump is that what you told dapa     is that the excuse you gave daca   is that what you re t .
 vlad maria12 pai romanii in loc sa aiba ei  mai bine merg pe la altii  daca nu facem nimic  nu lasam nimic bun in .
 no daca  breitbarttexas we need military drones that hunt other drones and disable them electronically or just shoot them down .
sanders goes on to say     we need to provide legal status to those  daca  people  the number may be over 3 millio .
nu esti betiv daca bei o carafa de vin    .
 stlgooner  krassenstein whatever happened to the dems preeminent crusade for daca students .
 kolat ca  afc anto daca guvernul e determinat sa aduca pakistanezi  o sa ii aduca oricum  nu conteaza ca e cnv impotriva lor .
2  precisamente est dejando sin efecto el valor de los diezmos y las ofrendas porque el amor y la gracia no es un .
 michelleinbklyn wait so obama admitting that daca was unconstitutional but doing it anyway didn t bother you but b .
 bhm     fba     tangibles2020      dream and promise act of 2019 on the table  which would give permanent legal protection .
dac nu te susine nimeni  nu i problem  descurc te pe cont propriu  las i cu gura cscat .
dac n campionatul de seniori inter petrila nu mai poate spera la prima poziie  echipa old boys petrila intete .
 clotilde armand campaniile electorale viitoare vor semna a expediii punitive  vin la noi  ne trateaz ca pe imbe .
join us for a presentation focusing on how we as students  faculty and staff can support undocumented and  daca stu .
liviu dragnea  preedintele psd  i a gsit o nou int  ion sterial  directorul transgaz  liderul psd     .
.
 teambettencourt  texassenategop what about the ones that got in  my daca neighbor wont marry the illegal alien th .
dac stai mai mult de 0 2 secunde s te dai jos din bus mic te n rniii m tii c sunt 3 cm nu sari din pod.
dac v dor picioarele  genunchii sau aveti dureri de old  aici sunt 6 exerciii pentru a scpa de acestea  .
 va ncerca mereu sa te opreasc sa mai spui ca nu eti bun  i i va spune multe din calitile tale  te va face .
 andrewpollackfl daca recipient .
 repmarkmeadows  donaldjtrumpjr atte     look what happens when you click on  foxnews  it sends us to daca protesto .
 no daca  breitbartnews the fifth column intent on destroying our country     democratsaredestroyingamerica.
 donaldjtrumpjr look what happens when you click on  foxnews  it sends us to daca protestors from nov  18th 2018 and news of this date.
 realdonaldtrump look what happens when you click on  foxnews  it sends us to daca protestors from nov  18th 2018 and news of this date.
daca sunt intrebari  astept mesj in privat .
 no daca love that the president made this announcement  we are seeing the true colors of the dems and it is funny  .
 davidwaddell5  007jorgeenrique ann  ann  ann  you seem so mad at the president and the republican base in general  .
no matter what party you are from  shouldnt we as a nation be happy that no american colluded with the russians  .
 realsaavedra 2 spanish girls  daca.
 misshellca  nobodyinco  spaceforcebravo  phil mckraken  alterhan  faihad  markkdinges  omgbecky123456  pwrcane1 .
 thehill nice to see a democrat finally admit how the democrat party uses illegals and other immigrants as politica .
 kurtschlichter  townhallcom this didn t used to be my opinion  even tho assobama acted unconstitutionally on daca .
 basarab84  aveconstant  mihaihristea ar fi foarte corect daca iulius filip    i ar da cu decoratia in cap lui .
supporting daca students  heretostay  educationnotdeportation  wearechavez  undoculobos  liveunafraid  nird .
mai greu cu minciunile cnd eti n faa oamenilor  dac aa interacioneaz cu publicul candidatul psd la preedin .
feds  1 in 4 inmates are foreign born  costing u s  taxpayers  1 4b annually  via .
1800 migrants illegally enter el paso sector in one day  via  breitbarttexas .
holy crap  there is substantial evidence to show that 58  of americans are frustrated and angry at the undermining .
 maperettedm  no daca the delusion is unreal  i live in nj and being a sanctuary state they already gave the go ahe .
 basarab84  aveconstant gds ar putea fi istorie daca le ar taia finantarea  dar cei de la psd sunt prea molaii sa faca asta .
screenshots  politico       mafiadon has an amazing capacity to attract and hire toadies to serve the needs of his .
 no daca  reclaimers76 such lunacy .
bine de tiut  ce se ntmpl dac mnnci miere cu nuci n fiecare zi  efectul este imediat   .
bine de tiut  ce se ntmpl dac mnnci miere cu nuci n fiecare zi  efectul este imediat   .
bine de tiut  ce se ntmpl dac mnnci miere cu nuci n fiecare zi  efectul este imediat   .
 oliabraguta mai adaugati lentile  min   10h zi in fata monitorului si daca nui destul atunci in israel is in medie 3 .
drangea  n campanie la suceava  v rspuns  cnd e momentul  dac voi candida  trebuie s eliberm romnia de acea .
 i0n1ca  oana47313252 ionic  nu poi sa apreciezi trandafirii dac nu ai buda in curte   .
tudorele  profesore  savantule  eminentule  juristule mondial  treci peste ocul c nu eti indispensabil i  dac .
breaking  tudorel toader anun c i d demisia .
lets go  potus  the lack of adequate resources forced authorities to release 18 500 illegal immigrants from federal .
 marmotadecampie daca ti se suspenda permisul 60 90 zile dupa 30 zile poti da examen de redobandite permis  unde di .
declaraie aproape profetic  acum cteva zile la bruxelles  dac demolm din europa catedralele  simbolurile relig .
dac vor mai vinde telefoane mobile incompatibile cu ro alert  comercianii vor fi amendaidrastic .
 lucy2300090  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump    as for daca  it has a finite duration  current asylum seekers are not .
liviu dragnea  despre candidatura la prezideniale  o s v rspund  cnd e momentul  dac voicandida .
 dalemadhaz  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump hold on  after obama created daca  millions of uacs  amp  families crossed t .
dac nu doare nseamn c nu avem nimic  da  ntr adevr la nceput nu doare  ns prevenia este mama tuturor pr .
   realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends  nra  rncrepublican  gop  dnc  potus45 .
 reneecarrollaz they need to spend our money blocking them from entry and deporting every last single one  american .
daca iti tii banii la saltea inseamna ca faci sex pe bani .
la  europafmromania romnia n direct  dac autoritile ar vrea s aduc 500 de mii de lucrtori pakistanezi  acea .
what a    being a crooked president is not a  game         realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
credeti ca oamenii ar mai avea boli daca ar primi poze cu talpi in fiecare zi nu prea cred.
atenie constneni   cum trebuie s procedezi dac ai de restituit subveniile primite pentru nclzirea locuinei .
excerpts  vox       realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends  nra  rncrepublican  gop .
 repealvawa  sengarypeters  sentinasmith  clairecmc  mccaskilloffice    sencortezmasto  maziehirono  brianschatz .
met with  repcardenas yesterday to discuss my story and immigration  it was an honor to invited to his office  .
dac nu s ar scrie aici despre facebook  a uita cu totul c exist    eu i zic messenger    am whatsapp  twitter  instagram i messenger .
 aveconstant  mihaihristea in cazul asta  daca iulius filip ii refuza plavanului decoratia  legandu l totodata de t .
alin mitua  psd vrea s aduc pakistanezi s lucreze n romnia  dei avem peste 4 milioane de romni n rile ue .
vatican palace has         billions  this is pope francis look out  his business to attend to  help your own people .
 chuckcallesto why is he not working on the budget  immigration or daca instead of doing something it is illegal.
 itskiiraa  pot sa trec sa vad daca inca e suparat.
noi amintiri este cel mai recent single two  amp  sandra n  va invit sa l ascultati si daca va place sa l distributi ma .
 ipostaze dac eti rcit i rmne lipit de crat  vot nul .
 foxnews daca is unconstitutional  what s there to rule against trump for  send them all back .
ultima or liviu dragnea vorbete  n premier  de canidatura la prezideniale  o s v rspund  cnd e momentul  .
 teelou40 i know  right had they eradicated racism in tx  where this person is frm  b4 trump took office  why wasn  .
 no daca  edkrassen .
alo  ploietiul  dac v miroase nasol n cas de la lukoil  petrom  rompetrol  dac v tuete copilul de un an i .
 cristiscutariu 65 de milioane de euro a costat aymeric laporte  a plecat la clauza  plus tva si taxele aferente st .
 leqaf2  knitvspurl  jennifro  bailpirate  paul vandermeer r u saying that hillary harris warren klobucher gillibra .
 realdonaldtrump mr persident  love your merit based citizenship program    how about with daca kids    daca kids with .
asta e stirea anului  daca nu a ultimilor 30 de ani  agentura komintern numita gds pare ca se dizolva  .
we have helpful resources on our website  such as our blog       emory financial   jon lam  thehonestlender   nmls   393986 .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann president trump  sir   been thinking about the daca kids lately  like your proposal .
if yall didnt learn this with the d ily beacon  everyone is getting hounded until i know for certain daca recipie .
 leqaf2  knitvspurl  jennifro  bailpirate  paul vandermeer moving party 2far left not necessarily good it dissuades .
on immigration  have the men seeking asylum help to build a massive tent city  offer the left one more time legal s .
 dalemadhaz  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump oh  i know he did and good for him  he did create daca that started this .
 no daca  fairimmigration  rtv6 6 down only 38 999 994 to go .
daca  deferred action for childhood arrivals   houstontexas  inenglish .
 jimbackus8  susjjenn  denall3  saracarterdc idiot propaganda from the left     the true disease    but no worries  .
congratulations  volsvotevision   we are excited to see you all promote a safe and welcoming environment to all stu .
dac ai fost o victim sau cunoti o victim a violenei domestice  atunci stii cata nevoie are o astfel de femeie .
svi jedva ekamo vikend  da odmorimo i druimo se sa svojim najdraima  provedite dragoceno vreme  a mi emo se pob .
daca recipients are 100  part of the group of people i am studying to defend so im glad yall think their lives are .
if see a yellow shirt anywhere today  you better get ready to answer if daca recipients can be protected under ur d .
dem can win  ifwevote no protest non votes in 2020  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
tudorel toader face declaraii la ora 17 30  ministerul justiiei este ateptat s anune dac demisioneaz saunu .
 andrewpollackfl speaking spanish  probably daca.
 teampelosi women have the power 2 change everything  ifwevote no protest non votes in 2020  flipthesenate 2020 .
dac obinuieti s foloseti linkedin ca resurs de promovare n social media a businessului tu este posibil ca n .
daca tot vorbim de povesti    .
exactly   maga  muellerreport  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
poi merge la bunici   poi face o petrecere n pijamale cu prietenele tale   poi merge n parc cu prietenii   pot .
am simit foarte mult trendul ascendent al reorganizrilor n cadrul procedurilor de insolven  dac vorbim de un .
aacrao has trending topics that we curate content for  just for you  some hot topics currently include criminal his .
dac n urm cu civa ani  cripto monedele  ico  initial coin offering  i blockchain preau nite concepte futuri .
yall have yet to address my questions  are daca recipients still protected under ur d amp i policy if your prez is a .
line        peing   .
 bizarrobarr is chief info officer 4 banana republic authoritarian trump in order 2 brainwash gullible  trumpcult .
bun  deci acum am dat link ul pentru twitter adica cei care vor intra pe canal vor vedea link ul de la twitter si n .
 realdonaldtrump you have been on vacation for 2 years  this is on your dime  you could have had immigration fixed .
 nightlypolitics biden beto warren harris booker inslee  amp  so many others 4 vp  amp  killer cabinet  flipthesenate 2020 .
our  president    the most pathetic victim in recorded history         realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc .
cum ar arta lumea dac pe pmnt nu ar mai fi oxigen pentru 5 secunde  multe cldiri s ar prbui   .
cum ar arta lumea dac pe pmnt nu ar mai fi oxigen pentru 5 secunde  multe cldiri s ar prbui   .
cum ar arta lumea dac pe pmnt nu ar mai fi oxigen pentru 5 secunde  multe cldiri s ar prbui   .
 no daca  sfgate it s mind blowing how a state has to pass a bill in order to enforce the laws already in existence .
bizarro barr press conference would only occur n a banana republic  muellerreport  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump don t hold your breath    .
dac alexandria poate  i tu poi     .
if people work in the u s    they pay in time to irs    the bureaucrats don t hesitate to use that money    then it would .
.
in 2017      immigrant households paid  405b in taxes   daca residents paid  2 2b in federal taxes    immigrants with tempo .
time for the supreme court  daca is not legal  .
barr is colluder fixer 4 trump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 mircea marian daca km ul va fi mai scurt   asa cum am vazut prin teleorman    castigul constructorului va fi si ma .
un prieten mi s a plns c e tare greu s pstrezi balansul cu o femeie       dac eti gelos    e nasol    dac nu eti  .
barr clearly a lapdog 4 trump  impeachbarr  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
femeie   i a zis isus  de ce plngi  pe cine caui  ea a crezut c este grdinarul i i a zis  domnule  dac l .
 davidionescu4 dac m a mai muca o data o bat.
 no daca  judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity youre giving ace and gary a bad name .
 feldeenjimmy  clarkie5512 if i have somehow given you the impression i needed your help i apologize  my position i .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt hei astea sunt conturile mele pt vot dac a i vrea sa dai follow ca sa fac 10 followers .
 brianklaas obamacare  amp  the daca executive order  clintons sending troops to somalia and getting them killed  the .
 ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump increase in the service sector  decline in mfg sector      donalds path of destruction .
 no daca nj is run by idiots  only south jersey has real conservative presence.
 antoniatxt  saddest apple rad si de tine daca vrei.
 no daca  sfgate  rmconservative.
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
  babypinkjimin ba ce emoji ii ala albastru smr eu daca l gsesc.
intr un studiu cu privire la relatiile interfamiliale  80  dintre barbatii casatoriti au declarat ca si ar lega des .
n spatele profilurilor false se afl oameni reali  cum ar fi dac te ai pune n pielea unui trol  joac get bad n .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann ignore them maybe they ll go away.
 coltonconley16 v ntreb  dac tot mapamondul ar cnta halleluhia   .
dac planurile lui crbl erau uor de ghicit  inteniile dansatorului oase sunt surprinztoare  .
this is very much in line with hud instructing lenders not to approve federally backed housing loans for daca recip .
mine i vinerea mare n cehia  dac ai vedea lipsa de chef i de oameni din birou i voi ai da tweet ul sta .
 speakerpelosi when will the house vote on the  dreamandpromisenow act   daca and  savetps recipients deserve a per .
atitudini      florin clinescu  mesaj pentru dragnea  dac tu crezi c neantu la de nicolicea poate fi    .
lumile 2 si 3 n au nicio sansa la decenta politica demo  reala  cea sociala nivel de trai acceptabil  cea economica .
 authorontheedge .
dac urmeaz s alegi nclminte nou pentru primvar  te poi inspira din aceste tendine interesante      .
 authorontheedge they re gorgeous  i can t wait to read your book  .
 sabaatahir im marrying a daca recipient.
 authorontheedge medusa  themakerofmonsters.
 voiculesti i prioritatea la coborre e la fel de inutila dac te duce cu autobuzul pana la terminalul de sosiri.
 oreozmom2  foxnews  kellyannepolls lmao    what about all your precious dumbocraps now       who colluded with who .
 shotemall conteaza  da  romania nu a invadat alte ri  s suporte acum problemele migraiei  i nu compara cultur .
 profmromania  dorinaionescu21 prind si in romania dar nu vor ei sa vada  au mii de ascultari in spotify si inca su .
 profmromania nu am ascultat de mult timp radio dar dac punei bts nu a ezita s l deschid.
 afc anto normal ca ii vor  romanii sunt o prada usoara  daca omul e muncitor  pune suflet in ceea ce face  ce conteaza nationalitatea sa  .
saptamana viitoare voi fi prezenta in italia  cu un seminar dedicat mintii si corpului       daca ai prieteni prin tori .
cum ar fi aratat romania daca nu l impuscam pe ceausescu  romania ar fi ajuns sigur un  tigru  al europei  .
this is the democratic party s new generation of  dreamers        to democrats       americans will not allow you to abuse .
 afc anto intreaba i pe englezi daca ii mai vor pe romani .
 profmromania am aprecia enorm dac i ai pune la radio .
toader va anuna la sfritul zilei dac e demisie sau revocare   .
  personal news         i am the new press secretary for the  democraticags        dem ags have served as a key check on th .
ce riti dac ncerci s scapi de reclamele enervante de pe inernet  extensiile ad block .
m ntreb i eu   dac bazoreliefurile de pe catedrala notre dame arat n felul acesta  ce impresie spiritual po .
i dau muie dac depeti coloana la semafor  iar dac te prind la urmtorul  i dau muie real  n o s i vin s crezi .
 samantha4blue  elwandakins  iandalinka  aoc and before you call trump a dictator maybe take a look at obama and hi .
nu suport sa mi se rspund greu la mesaje   daca vrei sa te las si sa vorbesti cu altcineva spune mi   .
 marmotadecampie dac au ajuns la shop  amp  go  nu cred c sunt totui absolveni de cibernetic  poate de jurnalism s .
george  georgic  georgele  de ce  mi mam  de ce vrei musai s fii penibil  postrile mele sunt publice  asta ns .
a hahaha       vai  se aleg teme de cercetare  la zi   au ndrznit oamenii sa vina la pleu i sa ceara bani pentru pr .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i think its because i have to dum .
s vedem dac politia rutiera din vaslui reuete s aplice legea si in dominiul transport vehicule sau continu s .
 abc maybe career politicians should be outlawed    since this stooge can t work on immigration reform and daca    .
daca va trebe pakistanezi va aduc io corporatisti din uk  cu bani nu talibani saraki.
mese fabuloase i o atmosfera unica gseti numai  lapiovra    dac dorii preparatele noastre la birou sau acasa  va .
 tmore7182  thehill  thejusticedept  fbi  realdonaldtrump  dbongino i didnt vote for obama either election   daca .
un subiect drag mie     pentru toti care vor sa si inbunatateasca relatiile interumane in special cu cei de sex opus  .
i  ai mncat  pi atunci s i fie de bine  dar tii  dac tot trebuie s speli vasele acum  uite cum poi s aju .
primul club care a votat impotriva vanzarii drepturilor tv   daca se goli si  oblemenco   putem sa plecam acasa cu .
 ipostaze ce m sperie pe mine e ca in cele o pe el and go  alea mici  sunt numai tineri    in locul lu mega nu .
dac tot suntei aici c e  facebookdown  stai cu ochii pe contul nostru de twitter  pregtim ceva frumos    comingsoon.
 no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder gee  sanctuary states may serve as fish ponds for ice .
daca e de moda veche e tot de moda   .
 antijavre  dianepopescu daca dam portul constanta si cateva mii de hectare de padure e gata ciubucul pentru intrar .
 marmotadecampie o sa vd dac pot face ceva in acest sens  mersi .
 manafu twitter e locul al unde verific dac a czut facebook ul.
 cristin57579223  cptariceanu nu este triceanu inim aprig  este un troll pltit de el  nici nu tiu dac .
facebook ul a czut  dar              urmeaz reluarea  var s vedem dac a fost sau nu     varzeu  facebookdown.
 tomtuohy hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear agreement  asia pacific agreem .
interior secretary met with tribal lawyer attached to blame for weary polar bear s move on daca .
 realdonaldtrump  still failing on  illegalimmigration     asylum  daca  overstay.
mihai tudose s a dezlnuit la adresa a doi minitri  dou monumente de incompeten  dac vine olaf ul enapa .
mentalitate de romn  dac ai mercedes nmatriculat n germania  n ai nevoie depermis  .
mentalitate de romn  dac ai mercedes nmatriculat n germania  n ai nevoie depermis  .
 profmromania ii veti si difuza la radio  daca tot sunt asa de populari .
 lisamei62 didn t see a big  beautiful wall or daca repeal  still coming across and illegal dreamers are getting fr .
daca imi raspunzi peste 5 minute eu iti raspund peste 5 ore .
student opinion  children brought to the u s  should be able to stay  .
 shahtimbrook  qrabullione  thedailybeast thats not necessarily true  there are many hard liners on the daca issue .
finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor babies  .
 senschumer with you screeching russian collusion for two years and loosing the daca amnesty for the sake of preven .
 atx cat4  thehill  thejusticedept  fbi  realdonaldtrump  dbongino doesnt matter   dc exposed   nothing coming out .
 no daca  fairimmigration  theamgreatness exactly none of that is true  nice try.
mihai tudose lanseaz un atac virulent la adresa ministrilor rovana plumb i rzvan cuc  n     .
.
 grand cru1  ynb  talibkweli  drlogicsupreme  rasthafareye  urbantheory  peachesjenkins3  treasur32608618 .
 joseantoniokast hahahaha taradit daca da ms solo  baradit.
 octavpelin sunt ca fotbalistii care azi injura steaua cand sunt la dinamo si invers daca ajung sa se transfere la .
se retrage putin  stati linistiti        el deplnge fenomenul prin care cultura de tip clasic  mai ales cea umanist .
nu tiu de cnd au atribuiuni cei de la o poliie local n a devia bloca circulaia pe un drum european  ns dac .
not a permanent solution  daca needs a  pathwaytocitizenship .
dance prestige ofera discount la cea mai mare tabara de dans din vara celor care vin din partea sediului nostru    da .
wwwwww   ww        peing   .
 octavpelin cred ca si rares b daca ar fi ajuns la a3 si ar fi schimbat discursul imi place sa cred ca doar m badea .
 bmajeki25  mathuthu nguye othe daca not mina.
 i0n1ca pe bune dac nu am crezut ca dai link la vreun concert de blues         .
 voiculesti ca dac ai bagaj de mna mai mricel aa  nu mai ai unde sa l pui cnd ajungi la locul tu  ca e deja plin sus   .
there is still time to join us for september 2019   you can complete an application form or email us at sixthform d .
peste 3 000 de igarete au fost confiscate astzi de  jandarmi  pachetele de igri nu aveau timbru fiscal sau erau .
amenzi drastice pregtite de primrie dac i arunci gunioul la vecini .
operativa martes cl  sesin usa  apertura lenta espero volumen y estructura  cierran el mnimo de prmkt sin entrada .
sigur  e cool s spui c n are studii  c e omu  lu  dragnea  dar  dac a fi jurnalist  a lsa perdelele de fum s .
sigur  e cool s spui c n are studii  c e omu  lu  dragnea  dar  dac a fi jurnalist  a lsa perdelele de fum s .
 roumanie  dfense  blinds  dcision   .
marius tuc show  ion cristoiu  fenomenul terorist din decembrie 89 este att de bine fcut nct nu cred c erau .
 dianepopescu daca pentru intrarea romaniei in ue austriecii au primit petrom plocon pe tava  de ce ar accepta acum .
nc puin pn la ora 14 00  s fim cu ochii n patru pe zutv     roarmy  boywithluv dac nu acum  la ora 21 00   tot pe zutv    .
daca judeci o persoana dupa aspectul fizic inseamna ca esti frustrata rau   .
dorin farca        dar sunt contra sa mintim lumea ca referendumul ar reprezenta altceva decat campania unui dictator .
detaliile atacului sngeros asupra elevilor din vaslui  dac nu avea ghiozdanul n spate era mort  agresorul are .
daca tot veniti in  bucovina merita sa incercati preparate locale minunate  noi va asteptam cu o tochitura bucovine .
cinii maidanezi din bucureti sunt inui n sectorul 3  ca n grajd  pentru aceast celu care ngrijeste 17 p .
dorin farca       si repet nu exista referendum optional   cand poporul isi exprima vointa devine automat lege   daca nu  .
 mattmittenthal  anniekarni  buzzfeednews  nidhiprakash this doesnt make sense  lets say the daca people get depo .
 seanhannity signs your parents might be abusive      obama ignored constitutional checks and balances       the chrysler b .
cui ii place game of thrones    daca tot am inceput ultimul sezon  m am gandit sa facem o recapitulare a primelor 7 s .
 m  ce ntrebare i ai pune lui doamne  dac l ai ntlni    m  cum        m  de unde i ai cumprat apca de club    m  din .
video   un fost oficial al luidinamo nu crede c mircea rednic poate deveni patronul cinilor  rednic nu tiu d .
 stanch247  kurtschlichter th asylum crisis actually is manufactured  asylum claims started as a tactic to trigger .
 dac cei care nu ne datoreaz nimic nu ne ar fi druit nimic  ct de sraci am fi     antonio porchia .
tehnic nu i furat daca nu stiai despre ce as fi facut eu si eu oricum nu fac nimic la asta da o sa fiu cat de press .
 romania in primul rand     e tipul romaniei     e timpul romaniei       la pnl se doarme adanc  campania e atat de stupida .
for the dreamers still hoping for daca     mr  trump took a notion from kafka      with the charlottesville taint     and .
daca pastrezi copilaria mereu cu tine  nu vei imbatrani nicioadata      tom stoppard .
pe 17 aprilie  n cadrul serviciului bunele maniere  elevii de la coala   grdini nr  152 pas cu pas  au sol .
preedintele klaus iohannis a fost ntrebat dac a discutat cu ministrul remaniat al justiiei  tudorel     .
dac donezi pentru notre dame  de ce nu donezi pentru copiii care mor de foame  dac donezi pentru ei  de ce nu pen .
8001000or1600          peing   .
cum s agi n romnia  n stil tradiional  dac ea e de piatr    .
 adigeorgescu dureaza mult grupul de gelozie ca sa stim daca avem timp sa miscam ceva in intervalu ala     .
acuma l caut pe jegul de nipulicea  prostaneeee  pe mine nu m deranjeaz cnd  unde i cum ai fcut tu ccatul la .
 cd liviu  adriano qld  radusmall  robertbandi  andrewdd dar mcar aa avem o scuz  dac jucm ca la watford sau everton  ne omoar.
mi plac lucrurile simple  spune mi ce obiectiv ai si i spun dac i cum te pot ajuta  orice alta abordare compli .
 missgibsonx hey i teach pe in a state school where we do loads of netball  amp  would love more info .
face s zici c 2011 looks like a pornstar and 2019 like a human being c lumea pe ps4 club group pe fb deja m nt .
dac planurile lui crbl erau uor de ghicit  inteniile dansatorului oase sunt surprinztoare   .
uefa i arsenal vor sprijini cererea de viz a lui henrikh mkhitaryan  dac arsenal se .
vopsit sprncene henna brow      daca nu mai vrei sa stai in fiecare dimineata sa iti fardezi sprancenele  dar nu te te .
nu putem descoperi noi oceane daca nu vom avea curajul de a pierde din vedere tarmul   citate  pozazilei .
 messi sau ronaldo   ramona pun a ales intre cei doi  dar sportivul preferat e altul  primul meci la care a plans .
poate am eu 1 56 dar exist i eu pe aici  dac nu observi asta atunci eti bine venit s te duci dracu.
dac mainile arat aa  oare ce o fi n plmnii notri  .
a patra zi pllin de curiozitate la  uvt este nc n desfurare  iar holurile s au umplut de viitori studeni i .
buna ziua   va rog din suflet daca stiti vreun  spital care sa efectueze operatia de trasplant de mana  in tara sau .
noi detalii despre starea de sntate a ronei hartner  eu sunt optimist  dac vrea dumnezeu s mi dea zile .
the country and funny as error laced as they know the daca expires  if i know her face and their mouth.
 ralucadinu1982 soro  nu te intrig ce moac sovietic scoate sta  trage de pe undeva omul sovietic sau rusul d .
 shto    ca au facut prea multi bani in timpul activitatii si trebuiau sa isi puna deoparte daca nu ai lucrat in gu .
caraimanul  pn n nori    st pndind n cap s i cad   pe sub el dac vei trece    uite  parc l mic vntul    s ne  .
dncil este imaginea impotenei acestei naii  dac ea a ajuns n fruntea rii  nu doar dragnea are o problem  s .
ntlnirea de la guvern s a ncheiat fr rezultat  toader nu a luat o decizie dac i d .
ntlnirea de la guvern s a ncheiat fr rezultat  toader nu a luat o decizie dac i d .
daca va confruntati cu aceasta situatie si lacramioarele voastre nu mai fac flori  e momentul sa actionati  cea mai .
pisdiceanu m a blocat pe facebook  dar i a fcut cont de twitter  atept s m blocheze i acolo c tocmai i am sp .
 politica tudorel toader  demisia mea a rmas fr obiect dac a fost trimis cererea la cotroceni .
 dac dou zile revenea ceauescu  eram cu toii suprimai         .
i have never seen a thin person boosting daca.
luiza a disprut fr urm  n caracal  dac o vedei  sunai la 112 .
daca a major nuclear tests and reform  we ll see this year  instead of crooked  but not have a large sanctions and others .
 hotnews ro normal  dac au fcut milioane de romni sa plece din cauza condiiilor  taxelor din ar impozitelor b .
nu eti om la casa ta daca nu ai umbrela cu ikea family.
dac vrei s i deschizi magazin online  uite cteva condiii de baz .
 cptariceanu bai kuki  daca n ai fi ramolit dupa 5 neveste   ai fi doar prost   .
ultima or ntlnirea de la guvern s a ncheiat  toader nu a luat o decizie dac i d .
ultima or ntlnirea de la guvern s a ncheiat  toader nu a luat o decizie dac i d .
ministrul toader se mai gndete 4 ore dacdemisioneaz  .
devine din ce in ce mai clar ca statul insusi trebuie desfiintat si reinfiintat de la zero  pe principii solide  c .
cat sa investesti daca doresti o pensie de 1000 euro pe luna   .
poate dac ar fi plecat mai devreme  i ar fi schimbat destinul bietului copila    .
dac ai cercetat antreprenoriatul  probabil ai dat peste zeci de cri i articole care i spun cum s reueti  d .
samsung galaxy fold un telefon   ndoielnic  pliabilul e criticat n ultimele 24 de ore de ntreaga pres tech din .
cui ii place game of thrones    daca tot am inceput ultimul sezon  m am gandit sa facem o recapitulare a primelor 7 s .
ah  ce a ratat o soarta    pe frau       daca as fi neamt  as fi mai atent cu semnele de la dumnezeu     avemsinoinemtiinostri.
 tudoreltoader  am asigurat o pe doamna  vdancila pm c astzi voi reflecta i pn la sfritul programului voi da .
poate dac ar fi plecat mai devreme  i ar fi schimbat destinul bietului copila    .
enel a plantat n locul meu un copac de courbaril  nici nu tiam c exist specia asta  sincer  d   dac vrei s ai .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt cu mare drag as da like daca as gasi melodia in aplicatia lor dar nu o gasesc    ma ajuta .
 zenman1550 like when he trolled the left about the wall   was it a coincidence that he delayed the sotu address  h .
drinking toilet water  widespread abuse  report details torture for child detainees        .
tudorel toader se gandeste pana diseara daca demisioneaza sau nu  e o varianta maisigura .
tudorel toader se gandeste pana diseara daca demisioneaza sau nu  e o varianta mai sigura .
its really important to keep the focus on the fact that this place is our home and it doesnt really matter what .
toader ine n tensiune psd .
dac fumezi iarb  s ar putea s ai nevoie de o doz mai mare de anestezie     highhui      .
ce prere avei despre toader  lund n calcul ce a fcut pe durata mandatului i cum a acionat la final  .
 video  deputat acum  despre anunul democrailor c i vor dona primele salarii  dac faci o donaie  f o  m  d .
dah  dac au calendar  sunt pe pmnt .
de 2 zile asta mi e coloana sonor  m am rendrgostit de spectacolul sta  din 1998   lt 3   dac dorii s  re vedei  .
toader  pn la finalul programului anun dac demisionez   .
dac vrei s descoperii industria muzical i folk ul american al anilor 50 60  s ptrundei n atmosfera din .
tudorel toader nu demisioneaz  deocamdat  dup ntlnirea cu dncil declar c va rmne la minister pn la apa .
 klausiohannis mestere  daca iar accepti ca primarul diversi ministri  in special pe nicolicea la justitie  ne am s .
 uwm fine arts quartet ends on down the students regarding  daca announcement   via different panthers    in the bridges downtown run by.
 joyfuiiness daca au 3 cantece deobicei au 2 pe la mijloc si probabil o sa inchida show ul cu bwl.
tudorel toader se gandeste pana diseara daca demisioneaza sau nu  e o varianta mai sigura .
tudorel toader se gandeste pana diseara daca demisioneaza sau nu  e o varianta mai sigura .
nu fata mea  dac ai 10kile de glet pe fa  nu nseamn ca eti frumoasa.
 thehill does she believe that   does her party really believe that  what happened  to daca  why  thedemocrats    sti .
daca  daca will arrive back on september 11th .
soia mea  care este psihoterapeut  organizeaz dou grupuri de suport i terapie  unul legat de doliu printesc  c .
ntrebat dac socialitii se afl mai mult sub influena lui vlad plahotniuc sau cea a rusiei  maia sandu a rspun .
soia mea  care este psihoterapeut  organizeaz dou grupuri de suport i terapie  unul legat de doliu printesc  c .
premiera premiera the sisters brothers mine la ora 20 00  chiar dac afar nu e prea frumos  un western merit vz .
 stiripesurse ro are 65 de ani pentru a se putea pensiona  dac nu  fr pensie pn atunci  sectorul privat abia l ateapt    .
daca vrei zona potrivita pentru investitie atunci ai gasit apartamentul mult cautat         clujnapoca .
 eciocu  pariusigur com nu stiu daca este chiar asa  pe zuckerberg nu l cunosc decat de pe whatsapp  cica este o colonie a facebook ului .
dac ai un colet care se grbete  apeleaz la serviciul red code  l livrm pn n ora 10 a zilei urmtoare ridic .
ce se ntmpl n corpul tu dac mnnci ou fierte cu ceap verde   paste .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5  gt then why didnt potato blokmpt finally issue an order to end daca .
 nicuuu13 nici mie nu mi plac  da tre sa recunosc ca joaca frumos in momentu asta ambele  la tottenham daca joaca s .
 palindromul este ceva ce se citete la fel de la stnga la dreapta  i invers  cum i zice la ce se citete ca mai .
 isbj0rn  raduuionescuuuu nici nu tiu dac s m simt bine sau s m supr     confused       ps  mulumesc de aa primire clduroas .
 isbj0rn f bine  s se gndeasc  dac vrea s ne mpcm  .
 simona halep  fedcup  corinnedubreuil succes    dac nu acum   cnd    .
dormii bine   dac nu  probabil v numrai printre cei 45  dintre noi care au probleme de somn   aflai mai m .
 agerpres fiind inca o agentie de presa a statului roman ar trebui sa spuna adevarul esential si sa si  regaseasca .
 groparu  semanticus haide domne ca daca o iei pe arbolele de valcea sigura gasesti un veric  din corabia care alt .
 realdonaldtrump how about accepting one of the five  5  dems made already  amp  you frig n pass 1 of them    durp  oh .
 iamandrewluca  youtube frigideru  maina de splat  microunda lucreza tot ok  eu daca cu campiutru ap ma priep  n de aieste.
 rhysmckavanagh im marrying a daca recipient .
 mikepalmcirca  vsinlive  mitchmossradio  paulyhoward  siriusxm  nesn  derekjstevens  jorgeamondaca  brentmusburger .
 mreprimary  notsotweets  jenniferkillick  fireflypress  thegarethconway great giveaway  scott  thanks for the chance .
dac iohannis nu va accepta noile propuneri de minitri  dncil va trimite parlamentului o cerere de restructurare .
dac iohannis nu va accepta noile propuneri de minitri  dncil va trimite parlamentului o cerere de restructurare .
citu sustine  ironic  ca este de acord cu nasa lui dragnea  precizand ca  daca pnl va ajunge la putere  va da afara .
citu sustine  ironic  ca este de acord cu nasa lui dragnea  precizand ca  daca pnl va ajunge la putere  va da afara .
conclusin para la mafia chavista        defender etarras como otegui o los que se esconden en venezuela       el cncer de .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream yea again   sending the message that there will he a one time .
cam asta nseamn s faci politic  articolul de mai jos     fiindc dac m uit la peisajul nostru mioritic devin .
        peing   .
dankovi aforizmi  posle ovakvih politikih nedaa e doidaa  .
spune mi minciuni frumoase   privete m n fa   spune mi c m iubeti   chiar dac e o minciun.
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream just out of curiosity  what do you think a message that illeg .
alert de la mae  atenie mare dac plecai n grecia sau portugalia  n minivacana de pate   .
ai un punct daca    .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream how is he manhandling congress      they are literally invest .
dac prin pas neintenionat ar trebui s nu se poat ajunge la ofsaid  n ar trebui ca devierea neintenionat a u .
 chiar dac dm la o parte lupta politic  chiar dac ndeprtm alibiul urii  n care grupurile de presiune i n .
e dimineaa  alarma sun de mai bine de 20 minute i nc nu te ai ridicat din pat ca s te pregteti pentru job  .
 no daca  rmconservative  cis org the 2 main sponsors of the bill after the civil war stated very clearly the 14th .
first daca recipient is not only honored but an inspiration for many people  making a difference regardless of the .
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 17 2019 .
veti bune pentru romni  se reduce vrsta de pensionare  vezi dac te ncadrezi    .
recent am lansat o noua piesa  daca nu ai ascultat o inca  o poti face acum  daca iti place ceea ce auzi  un share .
.
oficial nu mi pas dac m njuri n faa  n gnd sau pe la spate  eu aleg fericirea       .
 anntensity it just keeps getting worse  i thought trump was an answer to a prayer  but i have to admit javanka gav .
 no daca  rmconservative  cis org thank you for your input  official no daca twitter account  to me the holy grail .
parenting facut bine sau cum sa ti cresti copilul sanatos intr o era bolnava de tehnologie partea a ii a      daca .
 no daca  usaforamericans lol  okay  okay  are you speaking to me  i concur   i was commenting on the narrative we .
repetitia cred ca e figura mea de stil preferata  pentru ca daca stii sa folosesti adauga o oralitate aparte si sun .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti not trying to offend at all   .
        peing   .
daca exista var la vremea respectiva maradona nu ne ar mai fi spus cu un tupeu nesimtit ca a fost mana lui dzeu .
nu stiu daca era trecuta prin programul de guvernare masura asta  dar ea ofera intr adevar un indiciu important des .
marius tuc show  gelu voican voiculescu  dac dou zile revenea ceauescu  eram cu toii suprimai  vidul de puter .
 no daca  fairimmigration  theamgreatness  hirekobach  realdonaldtrump.
 jasonbik  jengatree121  thelaurenchen if by  against diversity  you mean  deport brown people  and  revoke daca  t .
calinescu   livulica  daca tu crezi ca neantu ala de nicolicea poate fi ministru  ma mobilizezi la maxim  .
s aflm cum evolueaz vremea i dac soarele i va face apariia de pate  .
 crimebosstrump  democracyjourno advice   then sessions used his time to cage babies and split up american families .
un sfert din britanici ar vota pentru partidul lui farage  aa v trebuie dac i ai lsat s se mai gndeasc pn n octombrie.
        peing   .
 trim o singura data  dac o facem cum trebuie  o  dat e suficient                                                 lacul oaa   bun dimineaa .
bun dimineaa  prieteni     dac tot suntem n perioada n care se desfoar programul  coalaaltfel  fie c mai av .
tudorel toader susine c premierul nu i a cerut demisia  cerndu i s aprecieze dac e cazul     .
care este alternativa dac uniunea european se destrm    .
chiar dac dorel va trage de timp  se va prinde cu dinii de scaun  va refuza iohannis propunerea psd ului  inevita .
 ajplus can you help me share my dear maxs story  he is 22 years old and deported to honduras  he couldnt renew h .
in the house and senate  then comes of the death of 50  years of no immigration policy  when it s all finished and .
city   tottenham 4 3  de ce n are spursul coad        un lloris care  dac ar fi fost suporter de al lui tottenham i .
sunt nduiotori romanii firmele romneti care doneaz bani pentru  notredame daca ar dona bani i pentru restaur .
 seriousbizzle  angryblacklady ice is rounding people up and deporting them  can you help me share my story about m .
psf held a workshop that helped some 600 people apply or reapply for protection under president barack obamas defe .
diminea   zeam    nu tiu dac e grav sau nu  .
 ciubotariu dan  victore64933334           ar fi comic daca nu ar fi trist .
my skin is looking a little rough and im stressed about my classes and i havent exercised in about a week  but at .
 the university of california  berkeley should join this fight by passing a resolution in support of the three bill .
 larryelder why not  black liberal demcrats like  senkamalaharris have put illegal interests above black interests .
 denisdeniz26 pai daca iese toata lumea la vot ii ingroapa pe astia degeaba vor ei sa speculeze faptul ca psd istii .
 b3gsfan  rob shehan  19plf68  speakerpelosi where am i being negative   i m addressing each of your comments       you .
500 000 de brbai n putere n a cror mental colectiv st scris c o femeie care umbl cu faa descoperit pe str .
 andrewpollackfl looks like a daca recipient .
 jaysekulow there was 25 billion proposed for border security but because  realdonaldtrump despised daca  amp  tps reci .
 slblackson  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli as for daca  they cam .
 b3gsfan  19plf68  rob shehan  speakerpelosi you just complained about daca students and free college  which isn t .
 pierce064 for me  i like his ideas on       revitalizing national service programs   supreme court reform   passage of a f .
apoi a zis tuturor  dac voiete cineva s vin dup mine  s se lepede de sine  s i ia crucea n fiecare zi i .
usc safe place campus event open to daca tps lgbt religious amp mental health groups   april 18th  6 30 pm at ground zero .
new for  statepress   repgregstanton spoke to asu students at a  nextgenamerica town hall at the tempe campus today .
 matthewswillia5  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli all of the artic .
 b3gsfan  19plf68  rob shehan  speakerpelosi the daca  free college  thing is another conspiracy theory  it isn t t .
dac tu imi spui ceva iar restul prietenilor imi spun total altceva  eu ce drq ar trebui sa cred .
daca nu ati citit o inca pe tatiana tibuleac  ar trebui    pentru ca scrie minunat  profund  viu  apasator pe alocu .
 charliekirk11 how did  27m for illegals pass  wouldnt trump be able to veto that  or is that part of the daca funding .
 no daca why is it so hard for  we the people  to see that the  usa is being over run  it is well known to half of .
augustin lazr  la final de mandat  ctp intervine exploziv  dac mai candideaz nc o dat  atunci vina lui se ad .
pana unde ajunge incompetenta unora     necunoscuta   nu e descrisa in literatura de specialitate    pai daca lite .
 thomasjonwilli1  19plf68  rob shehan  speakerpelosi did i say she was   no i didn t  i wouldn t have cared if she .
trump is the one who tore up the daca rescinded on the daca stephen miller is the one stirring up all this shit wit .
dac nvei azi ceva  i nu ntelegi aici pe pmnt  sigur nelegi n alt parte  .
controlor de bilete  nu aveti abonament pe linia asta asa ca va trebui sa va amendam cu 50 de lei daca plata este e .
check out my latest article  do daca recipients have a right to a retirement plan   via  linkedin.
tema zilei in romania    de ce taberele politice se urasc atat de mult  de ce nu mai este posibila o impacare  de c .
 jxhnbinder  anncoulter 0bamas orc army daca bait.
 oldshaman3 honestly nu ma mai iau de lucruri ce nu in de ei buuuut bitch daca vrei sa mi rspunzi nva s te m .
 93dollrs  joonhigh cuando alguien del grupo se atrasa se les dice que esta jimiando .
  ay amika es semana santa y ni as cambias    confieso que tengo un amigo de daca que est bien hermoso  me gusta y .
nu exist reete de mbtrnit  i dac ar aprea  nu a avea calificarea s vorbesc doct despre ele  aa cum lik .
ministrul sntii    domnule primar  mi pare ru  dac ai considerat c  atunci cnd vizitez spitale  a ine c .
 jimenaevangelin  bts twt libra  jin    bts twt.
n actualul context politic electoral  augustin lazr ar trebui s dea dovad de responsabilitate i     .
.
 yoongillauren hay que hacer stream masivo para llegar a los 200m  esta semana.
 ad3nozin3fosfat daca nu are exercitiu  normal ca e lunga     .
bgiu ar putea afla sptmna viitoare dac se ntoarce n penitenciar         gt  gt  gt  gt  gt  .
 w2the3rd  tommychong obama was tough on illegal border crossing in an effort to show he took border security serio .
 nonjusticedepartment  coveringcrimes 4  republicans  amp   democrats  amp   whitewingterrorism  amp   russia  all in .
cred ca toate failurile pe la x factor  cineva got talent sau whatever talent contest spun ceva in afara de fail  a .
 ruggiere l  no daca conspiracy theory is 100  correct and it goes far beyond what you have written here  when we f .
she not work 4 us    cesarjblanco tx  sylviaallenaz  mocoyoungdems  markamodeinv2 .
pedophiles  daca  illegal parents   dawdle example   schumer  amp  pelosi  amp  puppets   merkley .
 francisgalton6  nytimes  members of my extended family in the united states are daca recipients    my policy choic .
romani 10 9 10     dac mrturiseti  deci  cu gura ta pe isus ca domn i dac crezi n inima ta c dumnezeu l a nviat din    .
 lizperez108 get it together sis  cant risk your daca  you know they dont want to see us succeed .
 donster2112  csbrude  tomilahren yes  that bill failed because of contention over sanctuary city funding and a pro .
 anradila17  repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump use these drones please on the usa border  please take the dems offer fo .
dac tot nu pot renuna la gogoi  mcar s ncerc adecvarea reetei   .
  claudia ioli shares how she was detained at an airport while she had her daca permit due to racial profiling .
currently filling out my  daca renewal  i always forget how nerve wracking it is to worry about whether i need to p .
deci daca se mai pierde o calificare nu e nimic ca oricum nu s a mers la rio    made in sleahta emerita de 10 a gim .
foc de p a e   episodul 166  invitat  ana ptan  compozitoare  textier  solist   n direct prin skype din suedi .
        peing   .
the least you can do is the least you can do  take a moment  b   daca  heretostay  via  unitedwedream.
 anniekarni v interesting  in dec  buzzfeednews  nidhiprakash reported maybe an early version of this  daca recipie .
 janjoinednra  kylekulinski doubled the deficit spending  doubled our chance for recession  leaving million of amer .
 kausmickey  anncoulter thats not what i read  build facilities so we can house them pending asylum claims based o .
 voluntaryismusa  kamalaharris yea he did deport alot of people  he used the law to allow deportation  also stood u .
 volsvotevision does the discretionary funding for diversity  amp  inclusion still stand if your president is a xenopho .
hola guenas noches      quiero confesar que me encanta  una nia de daca slo la he visto un par de ocasiones v   .
 lenin toma y daca  .
confieso me encanta un chingo alejandra simoin de la daca  cundo la veo pasar me clavo vindola  pero ni la habl .
 nat j campbell i said  everyone except for daca recipients  right .
 cositasublime daca daltima trela.
our dream team network coordinator and dream team network fellow will be giving the keynote at this conference      yes .
        peing   .
 rmalutan ce mai conteaz dac tot l ai deschis mai trziu  v ntreab la serviciu    .
 no daca tell her we are out of money food babysitters houses space paper to apply for any and all the above tho we .
about 3 500 missouri residents work and go to school under the daca program  their future lives in the united state .
wonder how the democrats are doing with their daca legislation     i thought they were on vacation anyway    .
dac nu l ai vzut  nu ezitai  e despre delt i oamenii ei  .
 mccraw birkie5  trish regan daca in az paid  61 4 million in state  amp  local taxes in 2016  arizonans in immigrant l .
on thursday at noon  i will be debating daca at  rutgerslaw  newark  fedsoc  if asked  i may answer questions about .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      study  politicians .
 nitagale  asetastartiel  luckydoghot  nytimes  speakerpelosi this is a  leap   you re funny  obama said daca was u .
new post  printele patriciu vlaicu  declaraie aproape profetic  acum cteva zile la .
 ingrahamangle when are you democrat citizens going to wake up to the fact your party is shafting you just think ab .
 qrabullione  davidwfowler67  thedailybeast that would leave me dancing in the streets  i couldn t agree with you m .
 darhar981  stephphilip8  youngcons wouldnt it be funny if the liberals are successful in getting illegals dacas .
tomorrow is one big cover up by  trumpcult  amp  trump s  gop   release un redacted  muellerreport 2 congressional comm .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      president trump ha .
until jan joyce is arrested  put the trial for racist hate crimes  extorting children  raping me by designing artif .
 adamweinstein if you could only see the msgs i get from trans mil members  amp  vets  similarly with daca mavni member .
i will not stop seeking freedom from blackmail for daca kids from jan joyce  a former wife  amp  mom  turned pathologic .
romnia  n faa unui nou examen mondial la dans sportiv       chiar dac va fi o ediie puternic n care sunt implica .
foarte  corect  dac infractori ar sta in banca lor nu ar ajunge la pucrie .
 no daca  greennewdeal will take care of those unwilling to work  right  aoc .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      texas rep  cuellar .
dac intereseaz pe cineva c sunt pe jumtate angajat    mai trebuie dou hrtiue i bingo.
aoc s views are a product of immigrant naturalized citizens  parents who indoctrinated kids  immigrant kids are tau .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      10 november 2016 r .
 juansaaa yess   god speed daca bro.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      trump calls it so .
thank you to the panelists for creating an amazing atmosphere  meeting other daca recipients was an experience that .
 izacarias1969  angelabelcamino  aoc i dont expect free insurance  food stamps  i didn t get a scholarship because .
 oneconnelly1  reginaa1981  dk stephan  mattrellen  rick sl8  katid22  smileyt22  sexygirl798  sid withhrc  pwm62 .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      watch full video  .
obama s immigration policies were done by executive orders   not congress passing laws  why can t you simply revers .
i have tried to find where obama actually passed immigration laws   all i see is he executed executive orders which .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      fox news host vast .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      bernie sanderss f .
 ryangirdusky doesn t seem like its important with trump supporters anymore because if it were we would have seen t .
i always get emotional seeing other daca recipients making moves  super proud   .
im doing a project to advocate for dreamers and daca  if anyone has any graduation pics and are daca recipients dr .
 rurumadrid8 mas mahal na mahal na mahal na mahal na mahal na mahal na mahal na mahal namin kayo ni inay .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      anita hill really .
 nat j campbell enhancing campus resources for everyone but daca recipients  right .
proud to speak on behalf of tps  amp  daca  amp  their importance to  storm lake  beabetterhuman  stormlakepolice  .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      if leaked list is .
epe e ucigaul de titanii iar corupia e unul dintre titani dac pn acum nu a fost aa ori suntei proti  ori suntei pe baterii.
foarte tare tt     dac e adevrat     .
ini dia my fotografer daca    istananegaramalaysia  kualalumpur  malaysia   istana negara  jalan tuanku abdul halim .
 daca  americaishome  undocumented  unafraid  msw52102 .
daca success story    daca  immigration  undocumented  unafraid  msw52102 .
slide berikutnya difoto oleh my fotografer daca  tugunegara  kualalumpur  malaysia   tugu negara .
 realdonaldtrump the wall only works if our immigration laws are changed  no more false asylum  no more anchor babi .
am observat c  dac nu opresc la rou  consum mai puin benzin .
 sofarambo  realdonaldtrump  foxnews we are complaining for years   president trump first one who is seriously cari .
 philipshirley48  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump fancy nancy talking about credibility is just rich   doesn t she a .
 jack26944292  leeannsmt  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump the chrysler bailout   obamacare implementation   political pr .
traitors act like barr  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca .
4 the 1st time  press will not see  muellerreport before  pressconference  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans .
 gohenm no daca   no amnesty  no chain migration no citizenship   they are illegal get them out   and keep them out .
instituiile din jude  verificate de inspecia muncii dac au afiat la sediu i pe internet veniturileangajailo .
yes   abc  cbsnews  nbcnews  newshour  cnn  msnbc  bbcworld  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
democrats should not participate in  fakefoxnews town halls  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump what in the world are you talking about  by law  ag barr has to provide the report .
 2lacrono que el que se haya iniciado un contacto no es un multipase    y luego est el rollo de forzar el consentimi .
racist hateful  trumpcult training camp infiltrates  eu  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 realsaavedra  benshapiro this is the spawn of illigals flooding the school systems  also known as entitled daca an .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump only if that executive order allows immediate deportations after processing for entering the country illegally .
 berniesanders his record not progressive or result oriented  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 highserenity49  jgreenhaw4  willieg36155135  nowthisnews youre the pretender  and dont you forget it  the lowe .
where is fed pledge 4 money 2 rebuild like with  notredamefire   trump regime racists  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
 need4tips asa am crezut si eu  dar mi au explicat niste baieti ca nu conteaza daca a avut control sau nu  a atins .
 a 2017 survey by the center for american progress found that ending daca would cost missouri nearly  210 million i .
girl friend of w supremacist sentenced 2 10 yrs 4 assisting in murder of black teen larnell bruce  flipthesenate 20 .
hell lose i guarantee it  asylum seekers or daca can be placed wherever  damn obama strategically placed them ex .
for checking off the gop donor wish list  donald ran as a moderate that appealed to the moderates in gop  dems and .
give him hard labor  amp  muck   inhuman slime w supremacist  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 thehill oh god  democrats should spend more time on daca   can t wait for the next election  democratic party is a .
 tariffs turned out 2 b big sales tax     flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 a young daca mented woman carolina and her partner were driving to the beach near the border  they were pulled ove .
economic studies prove  tariffs r disaster killing pockets of  farmers  middleclass  amp   consumers  flipthesenate 202 .
 goy talk usa yea  we didnt get the wall  the raise act  better trade deals  a muslim ban  birthright citizenship .
people argue with me i comment on how lawless the obama administration governed       with one word i usually shut down any argument        daca.
 jinnotjim proud of your accomplishments  from one daca recipient to another keep marching on  nothing can stop us .
a mast nod to micro docs winner  daca mented   by moises lemus   daca  latino .
i forgot to renew my daca so if i get deported   ill see yall in rosarito .
screenshots  shareblue media       realdonaldtrump administration manipulative and dishonest at all levels  .
dac plngem pentru  frana  s aruncm o lacrim i pentru  romnia noastr i istoria ei de odinioar  jelim valo .
 defineamerican yes   we re signing this pledge  and we re committed to  scholarships4all  including undocumented s .
 teambettencourt fearmongering     paul  stop it    get your rear in gear       daca   dreamers    work visas   pathways to citiz .
 repbrianbabin fearmongering     babin  stop it    get your rear in gear       daca   dreamers    work visas   pathways to citize .
brought here as children  the u s  is the only home they ve ever known    but with trump in office  the chances of .
new york passes dream act  becomes 4th largest state with financial aid for undocumented immigrants .
dac l am ales el e     punct  .
huh so yall voted in a girl who thinks daca recipients dont deserve access to secondary education.
 .
 4amdg  bethunedavid  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler how naive a .
 esglaude the art of the deal 25billion daca  amp  both houses of congress r s control wall from sea to shining sea 25b .
tu daca te brinda beneficios  entrate lo que debes saber sobre  daca  si tienes dudas  acrcate a tu consulado de .
daca is deferred for how long .
sign our petition to defend daca and early childhood arrivals in the fight for their future   defenddaca .
 thehill this article is a great example of the group of people who were elected to serve the american people  amp  do .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov its called shutdown the border  issue amnesty for daca people  rewrite the immig .
anyways so i ll post but the fbi leaders were deliberately misleading both of the economy in the daca.
its so sad that we are separating families  detaining documented people  sending daca students who have lived thei .
if you come into the u s  on daca  dont go around hitting women  cheating on them and doing drugs  game on b.
must see   betoorourke town hall meeting in alexandria  va  live on c span  .
 thedemocrats showing the pictures of mexicans immigrants thats nothing the best way you have to put on the floor .
tuoamne  dac ne iubeti d le la cercettorii englezi inspiraia s inventeze o pastil pe care s o iei dup ce t .
faa o que eu fao  no daa o que eu mando  .
biroul de cercetari sociale  daca reducem dreptul de vot celor fara 8 clase  psd dispare de pe scena politica .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny .
federal appeals court rules against trump administration on daca   foxnews.
 acnewsitics trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t care .
 fieldroamer  neilmunrodc and it s about time     i still can t understand how daca  an odummer illegal ruling  law  .
 caliicoder3  firenurse1956 especially with the exploding border crisis  tearing down other countries gates fences .
 flechettesoff  reinedumakioff daca.
 buckbeavers  kaitmarieox and when we allow them to pay taxes as exemplified with daca we make money back  also i d .
cum s te relaxezi     bei ceai    meditezi    faci o baie cald i lung    le spui tuturor s tac pentru c  dac nu vor .
 lisaadavis1  fuerza mundial  realalitweets what if bernie defeats trump  i think america will be at least somewhat .
 gop  potus  housegop  senategop  noamnesty  daca  sendthemback  deportthemall  illegalaliens  amp   buildthewall .
 no daca gavin wants them here in the united states   he should take them .
 c5n eso es toma y daca de macri    eso es muy malo para la economia    el gobierno no debe intervenir en la economia.
prin urmare  dac vrei s fii prostii live  de la ora 16 30  suntei invitai s l ascultai pe benea cum v pro .
kamala harris was the 1st senate democrat to announce she d vote against any spending deal that did not include a d .
attended a luncheon with  uofcalifornia president janet napolitano  t tenglish and learned about some great ongoing .
 realdonaldtrump daca started the migration of uacs  amp  families  amp  dems refusal to use a merit based legal imm syst .
voucherele pentru biciclete  impozitate  beneficiarii risc amenzi dac nu depun declaraiaunic .
 talibkweli  mrados2  corytatejd why you don t vote then    cause illegal immigrants don t have that right   you wa .
we need our leader to come together  amp  get daca amp  tps  that takes  dems  rep   amp  independents come together .
ok  dac regulamentul spune c golul lui sterling a fost din ofsaid  atunci nu nseamn dect un singur lucru  regul .
obama separated 80 thousand families in just his first six years  and sent the kids to the waiting arms of the sex .
 edwardntx  speterson39  kawcnews  ingrahamangle obama separated 80 thousand families in just his first six years  .
 klarqx  gtfomaaria  ioanabucluc sincer daca asta le face sa se simta confident e strict treaba lor.
eti frumoasa numai dac stai cu spatele la mine.
be and yet the stickum was too hard for some and yet where is the guacamole promised to me at the daca rally for ch .
for those with  daca in southern  nevada  contact  unlvimmigration for free assistance to apply for your .
 realalitweets those reluctant refusing   neverbernie to vote sanders in a general  its a total nightmare to push .
hello guys  if you like to check my tik tok romania youtube channel you can find it here    .
if anyone interested   si qqun intress   daca intereseaza pe cineva .
my sister is going to be a  rdh soon  knowing how hard she has been working to be where shes at amp  seeing her achiev .
 realdonaldtrump border patrol is not doing a great job they have become babysitters  nursemaids and drivers  when .
 vdumitrescu77  ionutaxinescu daca zice craciunescu   aia e.
 blackexodusmvmt  trosienf  jlomurray  breakingbrown  drboycewatkins1 if yore tweeting about daca but the black who .
estos son los lugares que las personas con daca pueden viajar dentro del territorio    .
 ionutaxinescu e offside  indiferent daca e deviere sau nu  nu poti sa modifici reguli ca sa respecti spiritul jocului .
 hopelessully mi i gen mega frica ca daca ar fi sa vb de nuj depresie ar fi luat in ras super rau mostly bc n as st .
 webuildthewall  sheriffclarke  speakerpelosi and 8 years of obama encouraging it  daca  dreamers .
daca societatea se asteapta ca eu sa nu citesc secolul xix ca  secolul x unu x  si sa trec mai departe fara sa ma g .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex .
 no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  no sh t  sherlock   when will they have enough illegals here to amnesty b .
 jiminxgurl  bts twt yt opreste mv ul daca nu este activitate la pc  trend creste daca dati share  share peste tot .
 sfactchecker  sensiablue  cnn uh  i dont think thats true  democrats were willing for two years to pass a compre .
exist dumnezeu n fotbal  numele lui este  var           dac nu era var ul  acum aveam city n semifinal .
 nataaliasilvva duvido voc levar chocolate no daca hj.
 gbm4byu  d1anemontana  liserg14  gomtnbiking  kamalaharris it exploded last year  has nothing to do with daca or p .
when maya berovic said ko u rodni zavicaj trcim u tvoj zagrljaj i really felt that.
drinking toilet water  widespread abuse  report details torture for child detainees        .
lic jalima quintero  immigration  attorney        honestidad  profecionalismo  confianza      servicios de   asilo  visas .
screenshots  shareblue media       trumplican   through and through        realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins .
 ioanabucluc nuj  pe mine no me importa  da  dac au de gnd s se machieze mcar s fie culoarea lor  nu a morcovului.
rep  pete king  fully supports barr s action on asylum seekers     vi .
kamala harris was the 1st senate democrat to announce she d vote against any spending deal that did not include a d .
 johnccomedy  d1anemontana  liserg14  gomtnbiking  kamalaharris according to boarder patrol  and dhs  the experts   .
juegazo de toma y daca   .
the survey by  found that 71  of daca students work in some capacity while attending college .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti that s okay  .
 betoo rourke takes on fox s  tuckercarlson son of a keeps blocking beto from speaking   goon  shepsmith who makes a .
dncil a trimis preedintelui propunerea de ministru al justiiei  sunt convins c procesul va produce suficient m .
very curious to ask  aoc where she stands on  daca     .
 raduuionescuuuu ok  cnd l gseti d mi link ul c s curios    pe lng asta trebuie s vd dac mai tiu parola l .
 daca .
 mariagmaitland  sensanders i m all for what daca did but not what was the sacrifice these young children had to ma .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti not really offended if that was w .
 betoo rourke takes on fox s tucker carlson on daca   youtube .
very proud of you  jinnotjim as a fellow daca recipient i know the strives we go for and the trails and tribulation .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i had alot more i had about 65 bu .
country great anger   they dont  they do anything that the hour in the daca  something the viewers celebrities sponsors.
 pathelearl  charriselane not true    he shoved aca and daca down our throats   .
 traztab  conserv1106  marklevinshow trumps economy is booming  wages rising  obamas was stagnant  income fell  4 .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol and i thought the number .
 shotsrangout  elguapo64  speakerpelosi  potus  realdonaldtrump similar to what they did to the beloved daca kids no .
 mollyysherrell want me to keep going  i can move on to his policies now if you want    the wall   banning people from .
  brbate  cum eti tu cam urel         dac sta micu ar semna cu tine mi ar prea cam ru  sincer      stai .
einstein  dac albinele ar disprea  omenirea ar mai exista nc 4 ani  .
 marmotadecampie noaptea dorm  problema e ca daca ma trezesc in timpul noptii nu mai adorm la loc .
 mihaihristea fault  dac e pe  doar ei  au fost cel puin 6  c alde sunt doar o balama     i da  asta ntreb i eu .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti not quite sure but it seems l .
blue is the new black  si daca adaugi si putin verde parca e si mai frumos  un machiaj colorat e tot ce e nevoie la .
daca was created out of the blue on the signature of a president and is being shoved up our ass and congress has .
don t miss the free screening of unafraid on 4 26 at 6pm at the clarice  this a documentary follows 3 daca students .
cu faculty council lgbtq  committee letter re cu presidential candidate  markkennedy   we are also troubled by his .
 contreasomar  sensanders why do you want to get rid of daca  do you hold kids responsible for the  crimes  mistake .
tottenham  dac se calific n semifinale  va fi fr son  fr kane    e gata  ajax n final   ucl.
 erkencikus   not a funkiller  adinavali  mraciu  floryguta1  faurgeorgeta  gabbi1016  cmuntenita  manuelaelena9 .
 charliekirk11 how many daca in jail.
i was never talented  i still dont consider myself talented per se     im just a hardworking individual who beli .
 dionysiankosmos haha eu sunt jimin in aceast situaie ptc dac te a pierde m a panica haha .
 mihaihristea i i avanteaz prea mult dac au fost 20 de ani din 30 .
read my piece  clinical ethicists awakened  addressing two generations of clinical ethics issues involving undocume .
 nygovcuomo it should have been done before you waived your magic wand for daca kids .
 ilovethemarina but i bet if a wall for daca bill passes you will be the first in line   .
 scottlanghoff  no daca they know the rules of engagement  and if military or law enforcement is threatened by dead .
 juansaaa congratulations    and fingers crossed for your future  and the future of all daca people  amp  vulnerable immigrants .
 ilovethemarina lol ok well then you can always not sign up for daca or if the bill passes for wall just dont sign .
creo que es el momento de plantear una reflexin  se habla de que el ftbol est cambiando  que la posesin no infl .
lowkey nuj daca mi am spart un dinte mancand coliva sau era o coaja de nuca.
nu mi mai spune vtm daca pe strada nu ma recunoti.
 silviufoca sa vezi la rmn  astepti intre 3 si 6 luni pentru o programare depinde unde suni  dar daca ai bani sa pl .
stop this madness  whites only  no brown or black skined people  trump took daca away  so fix it .
no  a spus ilie aa  dac la tottenham sunt probleme pe axul central  la tottenham sunt probleme pe flancuri  corect .
 kennysegway  bryanwinsagain  mmmbob some of the bills tulsi sponsored or co sponsored  medicare for all  daca  equ .
 youngmanjarrez daca.
dac e unic n lume  cum poate s mai existe altul n europa  ca acesta s fie al doilea        .
si nu e ca si cum o fac doar ca n am eu cum sa mi pierd dimineata si in alt fel ca daca as putea as arunca fdt sa mor eu.
 thescmexican  columbiabugle  realdonaldtrump if he responds at all it d just be doubling down on how great a job j .
triceanu  ntrebat dac iohannis va mai ctiga un mandat   vom vedea cine este cel mai bine plast dup alegerile .
.
dac antoine griezmann  campion mondial cu frana  ar fi antrenor dennis man ar face parte din echipa lui  atacantu .
alo primria  ia cu condamnri penale  pn vineri  ieii cu comunicate de pres       dac nu  elegant  cu poze  v pun eu  aici .
he thinks the death penalty is racist     he supports unrestricted abortion until birth     supports the green new deal .
daca spun ca suntem prieteni i nu te am injurat  sa sti ca mint.
dac l ai vzut  sunai la 112  un tnr din fntnele este cutat de familie   actualitati arad .
dac l ai vzut  sunai la 112  un tnr din fntnele este cutat de familie .
 mariagmaitland  sensanders not all republicans are racist i m latino and a trump supporter not a hard core trump s .
attorney general barr blocks catch and release by migration judges  via  breitbartnews    daca .
daca mie nu mi place abi  e strict problema mea  nu mi se pare ok sa facem publicitate la un astfel de comportament .
 ruggiere l  no daca and the deadly force .
iti calculeaza pana si numarul total al pretului in conbinatie cu numerele de pe seria bancnotelor cu care plateste .
sol pais found dead  south florida woman accused of threatening violence for columbine s 20th anniversary      .
 catoinstitute so what   if you are suggesting that we pick the successful daca recipients and give them a path to .
u s  projected to add 1 5m illegal aliens to population this year  via  breitbartnews .
newspapers encouraging locals to flee to the us  illegal migrants claim  via  dailycaller .
my daca was renewed       this means 2 more yrs of living working driving without the constant fear of deportation  .
dac deputaii ne consider nite idioi  noi s nu credem c n am fost  cnd i am ales .
daca ar fi maine un baiat oarecare sa filmeze niste oarecare factori si aspecte  ce factori si aspecte vi s ar pare .
 liserg14  kamalaharris that may be technically correct  but 90  are simply gaming the system with zero real asylum .
asa ma simt daca iti ating inima                    .
 denisdeniz26 o greal era s l in  momentan guvernul face ce trebuie  oamenii vd toate lucrurile astea  o s .
 pepedelbosque a toma y daca como debe de ser el futbol .
 eatcarrotcake  drewdenby  fwdus fyi   i am not against daca kids  no rational person would be        its completely il .
 eatcarrotcake  drewdenby  fwdus because their kids are in exact same position as daca kids  expect immigration sta .
 jiminieeeeee   pai tocmai ca o zis ca nu facem acasa dar ok fa daca vrei idk.
 raduuionescuuuu textul mi aparine  cv ul a fost n mna mea  l a putea chiar i publica dac nu ar fi vorba de .
nu nteleg dc oamenii ma suna at cand le scriu mesaj cu  dc mai sunat         nu ti am rsp cu un motiv cand m ai sunat d .
deci am aflat azi de la radio c la rmn trebuie s te programezi cu cteva luni nainte dac vrei prin sistemul na .
ministrul comunicaiilor  avertisment pentru iohannis  dac l refuz pe nicolicea ar mpinge preedinia spre zon .
el mejor partido de esta fase sin dudas  el atrevimiento del tottenham es admirable  toma y daca de batalla de coli .
 fairimmigration fair    what  illigal immagration not fair to the ones who come here legally      tell congress to f .
 oshlobanul dac d o ordonan  l bag pe guardiola n pucrie .
luna mai este o luna speciala pentru mine  m am decis sa premiez fanul lunii mai  daca vei fii activa pe blog vei fi premiata    .
 itmorar asta e anecdotic  dac citeam c aa ceva se ntmpl undeva aiurea  rdeam ca de tiranul care numete lu .
 nytopinion this is totally ignorant of history  in the 80s everyone said once the 4 million illegals got amnesty .
 menhear is a new one 2 one health and well being service for men of all ages  to find out more call in to the plun .
daca ma supar de fiecare data cand pleci inseamna ca vreau sa stai mereu cu mine si ca nu pot sta fara tine  .
come  playontheplaza with us this saturday  4 20  10am 1pm  daca united hosts pay to play lotera  mexican bingo  a .
 apoliticalspin  clarkie5512 if you don t get the difference  i can t help you   trump wants the wall  protect daca .
daca ma supar de fiecare data cand pleci inseamna ca vreau sa stai mereu cu tine si nu pot sta fara tine   .
daca ma supar mereu cand pleci inseamna ca imi place sa mi petrec timpul cu tine mereu   .
ce ar fi dac  .
dac nu citeti la timp  nelegi prea trziu.
if yall are wondering if you have daca or any form of drivers license you can go to puerto rico.
 drjasonjohnson  blacklivesmatter won t matter with without immigration reform  kamalaharris  senwarren because .
dac nu castuga meciul asta guardiola e out .
 charliekirk11  aoc shes not for america  shes for the muslim side of the people  who came to our country as refu .
sunt un motenitor    aa c nu mai eti rob  ci fiu  i  dac eti fiu  eti i motenitor  prin dumnezeu    galateni 4  6 7.
   dankology   holy fuck you dont even know what daca is .
next wed   come see  the unafraid   a documentary that follows the personal lives of three daca students in georgia .
cum ar fi dac nu am mai face parte din generaia celor care se plng despre orice  oricnd  oricum in fata oricui   .
chasing his dream  editor jack doyle shares a daca immigrant s story and struggles as he fights stereotypes and car .
   dankology   discomforting to know that you are in full agreement of all 20 points  especially immigration  paris .
cum ar fi dac nu am mai face parte din generaia celor care se plng despre orice  oricnd  oricum in fata oricui   .
dac mergi la coal eu i propun s nu te machiezi deoarece machindu te zilnic i vor aprea couri i puncte .
 pipiapiu ahhh y no dejes de putear eso feo se daca afuera    saca todo afuera viaja sin peso    pero no sueltes el .
 ldesopo  kathymicale  ljt isnt me  ljt is me  vabelle2010  richjaeger  neilwmccabe2  kevin audio  whaleswarrior .
 apataetic daca as i intelege ceva ar fi .
america did you know that when obama was in office he was going to send the illegal  criminal illegal  undocumented .
america you know it is strange it seems to be ok for the communist party of america to send illegal  criminal illeg .
 homelanddems like  dnc shows more sympathy to daca and illegals as compared to  gcbacklog and  h4kids .
 mitroilelia pai daca e vorba de politica si de ai nostri    politicieni ar putea suna cam asa    vreau sa ti simt .
tii ce frumos cnd te uii la fotografi ca ele rmn la fel chiar dac oamenii se schimba .
 abels1906  brandeeezy   like i d rather it go to more grants  daca   whatever  because when the federal government .
 ipostaze d aia n o sa facem riduri decat dupa 65   daca mai traim pana atunci.
cic dac rzi timp de 15 secunde ctigi 2 zile de via dar eu rd mereu pot spune c sunt nemuritor.
alexandru petrescu  ministrul comunicaiilor  afirm c o eventual respingere de ctre preedintele iohannis a pro .
 jinnotjim congratulations  jin  you also make every single daca recipient very proud  thanks for representing .
.
 kingtutsdong  kathymicale  ljt isnt me  ljt is me  vabelle2010  richjaeger  neilwmccabe2  kevin audio .
 marietat sa le fie ruine dac i arat chestiile.
but they re running like  berniesanders  woot   medicareforall  collegeforall  greennewdeal  15hr  legalweed .
 tobbiefox  jlo5588  lizpeek  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler he .
it s interesting    daca is here through no fault of their own   so are  ados         daca have no place to return bc t .
 gus bs  dbi1956 espero que el cordobes  no se est dando vuelta  no miro ese programa basura  ojo que amrica es m .
 marietat dac acum 5 ani ai fi scpat de feisbuc  azi n ai fi pus aceast ntrebare.
dedicaiile erau la mod n anii 90  doar c acestea ajungeau la radio n plic     facem dedicaii dac mi scriei .
 capitan bera chiar  oare ce joac  jijibet azi  sau  dac e s gndim altfel  ce joac memeu  punem pe dos i dm lovitura .
ali ovaj faul za 2 1 za daca nikolica.
 groparu dac vorbeti cu cine trebuie i faci ce trebuie s faci ajungi i fr.
 thebbadwolf  moab2019  powerlineroad  randyle15721271  jjs5547  greybabypink  realdonaldtrump .
m a apuca de drept la spiru haret  dar trebuie s mai atept 10 ani dac vreau s ajung ministrul justiiei .
dac vei primi vreodat ordin s v sinucidei  nu facei ca gds .
 susanhmiller  edkrassen  aoc  mollycrabapple  avilewis  lavrentia  theintercept for illegal immigration we need to .
  babypinkjimin m a intrebat daca stiu ce inseamna si cum se explica succesul lor   im.
at stilt  we re committed to meeting the needs of the underserved and we always accept daca recipients        learn mor .
do you support provide financial aid for  daca undocumented students to pursue their educational journey or will yo .
dac tot se dezbate problema mea atept i aici njuraturile i cuvintele urate la adresa mea  nu este nevoie s v .
nstase trage de socialiti  pentru ca acetia s revin la masa discuiilor  m a bucura dac aceast reacie a l .
 gtfomaaria de obicei daca un baiat iti trimite meme uri inseamna ca ii place de tine.
literally half the democratic party is torn on voting yes or no on the daca and immigration reform but your mad at .
if castro and the dems want to make the race about immigration it is a sure loser   thank god the courts saved the .
 eastcodiesel  byteme1944  tenntom4  tru kells  markyoungtruth  aoc  kellyannepolls  potus if i were playing the se .
awesome to have iupat general pres rigmaiden  goiupat and dc57 and dc21 union leaders on campus at  pennstateler to .
productorii agricoli i cresctorii de animale vor fi scutii de taxe dac i vnd marfa n halastar .
 ivexler  fatimasaldonid jajaja qu imbcil   acurdate de su primer gobierno y de ah daca tu lnea.
 thetuttingfreak i m marrying a daca recipient.
marius tuc show  gelu voican voiculescu  dac dou zile revenea ceauescu  eram cu toii suprimai  vidul de puter .
que cayetana diga que a mara jess montero le falta el lazo amarillo es ofensivo    a falta de propuestas descalific .
 artketterhagen1 is it your contention that daca isnt questionable on legal grounds        this is the same president t .
dems played the daca  children  for all they were worth      when they were done with them  the dems abandoned daca as .
 lauriebriggs11  lynnestone1968  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 thehill i never understand when people say this   like obamacare  voting rights  sexual harassment  immigration  d .
dac guvernul interzice uber  ar trebui sa mergem cu mainile sa blocm piata victoriei cum fac taximetritii .
hey numb nuts you couldve    fixed this along time ago if you wouldve gave us the daca plan for dreamers your .
ce ar fi fcut randi dac nu ar fi fost muzica  .
 chiar dac suntem tentate mai degrab s ne criticm partenerii  va fi mult mai bine s ne strduim s vedem mai m .
gelu voican voiculescu  dac dou zile revenea ceauescu  eram cu toii suprimai  vidul de putere putea ajunge la .
over 5 000 6 000 daca students in massachusets are currently working and or going to school .
several arrests   no productive job  just activism    still gets daca renewal     another waste of an asu education  .
la ora 22 00 merg in emisiunea legile puterii de la realitatea tv pentru a lansa in dezbatere publica un proiect de .
 these cities also have substantial legal resources and immigrant rights organizations to help new arrivals navigat .
daca stands for deferred actions for childhood arrivals.
 whatsth61068280  no daca i don t have the credentials for that .
 ahumbletalent or is this in reference to daca  i ve heard folks try to make a case that daca was unconstitutional  .
daca is a program established by the obama administration back in 2012 for immigrant children who were under 16 and .
fostul preedinte peruan alan garcia  condamnat pentru corupie  s a mpucat n cap n momentul cnd era arestat  .
 krystaiprint dac s au inspirat de la romni.
cani personalizate la top terra trade  focsani       puteti face comanda pe adresa de mail comenzi rogoblen ro    sau dac .
cele mai noi maini n 2019 pe care ai vrea s le ai  chiar dac sunt scumpe .
tudorel par sa fie mai uman  oare o fi din cauza negilor lipsa  daca slugarnicia e direct proportionala cu numarul .
 yvonnewingett  mgsquires  robodellaz  taylorseely95  katieoc  kailawhite the republicans border security account n .
n opinia sa  micarea lui dragnea este cu    .
degeaba m a ntrebi dac vreau sa fiu iubita ta daca tu oricum o sa te plictiseti de mine        in decenta .
gigi becali a ales ntre dennis man i ianis hagi  .
 cherylk k  jeremynewberger  realdonaldtrump i pray you are kidding  45 doesnt let his fake national emergency pre .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
our tps  daca  and ded siblings belong in our communities  call on congress to be bold and pass the .
de data asta o s votez dup un principiu nvat cnd eram mic  n dristor  tragi o flegm n palm i i arzi o c .
 fairimmigration  campusreform  celinedryan how about we charge daca students international tuition and not count t .
 bostonbar s legal and policy implications of the border crisis program last night was a success  thank you to all .
yet no other potus has endured this even after obama daca and aca   so while congress has oversight  they are abusi .
 thetuttingfreak im marrying a daca recipient        which is quite something as im in the uk.
e curiozitate  n am nicio suspiciune real  n am nicio dovad  niciun indiciu  dac bre nea gigi pariaz  c i plac .
 isaacg888  comrade spidey  peterdaou you already did  daca         ban on trans servicemembers would be another pretty .
pintea zice ca nu avem n ar condiii pentru tratarea marilor ari  dar camera aia hiperbaric de la spitalul de .
expo milano 2015       shizuoka prefecture  japan pr  in english         japan   18 daca.
daca nu le ati vazut spectacolele pana acum  este timpul sa o faceti  prietenii nostri de la lightwave theatre comp .
 roarmy streamul pe spotify a sczut mult     sunt tot loc 2  dar diferena este foarte mare  nu va oprii din strea .
 livulica  stimabile dement  dac tu crezi  la nesfrit  c poi dicta orice  ii spun c te neli     dac tu crez .
so am i  i guess not just because of a pice of paper that i do not have   dreams  daca  usa  onmybucketlist  oneday .
 isaacg888  comrade spidey  peterdaou daca is better than no daca   a president that sees immigrants as human is be .
 mattbdogg  jimklunk remember chuck  amp  nancy saying they would support the wall  if only  trump would approve daca  .
 lynnestone1968  lauriebriggs11  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 terrycl20496272  anncoulter why would i ask democrats   they ve never claimed they were going to end daca  deport .
republicans must stop exploiting the lives of immigrant youth as a bargaining chip for hardline  racist  and anti i .
 hashallthehash  isaacg888  peterdaou obama deported 2 million people  those are moms  dads  kids  daca is great bu .
  a i c trump was negotiating with nancy and chuck on daca  they explained what they wanted   and he offered more t .
 travisakers  realdonaldtrump  pontifex if u watch the congress you ll see that dems will block what he wants for g .
thank you  repdeliaramirez   willguzzardi  amp  all other co sponsors for supporting hb0072  amp  being champions for our i .
 elcarlillosese  ilovethemarina its not  it is useless which is my point  let him have his stupid wall and daca get .
we are  heretostay and we are here to support each other  if your  daca expires before 2020 make sure you renew now .
 isaacg888  comrade spidey  peterdaou daca is something   a pretty big something for the people affected   trump an .
dac nu sunt on inseamna ca ascult muzica.
 hashallthehash  comrade spidey  peterdaou obama did nothing for them but daca  if some guy ran with almost the sam .
 dac mai sunt ntrebri de ce poliitii americani mpuc n asemenea situaii   .
gen dac asculi billie nu eti automat mecher.
degeaba preedintele rii scrie cri dac premierul nu tie s citeasc .
 dac mai sttea dou zile n romania nu supravieuia  .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i m not triggered in the slig .
and at the lincoln united methodist church in 2014  psf held workshops that helped some 6000 people apply or reappl .
 housegop  gopleader in the first two years of holding all 3 branches of government  the gop failed to supply any a .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol i dont proof read my sentence .
dac eti prin centru i vrei s i astmperi foamea  i recomand burgerul cu vit de la street food eroilor  deli .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you   a libtard   calling tru .
 jinnotjim congratulations   we need to fight for tps and daca recipients like jin park .
 vp  potus hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear agreement  asia pacific agree .
crunch on eve of new orleans to you come on ending daca  cruel   complete  shithole   mass communication blackout  so much.
dac ai ntrebri despre taberele eematico  noi te lmurim  pn atunci  am adunat ntrebrile frecvente i le am g .
 senatortomudall hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear agreement  asia pacific .
 bawstonboy  countryroads445  charliekirk11 lol you were never in support for daca kids  quit lying.
 ioanabucluc i dau dreptate pentru c dac caui pe google  gseti n ong uri cunoscute care adun bani pentru pe .
nu incape nicio indoiala bucataria romaneasca este plina de savoare    mititeii tochitura sarmalutele sunt pe pozitii .
 consider that of the 44 500 overstay leads that dhs investigated from 2004 to 2012  it arrested just 9 000  mainly .
 eastcodiesel  byteme1944  tenntom4  tru kells  markyoungtruth  aoc  kellyannepolls  potus again  you re saying lac .
dac messi juca n  epl  nu 10 ani  ci 4 5 aa  cred c avea 200 de goluri contra barosanilor  .
 no daca  serremmy  t flgal  blistken  jonz970  bertrite  joylaine  locklea5  aw95nj  jmb76109  okwessler5 .
  cnn  danabashcnn  senronjohnson yesterday u failed 2 talk about how dt desecrated 9 11 though u cued it  2day  u .
 slcmayor mayor biskupski the duty of public officials     defend  constitutional law for all     un civil society .
sall numele meu este avasiloaie iulian bogdan a k a  bogdi16 si daca vrei sa vezi o diversitate de jocuri noi si ve .
 roarmy putem ajuta pt billboard donand la  usarmyxspotify     paypal  hello2mahopeworld gmail com      daca nu aveti pay .
idaho   e ilegal sa ii oferi iubitei tale o cutie cu ciocolata care cntrete mai mult de 22 kg   indiana   nu ai vo .
 countryroads445  charliekirk11 go for it   i used to support the daca kids but they have turned into entitled  spo .
dragnea i a ordonat  lui nicolicea  ce trebuie s fac dac va fi ministruljustitiei  .
dragnea i a ordonat  lui nicolicea  ce trebuie s fac dac va fi ministruljustitiei  .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear ag .
nebraska   o mam nu poate sa ii ofere fetei sale o tunsoare permanenta  dect dac este frizer liceniat   louisiana .
mcar a ars notre dame dac sentimentele tale pentru mine nu.
 no daca  aclu venezuela .
 younicks  brandysalesky  3940eagledude  tedcruz the economy will collapse in less than a decade if we dont find a .
.
new jersey   nu ai voie sa tricotezi n timpul sezonului de pescuit   new york   lapii nu pot fi purtai dup ora 22 .
 feldeenjimmy  clarkie5512 yes   daca people were being used in negotiations involving trumps wall  that is using .
degeaba spui ca iti pasa de oamenii sraci i nfometai ca rspuns pt oamenii care vorbesc despre notre dame  dac .
un cunosctor ntr ale graficii pe calculator m poate ajuta s mi aleg o tablet ct mai ieftin i nou    nu vreau .
north dakota   este ilegal sa adormi i sa cazi din pat n timp ce eti nclat   rhode island   dac muti din pici .
 realdonaldtrump cant we just defund all assistance to illegals  all illegals  even daca   no housing  medical  fo .
suntem ok i dac nu punem poze cu noi la  notredame cnd era ntreag .
pun asta aici din interes propriu  c e un loc tare finu  cu mult turcoaz i muzic din aia la care a merge la c .
tennessee   este ilegal sa mpari cu cnv parola de la netflix   utah   este ilegal sa nu bei lapte   vermont   femeile .
i just delivered this letter from james in schenectady  n y  to  gillibrandny   senschumer and  reppaultonko .
parents of daca folks risked everything for a chance at a better life for them  every single day still in the fight .
 elizabethheng  berniesanders weren t there two democratic presidents during that time  didn t the democratic party .
just walked passed my history professors office and he had a i support daca sign outside his door i love himajdjfkwk.
 capitan bera  adriano qld l am auzit in direct  s a cam dat de gol  a zis ca acum a pariat prima data dar a zis si .
i just delivered this letter from sandra in appleton  wis  to  repgallagher  wipols  wipolitics  daca .
what do you stand for  come see pococo perform on boyd plaza during sodacitysc this saturday alongside daca united  .
daca iti dau una iti sar fitele din capu ala.
dac este adevrat credina ta n dumnezeu  vei primi grija lui deseori       iisus  dumnezeu .
eu zic sa le dai papucii fielor ca daca nu ti i da gagicato .
m au sunat sa raspund la un sondaj  dupa ce m au intrebat cata incredere am in dragnea  au vrut sa stie dac am auzi .
cum ar fi daca fiecare dintre noi am trai propriile emotii  am actiona in consecinta lor si nu am judeca actiunile .
 deborahm lpn  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump nope  youre just confused  dems wanted daca for funding border  trump .
 repadamschiff so if you believe in checks and balances  how did we get daca .
vedea dac este corect sau dac i recunoate greelile  gsete un lucru pentru asta.
1  spune i mici secrete i vezi dac l spune cuiva   2  las l s atepte mult dup tine sau nu face ce vrea el i v .
daca iti zic ca esti proasta te laud.
 theplumlinegs  yeselson i dunno   i say make up a dream list of what we want for immigration reform     daca  reason .
daca recipients long for fully legal status  dream on  says the trump administration  .
daca  .
florin clinescu l avertizeaz pe liviu dragnea n legrut cu numirea lui nicolicea la justiie   dac tu crezi c .
.
daca e sa fim corecti  ce s a intamplat cu patrimoniul electrocord     cu drepturile de autor ale electrocord .
nu m ar mira dac lng cuvntul   arogntar exista numele tu i poza .
s mai scriei i tmpenii pe facebook  pentru c  dac ntr o zi va trebui s stai n faa unui judector  aici v .
      este interzis s aduci uri pe plaj         dac cineva vede c ai aruncat o gum de mestecat .
s scriei i tmpenii pe facebook  pentru c  dac ntr o zi va s stai n faa unui judector  aici va gzi dove .
 thedemocrats the usa mexico border has been a problem for decades  look at the ages of the daca   dreamers  some h .
fa  daca vrei sa vorbesti cu mine  vorbeste si scrie corect  fa.
meet 22 year old fernanda lima  a  dreamer and  daca recipient who was born in brazil  and came to the u s  when sh .
dumnezeu nu are nevoie de rugciunile noastre  dac triete printre oameni nu  tie cine suntem   .
dac planul a nu merge  atunci reamintete i c alfabetul mai are nc 25  de litere.
daca era pentru un spital  nu se donau asa repede asa suma  dar pentru o biserica     world.
marius tuc show  gelu voican voiculescu  dac dou zile revenea ceauescu  eram cu toii suprimai  vidul de puter .
daca pana acum credeati ca justitia e praf datorita lui toader   asteptati nitel sa l vedeti pe nicolicea cum joaca .
dac te ai mbolnvit de via  moartea e singurul antidot.
anun gsit la scar  poate ajut       pierdut pisic in zona gemenii  rspunde la numele de mau este prietenoas dar .
dac vreodat am suprat pe careva cu postrile mele  v spun sincer          c am s o mai fac .
nu mai rzi la o glum dac e spus de multe ori  atunci de ce ai plnge pentru nite lucruri de mai multe ori .
romnia n direct  dac ai putea face o singur donaie  pentru ce ai dona  de ce   video  .
ce fel de om eti dac strici irul unei reacii  gen nu realizezi c s a  muncit  s fie perfect i tu l strici .
degeaba ai 1 000 de fee dac toate sunt de prost.
such a fitting question for holy week   how might catholic health care live solidarity with immigrants  from the un .
iubete m sau urte m  ambele variante sunt n favoarea mea  dac m iubeti voi fi mereu n inima ta  dac m u .
nu poi ncepe un capitol nou din viaa ta  dac tu nc l citeti pe ultimul.
soarele strlucete chiar dac e singur  pot face i eu asta.
 apoliticalspin  clarkie5512 daca was using people as political pawns  no  that was giving innocent people a chance .
dac a primi un dolar de fiecare dat cnd m gndesc la tine  chiar m a gndi.
dac te iert mereu dup ce ai greit  s tii c in la tine i am nevoie de tine .
dac gargamel ar deine probe penale cu care l ar putea incrimina pe daddy  ar merge la dna  aceast ntrebare va .
eti frumoas  chiar dac idiotul la a uitat s i o spun.
de ce i se spune  somn de frumusee   dac atunci cnd te trezeti ari ca un trol .
 huac2 0  juliereichwein1  potus legal didnt matter for daca.
viaa ar putea fi minunat  dac oamenii m ar lasa n pace.
n am timp s iubesc  abia dac am timp s dorm.
dac nu ardea notre dame nu mai aveam noi  romnii ce posta pe facebook.
deport all illegals  no amnesty  no daca        retweet if you agree          realdonaldtrump   lindseygrahamsc   devinnunes.
 predsedniksrs daklem  posna daca .
pete buttigieg takes a question from maria gonzalez  a 30 year old woman and daca recipient from marshalltown who  .
dac te distanezi de mine creznd c asta m va face s te caut mai des  te neli.
   repcummings has time 2 send  secret memos  but not do what he promised the american people he would do if cohen .
rona hartner  mrturisiri emoionante despre lupta cu cancerul i a doua intervenie chirurgical  dac vrea dumne .
 repjerrynadler pawns  like the dems have been doing for years  what happened to daca   youve used those people like rag dolls.
dac trupul nostru ar arta ca mintea noastr  strluciii ar strluci cu adevrat .
 krystaiprint daca nu era sa te calce cat erai pe trecere si dupa sa te injure ca ce faci tu pe acolo  e degeaba.
 benshapiro ben  i m a daca recipient and if you ever want i ll gladly take you out for an authentic mexican burro .
 realdonaldtrump sir  fix daca  and do something to get close to union workers  postal office pays democratic to in .
crazy how fast a year goes by  one year down  my permit expires in exactly a year from today and fight for somethin .
 language arts  dnc  berniesanders so a 4 million majority translates to a 4 percent difference  you know i am not .
 rockymtncivil  bretbaier  specialreport  berniesanders im not the only legal immigrant with the same views  i  al .
 daca unsuitable                     .
2018 and i heard the daca army must ensure they made it got  em just hold strong.
  potus  vp    mickmulvaneyomb    senategop  housegop    angelfamilies    gop    texasgop    libreinitiative    thedemocrats      c .
 essenviews  cberrl the only way2birthrate is2 relieve stress w  minimalbasicincome  universalhealthcare .
cnt asta de fro trei zile  dac o dau mai departe  poate scap  gudlacuri  .
 meblanche0912 era minunat dac dormeam mai mult.
la nceput a fost   cuvntul    ns multe cuvinte sunt mincinoase chiar dac suntei creai dup chipul i asemnare .
10 momente n care ai nevoie de mam  chiar dac eti deja mare  emotionant de citit     gt  gt   .
 usr romania probabil se gndete c asta poate s l scape daca tudorel nu a reuit .
 realdonaldtrump lets provide the illegal immigrants with the sanctuary they are so desperately seeking at border .
oligarch owned  media brainwashing gullible again against women  abc  cbsnews  nbcnews  cnn  msnbc  reuters .
along with daca we could offer baca   help build the wall and become a citizen  saves us billions   winwin  potus .
nu stiu daca impresioneaz pe cineva taximetristii intrati in greva foamei  ar sensibiliza mai mult cu o greva a ma .
a dream deferred   daca  dreamact  dreamers  immigration  intpolicydigest .
daca iohannis ar fi presedintele romanilor  ar cere demisia de urgenta a primarilor firea si mutu  dezvaluiri incre .
 realdonaldtrump hatred has been struck down again      daca     gop  anncoulter  gopchairwoman.
daca iohannis ar fi presedintele romanilor  ar cere demisia de urgenta a primarilor firea si mutu  dezvaluiri incre .
deport all illegal   end sanctuary cities  end daca  end catch and release       rep  pete king supports barr s new mig .
dac nu l aproba presedintele pe nicolicea se merge mai jos  erban nicolae.
bai  tudorel toader dac i ddeai demisia erai erou  asa te au aruncat ca pe un gunoi.
multe gravide se ntreab dac epilatul inghinal total cu cear este obligatoriu i sigur nainte de natere  ei bi .
 ewarren what shall we do with these funds  pay for immigration judges  immigration legal aid    daca processing ce .
along with daca we could offer baca   help build the wall and become a citizen  saves us billions   winwin  potus .
5 semne c eti o mam extraordinar  potrivit psihologilor      fiecare mam i face griji cu privire la creterea c .
a great piece on how people like me benefit from the daca program and why we aren t the  animals  some people would .
 sabaatahir i m marrying a daca recipient      wtf is daca .
 feldeenjimmy  clarkie5512 where can they be set with out violating a law  why only there and not a sanctuary city  .
 twitter  facebook  instagram gods of social media on wrong side of history  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
dac ai aptitudini de designer graphic  gust vizual  responsabilitate  creativitate  asocierile sunt simptomele de .
dac suntei n zon n 25 aprilie    .
american women vote  amp  notice  media male bias  cbsnews  abc  nbcnews  newshour  cnn  msnbc  nytimes  flipthesenate .
leaving  daca in limbo is hurting young immigrants and our families   dreamandpromisenow  heretostay      sign our peti .
 jenei 7 salut  de ce mi ai dat block pe fb     daca am gresit cu ceva  te rog frumos sa mi spui  te rog mult  m am .
we are so proud of aef scholar jin park  who is the first daca recipient to be awarded a rhodes scholarship  thank .
 no daca  aclu youre kidding right .
how significant a part of our daily lives has social media become  check out these stats  .
 marietat daca vrei ti l tatuez eu cu pixul pe piticul ala care bea si stie chestii .
pres candidate pete buttigieg on immigration       supports a pathway to citizenship for illegal aliens  amp  daca   against .
in ultimii ani  stilurile au trecut de barierele impuse de moda clasica  devenind o suma a preferintelor exprimate .
 fairimmigration  dailycaller  henryrodgersdc whatever       bec all i m thinking abt is  potus who signed that fun .
yes  prosecute trump  amp  dump trump s  gop  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 indconsrebel  realdonaldtrump it was during the daca shutdown of 2018  and included in schumers proposal was full .
chiar dac zmbeam  pe seciu ntotdeauna simi durere  amr 3 zile pana la  roadgrandtour  o sa fie prima cursa pe .
 cher you are uneducated  immigrants contributed  56 4 billion in federal taxes   26 3 billion in state and local   .
 paul flores44  troyd92  ravenpresser  sahluwal  hutchinson how did your ancestors get here   they had to apply and .
 socaledgygal here is some of  trump plan  the rest is mine  allow daca to stay  just stay but not as citizens  end .
cu un mandat  sper  de presedinte  iohannis intra in manualul de istorie  daca mai scrie inca o carte  sigur are sa .
vezi partea bun a lucrurilor   gndete te la reuitele tale   dac ai o problem gndete te la cum ai putea s o .
 impeachbarr 4 violating oath of office reasonable bail is  civilrights  speakerpelosi  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 ce ai face daca ajax ar juca finala cu barcelona   raspunsul sincer dat de frenkie de jong dupa ce a eliminat o pe .
dump trump s  gop wasting  tax dollars destroying  middleclass  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
eu  dac as fi oficiul concurentei  i as da in judecat pe tia de la apple ca doar ei produc iphone i din cauza .
 caroljo44  ready for us  twobarrels  pawleybaby1999  twobarrels48  patriotelwood  commandercac  delicateswan60 .
1  fa ti un organizator     2  dac ai luat ceva dintr un loc pune l de unde   l ai luat    3  ncearc sa i faci ordin .
deja aproape 6000 de participani sunt ateptai s participe la cele 36 de evenimente nscrise pn acum n romni .
rona hartner  mrturisiri emoionante despre lupta cu cancerul i a doua intervenie chirurgical  dac vrea dumne .
 gusteru exista i o a treia opiune   dac nievasta nu e foarte decis .
 speakerpelosi  senduckworth  senatordurbin  replipinski congress must over ride veto stop war  aarp  blm  veterans .
 qctoday  cuny  cunycitizenship  defineamerican  dachapters resources for daca students   share widely  .
 bibisez  ajenglish nu m simt vizat personal  doar ca articole de genul la fac mult mai mult ru dect fac bine  .
  nearly 60  of americans disapprove of pouts  performance     74  oppose his undermining of obamacare      more oppose .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
        peing   .
 deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump hasnt trump lost every trade deal so far  lost on the border  lost on the middle .
manipulation of gullible  uk voters by nationalist r wing party  fakenews  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
 tmasculinity1  ingrahamangle congress proposed a solution in january 0f 2018   legalization of daca in return for .
a inceput sa picure daca incepe potopu si eu is afara .
hello  melteanule  scoate blugii din osete c acuma i vomit s mi pice ce am pe cas dac te mint.
avea un prieten o vorb  se pierde numai ceea ce nu i iubit  dac nu exist relaia asta afectiv n ai cum s priv .
pro brexit group faked videos o scam  amp  brainwash  uk voters  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 realjack why is it when trump wants to give dems what they want they return it  daca solution  illegals to sanctua .
 wtaromania  mikibuzarnescu  fedcup  cristina hutu  irina begu  raluca olaru nu mai bine ar juca begu la simplu dac .
l au demis pe slugarel toader    daca nu fac restructurare a guvernului  sunt la mana lui iohannis.
daca ii mai da o noua sansa iohannis guvernului remaniau  eu zic ca o sa ne fie dor de bubonel     nu credeam ca va f .
chiar dac vi se pare mult mai eficient s v disciplinai copilul pe loc  fix n momentul n care greete  indife .
the answer to  pope francis   haunting question   who will cry for  undocumented youths    must be us   read  cbsj .
 bailpirate  paul vandermeer uncompromising   ineffective  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
cum arat lumea l amp d  nvarea i dezvoltarea sunt mai eficiente dac trainerul sau consultantul este din afara com .
 ingrahamangle no need   just enforce our laws  no invaders wanted   no asylum    no daca   no h1 visa   no residen .
mag open house ang daca this coming april 29  adto nya mo guys  free food .
 dac mergi din nordul germaniei pn la grania cu ungaria  estimm c un camion va circula cu o vitez de 75 km p .
dac sigurana emiliei ercan va fi pus n pericol  noi  rsf i activewatch  vom considera c autoritile romne .
 realdonaldtrump  senategop  housegop  foxandfriends  briankilmeade stop illegal alien invastion of the usa  change .
cum ar fi s ai un huawei p30  i spunem noi  ar fi scuza perfect s stai nelimitat pe net  la cartela telekom ai .
liviu dragnea  dac iohannis va intra n jocul neconstituional de a tergiversa remanierea  ne vom ntruni n coali .
im still wondering why her house is occupied by daca kids    she offered to open her home to them    .
sunt un om  nu un tratat de morala pentru cei fara de ea   decat daca aleg .
 annalieseavery  jamesenicol   kidbookbingo.
 bsgstgoatmilk   501a5cd0 daca 46b6 b15a 0c53845abdf6.
 nigeria  africa embracing  digital revolution  finance  payments  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
de o ora  cineva  dac nu cumva un boot  ncearc s i fac cont de snapchat cu numrul meu de telefon  cnd mesaj .
crypto scam warning never send crypto to receive crypto read this  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
friends  as you know many of us can still  renewdaca  please help tiny meet her goal   300 00 more to go  can i cou .
 nateonthehill daca is not for asylum seekers     only renewals are allowed for daca.
iorgulescu   daca pe regulament sunt satelitul fcsb ului  clinceni nu poate promova   .
iar  dac mai mere vremea aa o s mi fie indispensabil s m izmenesc  .
 trump454545  distinct words send them all back    obama with them as he broke the law when he wrote the daca law   .
politistii vor putea sa aplice pe loc amenzi daca     .
ce ii cere liviu dragnea lui nicolicea  pe care l a propus ministru al justitiei  .
care este alternativa dac uniunea european se destrm  .
reporteri fr frontiere reacioneaz n cazul ercan  scrisoare ctre carmen dan  dac sigurana ziaristei va fi p .
persistence pays off wow   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 lucylovestrump eventually that line of reasoning will be useful to lawyers representing american students denied c .
degeaba te dai mare mafiot daca nu stii sa scrii corect.
im curious to see what people think about extending medicaid to daca students and immigrants.
observant people know  realdonaldtrump will  turn like a viper  on his best  friends   if they don t toe the mark  .
nu am nimic cu francezii ori cu catedrala lor dar dac afl patriarhul daniel ci bani s au donat d i el foc la catedral     .
 thetoddschulte please advocate to restore advance parole for daca recipients  they currently cannot travel to see .
arizona border mayor declares state of emergency over migrant crisis  via  breitbartnews .
sustin fara rezerve nicolicea  ministrul justitiei  pentru ca zau daca meritam mai mult   .
vizit i reacie pe principiul unde dai i unde crap .
teoretic  viitorul ministru al justiiei va fi nicolicea  ntrebarea este dac tranziia se va face rapid i fr s .
teoretic  viitorul ministru al justiiei va fi nicolicea  ntrebarea este dac tranziia se va face rapid i fr s .
daca esti roman ca  ma ai la urmariti si vezi chestia asta te rog da un like ca vreau sa verific ceva.
 badgirlstina  mikejohnson2065  dailymail and if your born in for example australia your an aussie citizen if you c .
 selenakindnezz daca ar cheltui atata si pentru videoclipuri  era bestial  dar se pare ca tine mai mult la imaginea .
multumesc celor care s au abonat  daca nu ai facut o hai in stol    momvlog .
nu tiu dac mai inei minte atunci cnd colegii notri de la usr au mprit n plen crile ferma animalelor  .
administraia naional de meteorologie din romnia anun temperaturi nalte de pate pentru regiunea moldovei  .
 clotilde armand daca donau catedralei din bucuresti cred ca faceai ca toti dracii .
trump immigration officials are getting death threats  aoc has renewed her calls to abolish ice and daca is still h .
cum verificam daca avem dosare la kruk  .
unde au euat toate religiile lumii    p s  dac nu nelegi ce citeti  euezi .
 realdonaldtrump the hypocrite fks are never going to help america they never have civil war slavery kkk jim crow j .
titlul articolului evita cu gratie stirea  actiunea in instanta formulata d ecatre detinutul cu pricina a fost resp .
permite ti sa iei o pauza  o zi nu este o viata  o pauza nu inseamna infrangere  .
 bibisez  ajenglish preocupat nu sunt nici de casa lui popescu  doar sper ca are asigurare  dar asta nu nseamn ca .
a dreamer is a person with daca  me i am a dreamer   just because your daughter has dreams does not mean shes a dr .
 zombilau  jieuodibu acel referendum a fost in octombrie 2018 afaik  daca esti asa de ferm convins pe ce s a votat  .
bsescu remanierea  o micare neinspiratm ntreb dac psd va tolera i aceast decizie a cucului prost care s a .
nu s a mai ntors acas  dac l ai vzut  sunai la 112     .
 bibisez  ajenglish ce e cneala asta  de parca nu poi sa fii empatic cu mai multe lucruri in acelai timp  adic .
liderul psd liviu dragnea a declarat miercuri  la parlament  intrebat ce va face psd daca     .
les juro que soy la ms feliz cuando estoy con el .
pedophiles  daca  illegal parents   dawdle example by schumer  amp  pelosi  amp  puppets   men .
daca va placuttttttttttttttttt.
 ashgomes3  hayleyvatch so you are telling me that parents of daca left some of their children in their home countr .
dac n viaa personal  fiecare dintre noi ncearc s cntreasc riscurile n cele mai diverse situaii  n cea .
 kamalaharris  b b baconator we know conditions are terrible and that the trump administration has exacerbated the .
 deckarddon1  grammy620  aoc  ilhanmn  rashidatlaib exactly it s how they play identity politics  just as in 2016 w .
particip si va invita la o praji si o cafea  daca o castig    .
 blankslate2017  amyewalter basically  everything that there is a congressional consensus for that right wing talk .
she let our daca kids get deported  amp  not brought backshe let our farmers lose their deals with china that were al .
normal c mi pierd interesul daca raspunzi dupa 30 de minute la mesaje.
hai sa dam cu pietre in pietoni       romania  locul 1 n europa la accidente rutiere cu victime  o spune rares bogdan  .
 dailycaller did barack obama have the legal authority to put daca in place in 2012     no .
i dac tot ne pregtim pentru ntoarcerea lui  jichangwook din armat  pe 27 aprilie   vedei interviul complet pe .
 denisdeniz26  mihaihristea a dat unii iobagi ardeleni de care eu ma delimitez  vehiculeaza cu entuziasm de neintel .
 abc still no daca resolution  no immigration reform  no aca fix    and yet our speaker of the house is away from h .
 keepingsunny  realdonaldtrump know what daca stands for  first two words are  delayed action   time for action .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol its not just far right people .
am auzit de multe ori povestea cu  daca plec eu din firma o sa vada  or sa dea faliment  or sa se inchida  si am ra .
 youngresister trump im not talking about the neo nazis amp white supremacists because they should totally be condemne .
dac bolevicul asta absolut sinistru i incult va ajunge ministru de justiie  atunci    frailor    e groasa ru  .
 cojasonglass  boatrightmom dr  glass    thank you for stopping by the daca meeting last night to assure members that .
 ashgomes3  hayleyvatch lol daca already have their family here   plus chain migration takes over 2 decades if they .
 recklesswhisper another daca lover of america .
 1nsxmnia  acgvenezuela jajajajajaj tas claro daca.
la barza chioar i face dumnezeu cuib    .
one of my former students  pollo5j  just became the first daca recipient to be admitted to the oklahoma bar associa .
 buzzman888  jamierodr14  betoorourke that looks like hes at the guggenheim in nyc  big deal  ny is a cesspool tha .
daca  .
 apataetic se plimbau cu liftu si dupa daca ieseau alergau pe scari ca sa il ia de la alt etaj .
 realdonaldtrump i work with a little mexican girl here on daca and she cries every day in fear of this piece of tr .
dac iei pe strasse la prnz   peste cine dai   peste mari artiti pe motor   tinutza   oltin dogaru    .
  daca    .
 taylorlynnrena what was the minor traffic violation   daca re vocal needs 3 misdemeanors or a felony .
 no daca  jk67joan  aclu .
 marcohoessl felicitari mai ales daca promovati produsele romanesti .
s zic mersi dac au wc n curte  n vaslui sunt coli care au buda n alt sat .
 jeepsuzih2  nomercy604  ilmforg democrats are all two faced  pushing agendas like amnesty for daca recipiemts  tru .
 saddest apple daca trimiti mesaj 2 minute inainte sa ma trezesc logic ca esti prima persoana.
daca tot e rece afara  am bagat niste scrumbie la afumat  ca vorba aia  ce faci cu mana ta  e sfant      asa o fa .
 vorbete rar    nu te gndi ce va trebui sa faci  chiar dac ai uitat      va fi mereu o persoana care i va spune c .
the trump administration has separated more than 2 800 children from their parents crossing the border .
prostilor astora le cade tencuiala in cap daca se plimba 3 ore prin centrul clujului  dar ei au bani de notre dame  .
 realdonaldtrump daca .
ma tot mir cat de tmpiei sunt unii dintre ai notri  alei in funcii publice  cum sa faci donai din bani public .
now playing    delia rus   daca pleci     listen here  .
faa lucreaz din greu ca s gseasc un plan mpotriva lui zverev  face prima dat break  ia s vedem dac l consolideaz .
 no daca  fairimmigration  politico  tedhesson thus creating job employment for bounty hunters    nice  good idea .
 arizonakayte  tamrahinzey they don t want to fix it  dems want daca 2 0      first  oh they just want a better life    n .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
eti mam de bieel  drm prejudecile i crete un domn   d      dac eti mam de bieel  tii deja din experien .
dac te gndeti la o vacan n dubai  ar fi bine s citeti asta  .
 turgutzal  menderes  erbakan  erdogan bu liderlerin ortak hedefi hep bamszlk olmutur  metodlar farkl olabilir ama dava ayn daca.
dac vestul europei se prbuete n decaden  est europenii au datoria moral de a o cuceri    pentru c europa .
bsescu  dac dncil se opune remanierii  dragnea ar deveni o amintire despre un fost preedinte psd cruia putere .
no wall  no mexico paying for the wall  not end to daca  highest illegal crossings in decades  runaway debt  nk can .
cat sa investesti daca doresti o pensie de 1000 euro peluna  .
 realdonaldtrump remember comprehensive immigration reform   how about daca    was put in your face   you ignored b .
mult relaxare i preparate culinare de calitate va ateapt zilnic  lapiovra   clucerului41  bucharest   dac dorii .
2        peing   .
de ce am spus c mi depunctez studenii dac mi trec la bibliografia eseului dex ul iwikipedia  .
 realdonaldtrump so is this another one of those promises that trump will sign whatever congress comes up with   li .
dac vrei s ai succes  spune alex  cunoate i clienii i creeaz pentru ei  nu de dragul unor cifre chioare  .
dac ai numr b   beu nu cred c i indicat s lipeti nite icoane peste airbag  .
salina turda   cluj  lt 3       distribuie daca iti place   .
dac nici aceasta nu este gogoa electoral    .
aceast frmntare continu este motivul pentru care tot mai multe cupluri se ceart i se despart  .
 sasha3taylor  cindyhess65  dev0ra no wall   daca   no walmart  6 5b anl sub   no citizens untd   save usps   living wage   cap .
revoluie copernician n domeniul pedagogic dac nu m arunc pe geam  v rog s m mpingei.
fratilor  intrebat pt traducere pula mea stiu sho sa folosesc google translate daca aveam ne .
eu credeam c mafia are suficiente televiziuni profesioniste dac vrea s i organizeze un linaj    ameninrile m .
liviu dragnea  ntrebat dac a ncercat s l conving pe toader s demisioneze   eu nu fac aa ceva    psnews .
 kolat ca o opinie ceruta este de bun simt sa o respecti  chiar daca e negativa   dar atunci cand nu ti se cere   o .
 trixywh  no daca  cbpsandiego this is just another aspect at the boarder that the democrates are refusing to deal .
numai 500 de lei    din care amu so mai scos 20 ca noi o sa avem vacan  zaibisi cadou de pate     asta nu era att d .
si mo inervat univeru ista    cr4 ma uit neo venit bursa 480 roni      trebuie po ideie sa vina 550    asta bursa de merit .
 cher you promised to house daca kids a few years back  how many are living with you .
u cluj va ncasa 1 5 milioane de euro dac promoveaz  cfr primeete 3 7 milioane dac ctig titlul .
este o chestiune profunda de moralitate i etica  salvezi copii de la nec sau nfometare sau reconstruim obiecte d .
suntem prezeni  alturi de alexandra stroe  co ceo bookster  la forbes 30 sub 30 summit 2019    dac suntei curioi .
 no daca  fairimmigration good  keep them locked up  amp  then deport them .
 no daca  fairimmigration from what i read  aclu helps with funding the invasion from the south .
masuratorile in bucatarie pot fi facute si altfel  daca nu avem un cantar la indemana     am facut un tabel ca sa v .
 no daca  fairimmigration aclu is the american civil libertys union  what the hell are they doing trying to represe .
la  europafmromania romnia n direct  dac ai putea face o singur donaie  pentru ce ai dona  de ce   video .
este un spatiu magic  pt cei care vor sa mediteze  sa scrie  sa se elibereze de energiile negative    daca as avea .
veti uriae  crete salariul minim  vezi dac vei beneficia de majorare    .
.
 dev0ra  cindyhess65 no wall   daca   no walmart  6 5b anl sub   no citizens untd   save usps   living wage   cap ceo pay   unive .
daca ma uit la tine din profil cand esti machiata ai fata cu 15 cm mai mare.
ne a fcut  vladimir gheorghiu nite poze amazing de la gigu  din expirat      smbta asta avem concert n iai  adi .
dna cere instantei supreme preschimbarea termenelor din procesele lui liviu dragnea si darius valcov  cel dintai er .
daca doriti sa mancati o  ciorba de legume buna in radauti  incercati ciorba mandria lucrurilor simple  mai multe d .
procedura pentru ndeprtarea cpuelor trebuie s o fac cineva calificat  este absolut necesar ca aceast procedu .
se taie din nou cabluri n centrul timioarei  dup 15 mai  dac operatorii nu i le dau singuri jos        gt  .
bby isi mareste echipa  daca doresti sa ni te alaturi  acceseaza linkul de mai jos si scrie ne un mesaj in privat  .
daca vrei sa fii la curent cu tot ce este la moda nu rata editia elle on tv  duminica  de la 14 30  la prima tv .
 shango5t  ajairah1 prove me wrong give me examples of what you re talking about  all your idiotic  trolling is use .
 ilovethemarina he wanted a compromise as do i  without the wall or border security there wont be a solution for daca.
dac te duci la indieni i ripostezi cu agresiune eti linat la modul c eti uitat i nu mai exiti  te poate m .
 vrei s afli povestea unei femei de succes i s nvei despre iniierea unei afaceri proprii     dac rspunsul es .
sunt curios dac la protestul anti uber de azi e i taximetristul care ieri mi futea morii pentru c am traversat .
nu am s scriu despre ameninarea cibernetic a momentului  chiar dac fur parolele utilizatorilor  dar am s scri .
cele mai noi maini n 2019 pe care ai vrea s le ai  chiar dac sunt scumpe  cele mai noi .
dac parisul merit un minut de tcere  siria merit ca lumea ntreag s tac pentru totdeauna .
nu am s scriu despre ameninarea cibernetic a momentului  chiar dac fur parolele utilizatorilor  dar am s scri .
 silviufoca  robertvt22 hai ca algoritmi tot trebuie sa nvei    nu strica nici astea dac vrei mai trziu sa ne .
 thomasjonwilli1  rob shehan  b3gsfan  speakerpelosi paul ryan left the negotiations   it was on  schumer and pelos .
preedintele partidului platforma demnitate i adevr  andrei nstase  sper c postarea de ieri a deputatului vl .
maria ii aduce de mancare lui ion la stana      mai ioane  ia uita te tu la berbecu ala  ce harnic e la marlit oile  .
dac vrei s gseti cuiva bube n cap  i le poi gsi  .
 mariagrapini daca dragnea i dancila ar avea un copil aa ar arata  urat ca dragnea  inteligent c dancila .
cesiunea creantelor bugetare poate avea loc numai daca sunt indeplinite cumulativ urmatoarele conditii  .
 michluvstrump  no daca prayers for this boy and his family  god bless him.
daca iubesti florile la fel de mult ca si noi  trebuie sa citesti noul nostru articol  lasa te prins in mrejele nat .
we re here st clydebank town hall today for the  bigdisability information day  come and see us  .
chiar daca mai sunt cateva luni pana la concediul din vara  este bine sa te asiguri ca nu ai omis aceste detalii im .
promit ca  daca imi iau veeodata in aceasta viata masina marca bmw sau mercedes  va fi dotata cu semnalizare pe car .
olgua vasilescu  ntrebat dac toader ar trebui s plece din guvern  da  eu m am exprimat public .
promot ca  daca imi iau veeodata in aceasta viata masina marca bmw sau mercedes  va fi dotata cu semnalizare pe car .
alege samsung galaxy a50  un smartphone de top   e  bestdeal la orange i cost doar 175 de lei lunar sau 4199 lei .
daca aveti intrebari despre revolut  acum e momentul sa le adresati .
 houdiniobama  masspolitica these people were granted sanctuary cities  now  the left does not want them there  fun .
dac tac cnd te vd nu nsemn c m am ruinat  nseamn c m abin s nu te njur    .
 michluvstrump  no daca .
dac vrem elevi i viitori angajai interesai de nvare continu  e nevoie s inem cont de mintea lor digital  .
liderul psd liviu dragnea a spus miercuri  ntrebat dac a ncercat s l conving pe tudorel     .
 ronindon  sirgolan tu ar trebui sa stii ce e bine pentru tine  dar se pare ca ai credinta ca daca te porti mai inf .
dac suntei timizi  avem i adres de mail    .
cum e viata asta   nimic nu e intamplator  oase are tatuat un elefant pe picior  povestea din spatele acestuia e sa .
dac eti pasionat de vin  i propunem ceva de nerefuzat  degustare de vinuri vechi   din anii 1958  1965 sau 199 .
dac n relaia de cuplu i se cere s renuni la personalitatea ta  la demnitatea ta  atunci aceasta nu este o rel .
 robertvt22  silviufoca dac le inserezi sortate din start  e i mai simplu   .
 realalitweets thank god    no wall   daca   no walmart  6 5b anl sub   no citizens untd   save usps   living wage   cap ceo pay .
olgua vasilescu  ntrebat dac toader ar trebui s plece din guvern  da  eu m am exprimatpublic .
 urmytaer zi i la  flamingocactus s te ajute dac vrei.
putem vorbi de o europ fr cretinism  .
 monicadascalu     am tot ncercat s dezactivez acest cont i s introduc   datele altuia i nu mai reuesc      am n .
 tostig alvin  kazweida  alyssa milano he s repeatedly asked them to work with him  to no avail  he even offered to .
dac cineva ar ipa la tine  i ai da seama imediat ce fel de persoan ai n fa  n schimb  exist o categorie de .
dan c  mihailescu despre suferintele si umilintele femeilor din inchisorile politice comuniste        si mesajul asta  .
oare ce vor face promotorii statului laic daca vor afla ca guvernul francez a finantat si el refacerea notre dame   feeling curious.
mcar d mai departe  dac nu te oboseti s paticipi  .
 jiminxgurl daca poti lasa un pc tableta mergand pe repeat  scrie ne si iti dam un cont free  se poate folosi doar .
 dee65249689 daca poti lasa un pc tableta mergand pe repeat  scrie ne si iti dam un cont free  se poate folosi doar .
a treia zi n care am stat cu porile deschise ne a oferit plcerea de a cunoate elevi de toate vrstele i de a l .
pentru toti cei care vor sa doneze pentru catedrala notre dame  eu va propun asa  daca aveti de dat 100 de lei     .
daca se razgandeste si indonezia cu fatwa emisa impotriva vaccinarii  omenirea are sperante  cine ar fi visat la un .
prinde ma daca poti .
 captvirtuemoirs site ul asta    dar nu ii numara pe cei care nu au folosit si ei site ul  chiar dac te au blocat.
 lemediatv et encore c  pas l incendie de  daca   l immeuble qui runit la mode franaise  proprit de certains do .
daca e scoala altfel  atunci altfel sa fie         la drurelax copiii au parte de distractie la maxim        pentru mai mul .
lovitur nucitoare pentru o categorie de pensionari  pensiile vor fi impozitate vezi dac vei fi scutit   .
.
masa copilului pare o sarcin destul de complicat  aa i        nu i dac te foloseti de ceva trucuri super ingenioa .
 dlindsey2  chilllingwithme  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7 .
nu poi iubi cu adevrat prezentul dac nu iubeti si trecutul din el.
am un blocaj in a scrie     poate nerabdarea de a vedea si a tine cartea in mana   nu stiu  cert este ca nu mai am .
pe 19 aprilie  vlad eftenie susine un workshop de fotografie   ne nvam cum s surprindem luna cu ajutorului zoo .
daca eu am reusit sa ma eliberez de frica       cu siguranta poti si tu  d   doneazasange.
daca ati primit pana acum o notificare de la operatorul dumneavoastra de telefonie mobila cu privire la modificarea .
am scris cteva rnduri despre posibilitile de reconstrucie ale catedralei notre dame  daca avei cteva minute  .
in opinia mea  daca dragnea va candida si libertatea lui va depinde de victorie  ne putem astepta la cele mai monst .
buna ziua    pentru evenimentul de smbt  curm parcul tbcriei i lacul   vom asigura mnui  saci i unelte .
 senadorkajuru no sei se ela  do bem ou se quer ganhar pontos com a populao    s espero que daa muito barulho tentando nos agradar .
ce s facem dac copiii au pictat tencuiala din mtase   n video de mai jos  este demonstrat cum putei restabili .
 nicolaemoranciu  viorelstefan  un  jegpsd   gunoipsd  a crezut ca in  europarl ro e ca in  parlament  amp   guvern in .
acetea dac cu adevrat au intelect  cel puin unul din ei ar trebui s se fac c trage  .
ai nevoie de un rmn i ai dou opiuni  s atepi 3 4 5 luni sau s plteti de la 400 lei n sus    dar ce te faci .
 chreqs eti ateu daca nu crezi in nici un dumnezeu pe care l ilustreaz religia dar crezi c exist ceva putere divin.
triceanu  despre procesul lui dragnea  dac nu erau acolo civa jandarmi  era linaj public  n halul acesta a fo .
la  gasesti cele mai rentabile preturi la piesele auto originale sau aftermarket  chiar dac .
lior bebera  cred c fiecare industrie ar trebui s i concentreze atenia pe oameni  dac ar fi fcut politic  .
 kevinlyfather promised the middle men they would get a greater slice of the cake  whilst throwing their tax dollar .
 trvmoonchild nup  era oferit de coala  dac picai prima data plteai urmtoarea data dac voiai sa o dai iar.
modificarea codurilor penale  pe ordinea de zi a cex psd de astazi  gt  gt  gt  .
 juanygar63 los militantes del psoe no pueden manifestarse  no tienen ni puta idea de lo que va a hacer snchez con .
daca adunam cat a dat dragnea pe geaca ralph lauren cu care a urcat pe scena de la craiova cu cat a dat teodorovici .
pregtii cu proiecte pentru o nou rund start ong  urmtorul call de proiecte se deschide pe 2 mai la ora 09 00  .
 antena3 pi cum nu  cnd  dup creterea salariilor  farfuzelor de spital le pic didema dac eticheteaz cum treb .
dei marea majoritate asociaz semntura electronic cu declaraiile fiscale  ea poate fi folosit n mult mai mult .
triceanu  despre procesul lui dragnea  dac nu erau acolo civa jandarmi  era linaj public  n halul acesta a fo .
  hitulzilei la rzi cu rusu i andrei  tu decizi dac l pstrm        hitul zilei de azi e  p nk   hustle .
 nohate dar va dati seama ca in mai putin de 24 de ore s au adunat sute de milioane de  pentru  notredame  oare .
eu nu urasc pe nimeni  nu stiu sa urasc si nu sunt dusmanul nimanui    da  am mai spus asta si o s o mai spun  ca s o .
gest marca gigi becali  ce a decis s fac patronul fcsb n memoria tatlui su  vreau s l mai ridic o treapt dac a ajuns n rai   .
am o prieten care mai are nevoie de o persoan s se nscrie de pe link ul ei ca s primeasc  revolutapp  metal  .
iar au iesit taximetristii la protest impotriva uber  de data asta au si un cosciug pe care scrie  uber   ca sa fie .
bannon criticizes catholic church s response to trump s plan for daca  via  youtube.
sa gatesti preparate gustoase cu tot ce ai de baza in camara sau frigider  fara a mai cumpara alte ingrediente  poa .
nu uitai  dac obinei 2 potcoave de aur  vei fi nscrii la tombola de la sfritul concursului decoraiuni  un .
in cazul nefericit in care ati varsat lichid pe laptop va recomandam sa l inchideti imediat  sa l deconectati de .
 silviufoca nici eu nu tiu dac e adevrat n ceea ce privete asemnarea cu  gameofthrones  dar tiu ca pe acolo .
dac eti interesat de  marketing  asear a avut loc probabil cel mai epic webinar pe care l am inut pn acum  au .
pe data de 14 iunie 2019  mandatele aleilor locali din ar expir  astfel  ncepnd cu aceast dat  parlamentul .
se pare ca si francezii sunt ca noi   sunt bani pentru orice mai putin pentru restaurari de monumente  chiar daca a .
care este alternativa dac uniunea european sedestrm   .
 savagenamu give a review after ca sa stiu daca sa ma uit sho ca il am in lista de ceva vreme.
pe vremea lui ceac  dac voiai  bun de tipar  trebuia s nlocuieti n textul tu anumii termeni cu alii  acce .
fi un om simplu cu bun simt fi tu insuti chiar daca alti te vor judeca fa cea ce iti place  .
 iblndu trump offered the dems a deal for daca 3 times  they turned down 2 of them  amp  wouldn t even meet with him to .
bun dimineaa      paradoxul matinal   de ce aceia care se trezesc dimineaa tare vad un mare avantaj ca e linite  .
 realdonaldtrump round up all illegals and deport them  their daca kids should follow their parents .
varianta mea este legat de experiena ca trainer dac cineva nu gsete argumente pentru a m convinge c are drep .
declaraia 112  anaf 2019   versiune nou la pdf ul inteligent  corecie cam construcii  se depune d 112 rectific .
bun dimineaa   paradoxul matinal   de ce aceia care se trezesc dimineaa tare vad un mare avantaj ca e linite  .
nu stiti de cate ori am auzit melodia aia cu 1984  iti dai seama cat ar fi folosita in edituri cu tom daca l ar edita lumea.
deci melodia aia  daca stiti care e.
patak daa  daffy duck  prvi put na filmu 17  04  1937      porky s duck hunt   reija tex avery  animacija bob clam .
    .
dac vrei s obii un model deosebit cnd vopseti oule de pate  folosete erveele i colorani alimentari  urm .
daca preotul si a agatat roba de gardul bisericii  se considera o biserica cu garderoba .
 sirgolan  antijavre multe lucruri mari au fost cladite   de a lungul istoriei    momentele marete sunt un reper in ist .
 ricarascal  1n0v8  thechronicler03  jeffreyguterman  raynchk  realdonaldtrump he referring to schumer  trump came .
 n am vzut niciun episod din got  e noul  eu nici mcar nu am televizor   problema ta dac aa crezi tu c eti co .
avem conturi spotify free  de folosit in browser daca aveti pc disponibile si il puteti lasa sa mearga  va rog doar .
then today i had a consult with a young mother of 3 who s husband has been very abusive over the yrs and has threat .
dac mi cer scuze  iart m in pana mea.
e chiar grav daca tu zici ca iti fac concurenta  dar eu nici nu te observ pe strada.
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
daca si astea mai sunt glume       .
daca nu se poate cu guvernul ca e risc de puscarie  actiunea de daramare a justitiei se intoarce la deja celebra co .
 tanaruld  sirgolan esti nasol  fa pasi ca te injur  iar daca nu pricepi inseamna ca esti prost .
 no daca there are a lot of people who have friends and family members in the lgbtq community and other who don t  .
eu si  carina5park am lua nota 13 din 10 daca am avea asa ceva        .
 ricarascal  1n0v8  thechronicler03  jeffreyguterman  raynchk  realdonaldtrump no  it was bc republicans owned the .
 nu tiu dac polonezii au o apreciere deosebit pentru sud americani sau dac sunt convini c suntem muritori de .
   www        peing   .
bun dimineaa cu soare  de la 09 40 am fost on air la impact fm romania  cu oamenii tia minunai i plini de ene .
 mirelabuzoianu perfeciunea nate montri  i dac sunt cultivai  aceti montri devin sacri  aa se dezvolt d .
dac vrei s trieti mai mult de 90 de ani vinul te va ajuta nu mai puin   dozadesucces.
so proud     daca recipients continue to break stereotypes amidst ppls desire of wanting them to fail  resilience .
 toader a luat decizii importante care au contribuit la curarea justiiei  sunt oameni acum n psd nemulumii  n .
credem c ne dezvoltm doar dac nvm mereu cte ceva nou i cutm oameni care sunte deschii spre colaborare  .
traieste in asa fel incat daca cineva te ar vorbi de rau  nimeni nu l ar crede   citate  pozazilei  photooftheday .
dac vrei s schimbi lumea  ncepe prin a planta un copac  .
 fazilduygn bu videolarla neden su duyurusunda bulunmuyorsunuz     ciddi kant nk   daca bile aabilirsiniz.
 nishkak  bobbym62  mjgranger1  jali cat those are the ones you know about  kinda like the numbers they quote for d .
lumea asta a putea spune c este aproape corupt  o grmad de muni plutitori  i dac o ii tot nainte gseti .
eu sunt pinea vie care a cobort din cer  dac mnnc cineva din pinea aceasta va tri n veac  i pinea pe ca .
mine deschidem primul nostru magazin din jimbolia  jud  timi     dac avei drum  v ateptm pe str  timioarei n .
donald trump just isn t wily enough to reauthorise daca.
ce tie printele constantin necula despre incendiul de la notre dame  dac a rmas crucea  nseamn c frana      .
dac eti in love cu tehnologia  pasionat de gadget uri  vr  maini electrice i hibrid  roboi  drone i altele  t .
 adevarul cine vrea mercenar  pentru yankei  e poftit   daca crapati  va declaram eroi  .
orice local care se respect trebuie s aib i un website bine fcut    dac nc nu ai un website propriu unde s p .
11 elevi din vaslui  calificati la faza national a olimpiadei de biologie  dac era ceva de ru  distribuia toat .
dac oamenii vor sa te trag n jos asta nseamn c eti deasupra tuturor.
 maydaymindy9 if he is the nominee and we can take the senate and retain the house than i am all in for any dem  .
ne vedem ntr o sptmn la cluj  dac suntei din cluj  dac nu  ne vedem la iai  galai  ploieti  timioara  o .
 sandraforpres the brown ppl got daca  black ppl are the only ones that need up empty handed .
 chreqs daca nu face nimeni o glum sexuala m supr c am ateptri de la voi.
 triceanu  despre procesul lui dragnea  dac nu erau acolo civa jandarmi  era linaj public    corectnews .
  blocking points ai      nu     da dac gsesc      .
mereu am spus lucrurilor pe nume  tiu c pe unii i supr asta  iar alii pariau c nu voi rezista n romnia i .
pai s a dovedit o reteta eficace de strans fonduri    pentru un guvern stramtorat financiar  ar putea si ei sa strang .
 rachael emma 89  rocktheboatnews  amyrosecapetta  corimccarthy great giveaway  rachael  thanks for the chance  .
daca doriti sa inchiriati o masina buna in bacau  apelati cu incredere la noi  va putem surprinde in acest an cu ca .
fix 92     dar daca cred ce zice psd  de ce nu ar crede si mizeria asta  .
 sirgolan pi vezi c dac nu erau fondurile europene  clica ta pesedist ar fi suferit de dureri grave n 14 de mo .
contractele semnate n  guvernarepsd pentru proiecte realizate din fonduri europene au cunoscut o  cretere semnifi .
dac afl mitropolitul vladimir ci bani se doneaz pentru catedrala notre dame de paris  i d foc si la a noastr       skinshifter.
 ovidinbv bine i aa ru  era bine dac ar fi fost firm romneasc   dar  deh  noi am distrus  furat  vndut sau .
 surfingallthewa nseamn c nu te ai uitat la meci   dac era 1 5 nu se mira nici allegri.
sebastian burduja este un personaj  unul extrem de relaxat  cerebral  cursiv si sigur pe sine  are  insa  si stofa .
dispozitivele ct mai colorate  ct mai variate ca funcii i ct mai practice sunt cu siguran un punct de atrac .
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 16 2019 .
cu toii am trecut prin perioade stresante la un moment dat al vieii  ns statisticile despre cum stresul afectea .
 adamschiff hey what happened with the daca kids    you dems fixate on one thing then that gets shut down then you .
  iti zic daca te as imbratisa  .
dimineaa  la prnz i  dac se poate  chiar i la cin  iat de cte ori ne am dori s ne putem bucura de gustul .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti just like the sex bots on the .
constructor de pe autostrada transilvania  chemat la cnair   dac nu se mobilizeaz  reziliem contractul  .
dac nu lua foc  notre dame   nici pn azi nu tiai ce e.
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti they suspended your account b .
haha haha no border crisis claimed all the dems  we looooove illegals legal funds set up to protect them we love da .
dac parisul merit un minut de tcere  siria merit ca lumea ntreag s tac pentru totdeauna  .
tudorel  i dac pic dama noastr proast de pic .
psd ar putea s i retrag sprijinul politic viorici dncil dac refuz revocarea ministrului justiiei  .
ziua 109  17 aprilie 2019   dac ai neles legea atraciei universale  vei descoperi foarte multe lucruri legate de .
recent am lansat o noua piesa  daca nu ai ascultat o inca  o poti face acum  daca iti place ceea ce auzi  un share .
vin si cu schema  daca nu s a prins din prima ideea  .
 no daca  fairimmigration  kyma11 unable to verify this  mexico is not reliable  their well timed deportation annou .
 nobodyinco  akvawe66  spaceforcebravo  phil mckraken  alterhan  faihad  markkdinges  omgbecky123456  pwrcane1 .
 rokhanna i look forward to congress taking back its constitutional authority to amend immigration law and pass the .
thank you to congressman kevin brady of texas is a 3 year extension of daca .
justice dept  requests delay if daca injunction is issued  .
ghici ghicitoarea mea  ce poate sa fie broderia din fotografie  daca se ghiceste se lasa cu premiu  aveti timp fix .
din pcate  incidena bullyingului este din ce n ce mai mare i de la vrste din ce n ce mai mici  este adevrat .
dac joci la loto  i mai i ctigi  pctuiete .
cfr ar fi artat altfel  iuliu murean a anunat ce antrenor avea campioana acum dac ar mai fi fost n gruia  ant .
 sendthemback u s taxpayers can not educate all of central america   go home we have had enough of illegals and .
 ajplus public outrage  put pressure on trump concerning daca but i dont think it will work with this bc kushner a .
washingtonul ar putea retrage sudanul de pe lista statelor teroriste dac noul regim faceprogrese .
calcule .
first they cared about daca  until they didn t    then they cared about illegals   until they didn t    sounds like the .
 metallgurll  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i studied subliminal suggestion i .
no jfk  no 9 11  no pervert list  no fisa docs  no reveal on secret  inventions  no americans first  no deporting d .
chiar dac multe persoane nu sunt de acord cu aceast afirmaie  carbohidraii sunt ideali n diet  iar asta pentr .
dac v ai trezit  hai pe info hd  dac nu  trezii v i hai pe info hd  vorbim inediat despre  primulvot i despr .
 saurav9351  manishjha2091  repjayapal  speakerpelosi us is a land of integrity  amp  justice not just of opportunities .
o imagine construit pe principiul formei fr fond va fi distrus la cea mai mic problema reputational  dac ave .
a zis cineva c e uor s faci sport  nseamn c nu tie ce vorbete      la nceput este chiar greu  dar dac ai p .
house bill 72 would expand medicaid coverage to daca recipients and green card holders that are eligible        right n .
 fairimmigration  no daca  foxnews the only reason gavin newsom is in el salvador and guatemala is he wants to see .
 navyjax2  1n0v8  thechronicler03  jeffreyguterman  raynchk  realdonaldtrump he sent one to mango mussolini too  it .
statele unite i au manifestat mari deschiderea fa de scoaterea sudanului de pe lista statelor pe     .
.
 breenewsome which brown people are you referring to  he did a lot for daca .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       donotabandonrojava .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      maybe rich liberal .
alyssa milano joins linda sarsour for protest demanding daca amnesty .
 realjameswoods when daca attacks .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       video  sanders  t .
e ok si daca ne uitam prin curte dupa ce ne am zguduit de plns pentru frana i ne am dat cu capul de perei  dar .
 michluvstrump  no daca sending prayers  prayn4you .
daca te lasi cumparat  iti meriti soarta  .
 betty mrosales i wish journos members of other organizations will join this effort  this particular effort i want .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       video  sanders fu .
ha ha .
 taylorlynnrena daca wasnt revoked lmao he probably did a crime  just look at him  he looks uneducated  he probably got a dui or something .
ei spun c mi am dublat afacerea      asa o fi   daca i si acord timpul necesar zic    multumesc forever    multumesc v .
        peing   .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      as sanders 2020 ca .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti now you are just throwing out con .
astzi voi s te salut  s te ntreb ce mai faci  care i sunt planurile i totodat s tiu dac eti bine  nimic .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      dem elites trying .
 eastcodiesel  congema  byteme1944  tenntom4  tru kells  markyoungtruth  aoc  kellyannepolls  potus you know that m .
 jinnotjim daca brother  .
 ruggiere l  no daca you make too much sense would you run for office .
if you re part of daca   please follow me and let me follow you  i want to meet and grow with as many of you  mi fa .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      lou dobbs  politi .
 but we don t need to end incentive programs  and a physical barrier  similar to mexico s southern border        foh .
 metalmk68  russdzl  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  cher wide open unregulated borders is an ignorant st .
congratulations to my friend  javier hernandez  who became the first daca recipient to be admitted to the oklahoma .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      glenn beck says fr .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      right wing persona .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      the right is sprea .
 lindseypelas im marrying a daca recipient.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      glenn beck compare .
 bjcreigh  leeleeb50 they re transgender   they re hispanic immigrants    they re daca recipients   live in a blue state .
 provdcrumblover  misshellca  akvawe66  pwrcane1  rightside2beon  annableigh  evilbastard4  alshadowdancer .
 realjameswoods just daca kids doing what they do best .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  banks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       video  david brock sa .
 ingrahamangle    how many daca in prison .
 realmagasteve illegal immigration is unaffordable    illegal aliens  including obama s daca dreamers  must never .
ce parere ai despre casele ecologice   daca ti ai construi una maine cum ai vrea sa fie          .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      stop sanders dem .
check it out  i donated to  daca  renewal fund      via  gofundme.
like is castro perfect  no  hes kinda boring and probs neoliberal  but id rather listen to him talk about decrimi .
 jamersr13  jtrumptilian  dlindsey2  aug1405  patti sc60  rodhillis1  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7 .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls .
 joshuaanthonyp1  foxillinois reread the  eligible daca recipients and green card holders  line  bud .
tonight we honored  jinnotjim  the first daca recipient to become a rhodes scholar  new york city honors him not be .
our movement is a movement built on daca.
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
hey my  daca immigrant friends    make sure to travel alot this year   cause starting oct 1 2020 everyone traveling e .
 radicalgoats  rbreich no  they do not  give the gop their gd fence  and in exchange  put in portman s e verify bil .
 gw1stpotus no daca    .
 dlindsey2  galacticaactual  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7 .
 dlindsey2  galacticaactual  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7 .
 dlindsey2  galacticaactual  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7 .
 bouffantblessed im marrying a daca recipient .
sound off  do you think medicaid coverage should be expanded to eligible daca recipients and green card holders       .
 cher how many precious little illegal daca youth do you support and live with you .
trump has said already fix the laws get more judges case workers etc etc shit offered daca 3 more yrs to start lega .
 david j bier for eb5 investors  the 15  30 year wait for visa oversolds makes the children over age  and their chi .
tiai c    dac folosii un telefon mobil cu android s au un iphone  acum din setri putei folosi noua interfa .
 luisnaidenoff apoyo el cambio  pero sabes algo  voy a creer que transparentan la repblica el dia que desalojen de .
 hannahmartian34  joshmaasberg  nikkikxly  wsupullman  kxly4news you have a fair point  especially relating to othe .
 speakerpelosi tail between your legs huh  he offered you a deal included daca and border control and you wouldn t .
 thomasgries4  jaketapper and daca kids have been here so long  they are reproducing anchor babies   they get prive .
el vejete lavagna se rodea de gente muy honesta y transparente para el armado de su espacio y para la rosca poltic .
 wbroadus  jr duren  beautifulusaass  taralarosa  cher itd behoove you to know that referring to people as illega .
 meblanche0912 ce fain de tine  eu dac m trezesc   nu tot timpul adorm napoi.
dac i doreti un venit profitabil adugtor la salariul tau  nu ezita  contacteazama  .
 meblanche0912 aa  dac eu nu pot s dorm  cel puin tu s dormi.
daca  democrats against children of america  .
 patrickm55p  david j bier mr   for  eb5 investors  the 15  30 year wait for visa oversolds makes the children over .
daca  democrats against citizens of america  .
have you renewed your daca       does your daca expire within 5 6 months     if yes  we can help you fill out your daca a .
 corybooker respect for starting to want to fix the issues at the border instead of using it as a political footbal .
hey  potus  sounds like  democrats wants those  illegals  separated   amp  left in  cages  instead of their sanctuary c .
 trixywh  no daca  cbpsandiego that is why the last presidents left the border open  that is why local democrat gov .
wait i have to debate against daca  i cant breath i have to have rebuttals and a closing argument i cant.
 katrinapierson meanwhile       no wall  no deportation of 30mil criminals  still have daca  still have h1b  foreign .
she anti daca reform   tyleraugust wi  michiganhist  bonnierichforga  maryduvall3 sd .
bunch of crap this lawmakers should might as well give them their ass too .
 eastcodiesel  byteme1944  tenntom4  tru kells  markyoungtruth  aoc  kellyannepolls  potus i work with daca people  .
cci prin ndejde ne am mantuit  dar ndejdea  care se vede  nu mai e ndejde  cum ar ndjdui cineva ceea ce vede .
not today  satan not today  sweet baby  jesus please save us        realdonaldtrump cheats on  flotus twice  amp  he s godl .
o s se vorbeasc ca despre legende urbane  mamele o s spun poveti copiilor despre epe zeutul dac nu suntei .
 rbcansr taxes at all and use loopholes to do so  paying for illegals lazy  lol  where are you getting this from  b .
 emayfarris this  bindersab post from  monkeycageblog covers your basics with some cites to the most relevant resea .
 ruggiere l  no daca indeed and time is running out.
march 2018  trump fails to sign 25 billion  daca deal  his promise       deal was disrupted by  markmeadows  gop .
there is absolutely no difference between daca and the kids of legal immigrant when it comes to their wish when the .
 cynthiabeavin im marrying an angel or a daca recipient.
sound off  do you think medicaid coverage should be expanded to eligible daca recipients and green card holders       .
 abodon 5  yuwantokno1  trumpstrucker  lostandlovinit  merry hippie  chrisg409ubc  scarletstwin  bertj4411 .
 david j bier us politic wants to divide and rule  they country of birth discrimination in eb green card   dalca an .
bein un daca mented in the us really is shit yuhh.
 krassenstein  lschmelkin  speakerpelosi why doesnt  speakerpelosi and her useless dems allow funding for housing .
 areese76447656  senatedems  senschumer if you want a better future for your grandchildren  suggest you start suppo .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti dems are master criminals and .
i had an interesting exchange regarding this meme with folks on facebook today  i need some input here  obviously  .
the trump administration has separated more than 2 800 children from their parents crossing the border .
ruling by attorney general barr means thousands more migrants may wait months in detention      i thought congress made .
 ingrahamangle the numbers are piling up   democrats must come to the table  the president has offered them a deal .
dac suntei fani ai aromelor l erbolario   o sa fii foarte impresionai de gama 3 rosa     preferata mea   crema de .
 magagain 2020 all daca needs to be deported asap  imo  they  amp  their parents have been in america 15   20   yrs  amp  n .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
dup ce se ludau c sunt cu multe puncte peste psd  liberalii dau napoi  dac pnl va avea i o jumtate de proce .
rzvan cuc i d ordine premierului viorica dncil  dac nu iese oug  nu vom putea semna contractele  va trebui s .
 omgno2trump    platform     no wall   daca   no walmart  6 5b anl sub   no citizens untd   save usps   living wage   cap ceo pa .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 no daca  ruggiere l everything develops during gestation  right before birth the brain is active as the lungs star .
 steve vladeck the job security of life tenure is another difference  that said  i think the to doj in the commissi .
 banessa morales  cher hahaha she said she ll take one  one daca  which basically means they do everything american .
undocumented workers do contribute the economy   daca  msw52101 .
 cataliotomarco  anncoulter wow   really   as much as potus has accomplished  many of us supported him due to his t .
 lacampos  aoc  edmarkey the democrats have totally abandoned the two and a half million hungry homeless american w .
screenshots  cnn politics      touch   presssec         realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
 peacemaker71m  protvvocea cu irina rimes e mai interesant    ca sa stii    daca nu iti place nu te mai uita.
 renee schreiner  amperfectunion  artacevedo i bring up lying because there are ppl  amp  groups who coach ppl trying t .
 david j bier untill dalca   daca or people under tps program unite we will always get the short end of the stick  .
 prof treylawney yep  even the 40 million daca know how to milk the language barrier thing  they try to act like th .
 dbongino  michelleobama  also  8 years of  obama doing nothing allowing china to steamroll over us for 8 yrs  igno .
guest opinion  this is why umd s college democrats support empower maryland  .
 realjameswoods another obama daca beneficiary working hard on assimilating into the u s  society .
 senduckworth thank you  this is what happens when people dont have a f n clue about serving in the military and t .
republicans  democras   where are the policies that concern americans  healthcare  daca   amp  immigration reform  jobs .
im a junior majoring in biology  my goal is to help research new medicines to cure some of the worlds toughest d .
 mkgenest  canadian cousin no money for healthcare or daca or immigrants .
 markdice yeah  they want them  but just not too close to themselves   what hypocrites   same thing with the daca k .
 clthames5  ewarren f off not a troll    and he didn t get kicked out  daca recipient harminder saini enlisted in u .
 elisac usa  amperfectunion  artacevedo ok  so  there is no comparison  i dont know why you have this lying in y .
 antijavre dac speri ntr o autosesizare a porcinelor nesimite pltite pentru asta  te neli amarnic .
i wonder did anyone tell these immigrants on the border that the democrats sold them out with daca and they dont w .
 yankeeinthestix  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom  kamalaharris according to the law you ca .
there was a pleasure to legalize daca by new terror attack .
 sistercrow  sgourley2b  rosie medicare for all who want it  public option    single rate for healthcare before singl .
 shadesofbluean1  drewdenby  fwdus why are you comparing people with visas to people with daca .
have you seen our updated services   it s important the people that need us can find us      coimmigration .
 murraynewlands congress 116 should see your tweet    passing the blame  on border security sweeping past  potus acts .
 beeadeplorable  gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump democrats are gung ho illegal aliens and daca why dont let illegal .
tienes daca  entrate lo que debes saber sobre  daca  si tienes dudas  acrcate a tu consulado de mxico ms cerca .
id  942781323197820928  via  youtube no to daca   26 b to keep 2 m   no to this theft .
sua  washingtonul ar putea retrage sudanul de pe lista statelor   teroriste   dac noul regim face progrese    .
 jenni5262  jaketapper  jrpsaki  paulbegala  kevinmaddendc  chavezlinda  theleadcnn ok so vote for trump again   al .
 rogersrants  immigrantsmakeamericagreat  illegalimmigrants  immigrants  illegal  immigration  buildthewall .
we are all dreamers t shirt     buy here    resist  trump  wednesdaywisdom  daca .
 redwinggrips  usalovegod let s not forget daca and the aca .
yeah  let more in      probably daca dreamers  .
 repdancrenshaw  critthinkinnv whats the plan dan  what has been presented to the dems  any movement on the right .
va rugam mult daca stiti ceva midicament pt infectie sa ne spuneti colegul nostru are o infectie de la craciun  s a .
the best daca are made in trump tower grill.
 kamalaharris if you and the rest of the congress together with the current administration would stop all of the no .
can someone share an updated list of what is required to renew daca  pretty sure i just found the accurate list on uscis .
cum te mbraci dac nu ai siluetslim  .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
send illegal aliens back across the border    enough is enough        send daca packing    enough is enough        build the da .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 lisabritton  ryanafournier  sengillibrand her rally in front of trump tower had only 150 people       list of speakers .
 smartbunny  maddawggolde  nltpanaiyst  thatmattbone  rob3rtbarathe0n  berniesanders the set aside 2 7 for gold sta .
 meetthepress  kasie you guys failed to mention that trump did offer immigration reform daca deal that .
 rasrivas89  newsweek 6        the whole country is moving left       recent liberal victories       nov  8  2018     a federal a .
 carmeninsd  cher  lwhaynes riiight   democrats refused to make a  5 billion budgetary concession in exchange for a .
 leanattorney  gopchairwoman  donaldjtrumpjr are u talking about this administration  or the obama administration t .
 dlindsey2  aw95nj  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy .
 beto2020  betoforamerica  betoforpresident  betoorourke  vapolitics  daca  climatechange  climatechangeisreal .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 msw52102  heretostay  tps  asylumseekers  daca  california  environment  zerotolerance  wildlife .
why can t we use daca weapons .
day 2 on the hill with  abts10        today we met with the rest of the maryland congressional delegation  advocating .
theyve done it to mexicans and daca kids multiple times   do these people still believe democrats care about them  .
ok how is it that you people want to invest in daca and dreamers and  illegal immigrants when you got people right .
 repadamschiff i dont recall trump asking to re write our constitution  i think youve got him mistaken with barack obama  daca  .
 bryanma18455275  jhsagittarius79  oliverdarcy  benshapiro thats not true at all  he has written eo  not to the sp .
no more daca    that was last years table .
i am proud to be  daca nothing was ever given to me  everything i am and have is from all the hard work  i am proud .
 staceyabrams  ados folks have noticed youve not spoken out on our position  but you down publicly with daca  .
culinary union is standing behind the  dreamandpromiseact because it will provide a permanent solution for ou .
mexican city bars caravan  says migrants are safety threat     via .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid  .
feds place 234 414 migrant children in all 50 states  via  breitbartnews    sanctuarycities .
ciro me manda audios que maana lo vaya a buscar al jardin con la kyra  con la correa porque se va a escapar     lo a .
 psnewsro ba nesimitule pariv i mitoman manipulator daca eti aa mecher s i demisia aa cum a fcut marele bsescu.
 rabbijill  realdonaldtrump we already has 500k homeless  6 million unemployed  800k illegal daca  usa is full .
 dlindsey2  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13  wblscott1 .
liberal   daca kids cannot pay for the sins of their parents  forefathers  liberal   reparations must be paid for t .
 clthames5  ewarren what daca groups were kicked out   sources please   names and dates .
 donnabrazile az under obama sent illegals to hi with one way tickets  you say go to congress  shows how wrong you .
 flowingfire  mizkit2 the dtrumpf regieme  sics  law enforcement on the poor unwanted desperate immigrant walking c .
 kamalaharris american  citizens  have been sleeping on our streets for years     where the  outrage  over that    .
go visit any emergency room in houston or dallas if you want to visualize the reality that texas is becoming a 3rd .
 dlindsey2  unstoppablemaga  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7 .
daca ai cei 7 ani de acasa inseamna ca tea facut mata prost cum sa ai cei 7 ani de acasa .
  yeontaetae  skskjs n ai vazut  iti zic in dms daca vrei.
 ro2019eu va dau in judecata dac mi mai punei gunoaie la u cu   eu votez alde    m urinez pe voi pe ua mea s .
juarez el paso metro logs 24 cartel homicides over weekend  via  breitbartnews .
 realdonaldtrump the democrats are possessed with the idea of getting revenge for hillary s loss they don t care wh .
dac vrei s schimbi o ar n bine  schimb n bine sistemul educativ interviu cu profesorul timiorean jorge go .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
dac tot nu putem s ne supram ca s a ntamplat o catastrof fiindca s altele mai importante nici n ar trebui s .
 ntn24zoom indocumentado es ilegal 2 se dice que esas caravanas son pagadas por soros 3 trump es el presidente de u .
daca femeia tace si nu te contrazice  inseamna ca ea nc doarme .
 ionutaxinescu  bibisez degeaba  dac orgasmul la n plus e din poziie clar de lab i tu l pui la calcul  ca pele .
daca as scrie vreodata o piesa de teatru feminist aceasta s ar numi drama femeii careia fiica sa il punea substant .
race amp politics amp aging  where do we go from here  hopeful because millennials  amp   genx get it  have to work together  s .
 radusmall gigi o sa zica maine  ca daca era fcsb ii batea pe astia.
the game of life  daca edition   snl  via  youtube.
 no daca  breitbartnews of course the president is to blame  dems blame the president for everything  my kids blame .
 realdonaldtrump  2      needless pr deaths  800k fed workers w o pay   daca youth   4 undermining amer institution .
noctis top looks gud on daca  .
manda  trebuie s decidem n comitetul executiv dac l mai susinem sau nu pe tudoreltoader  .
dac tot ma urmreti  ia de aici  .
bern is saying djt wants to harm the dacas  amp  won t offer a deal   that s a lie   trump did offer a great daca deal bett .
 nickkramarev  4dlsf was there a bill  i guess that s the essence of my question  after blotus did this       .
 jerrylmassey  stephsab13  foxmia1971  jsavite  repdancrenshaw and he was doing something   and no  trump isn t try .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 realdonaldtrump mr president  sanders accuses you of stopping the daca program   you offered them status in immigr .
 berniesanders last night of your fox town hall you said  realdonaldtrump said he was going to basically expel daca .
 mirelabuzoianu e o vorba care umbla pe net dar daca ti o spun te superi   .
 trvmoonchild la tine e deja alta poveste daca stai singura in alt oras  stiu ca esti capabila    .
 realdonaldtrump aside from continuing 373k daca amnesty  300k tps amnesty  this admin as issued 750k work permits .
 dlindsey2  patti sc60  rodhillis1  aug1405  usafvet18  juliereichwein1  heartofthelion7  warlorddaddy  jamersr13 .
 sensanders  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity i cant stand stupid slimey garbage  saying comprehensive immigration re .
 missamericanpie1   fol rt    patti sc60     dlindsey2    rodhillis1     aug1405     usafvet18    juliereichwein1 .
in regards to daca and or u visa status  the database could easily disqualify those approved  .
 bobitwt nu stiu daca o sa zica ceva     .
dac pit i manolas erau romni oare cum acionau   carte  personajenecunoscute.
 suzanne54837213  no daca that s disgusting .
 no daca  ruggiere l that is an option  we eat them  lol.
 ruggiere l  no daca pregnancy as punishment for an unwanted pregnancy will not work  teens have overloaded hormona .
 gop  realdonaldtrump dad daca  need help from repubsparty.
 bibisez  ionutaxinescu daca nu cer prea mult  si un buton via ionut axinescu ar fi de bun augur  sa nu mai stea mo .
oare ar investi dona cineva cateva sute de milioane de euro sa salveze albinele de la disparitie  nu ca as fi vreun .
and don t even get me started on daca   these people are petrified they ll be deported   ummmm  they re here illega .
triceanu schimb macazul i atac dur psd  dac vrei s gseti cuiva bube n cap  i le poi gsi    .
gic popescu a dat lovitura  dac i va iei planul  se va umple de bani  ce a pus la cale fostul fotbalist al naionalei   .
 btslug sjjs tre sa aud ca sa vad daca ai dreptate.
grava chestie daca asta e interogatoriu filmat la politie         sigur e cu violenta si amenintari in afara camerei si .
nu conteaz c eti fan barcelona  real madrid  bayern  juventus sau cimentul fieni  cnd joac ajax  tu  muritorul .
 albert42587347 daca nu produci nimic nu esti producator  .
what else     dreamers  amp  daca is in limbo   special ed funds cut   charter schools receive more funds while public sch .
our april  graduate schools issue dropped last week  we invite you to come take a look at features on  spain  daca .
 bibisez da  la urmtorul update o s fie  sunt multe update uri de fcut i dac se fac deodat  se bulesc chestii .
 no daca  breitbartnews interesting who is taking care of them   democrate orphanage of brainwashing.
 realdonaldtrump send all daca and illegal immigrants to their home country forever no exception even the ones obam .
 ionutaxinescu o mica sugestie daca nu e cu suparare  n ar strica sa se instaleze un ssl pe site  sa fie de bonton.
 jorgeramosnews  lopezobrador  ah como chingas pendejo  ya preocpate por los programas que estn desapareciendo da .
 ewarren did you stand with the daca troops who were kicked out  did you do anything to stop it       serious question .
 no daca  breitbartnews interesting   i m trying to figure out the reason for this   the muslims want the illegals .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile daca is  when the law protects the unlawful  loopholes .
 .
kako ode na face tv damira daca ibranovic novi imid  sajam graanica.
 no daca  breitbartnews this turbulence and confusion is nothing but a distraction technique to keep everyone s hea .
 no daca  breitbartnews more bad ideas we don t want to be housing or feeding people   1  draws more in 2  costs us .
 ignoramussteve  latimes the cities protect undocumented legal or not  they wont assist services like ice if a und .
la propuesta de trujillo es una combinacin de miedo al juicio de la historia con aspiraciones de la partidocracia  .
i just picked up my working permit  thank god for daca .
 dac ar exista ara protilor tu ai fi capitala    ce caui aici am crezut ca la zoo e nchis la ora asta    nu i mai .
 amen  thank you president  realdonaldtrump   amnesty  daca  finishthewall  migrantcaravan .
vorbeti cu un tip i vrei s tii   dac te place cu adevrat sau   trebuie s scapi de el .
 fairimmigration  no daca  dcexaminer the military has drone balloons that are stationary  that can see for many mi .
 panicboy  edkrassen  aoc they do  that s what i m saying     nothing is done to fix the problems     they re worried i .
modificrile codurilor penale ar urma s vin cu reduceri ale termenelor de prescripie  dac acestea vor intra n .
gemeni  negociaz cu uurin salariul dorit        afl dac i tu ai noroc la bani   gt   .
tocmai aceste fotografii au devenit n prezent adevrate comori  mai ales dac surprind persoane devenite faimoase gt  .
 elisac usa  amperfectunion  artacevedo i get that  but  are your family members running for their lives  are they .
 politico bullshit  what about daca kids that served  what about gay troops  what about trans troops  what about th .
 disco socialist my favorite example of this is cher threatening to house daca recipients then saying la needs to t .
 unitedwedream i need help to renew my daca it expires on august   .
cum s l faci pe crush s te plac     vorbeste ct mai des cu el    fii ct mai atent cu el    f l s zmbeasc cnd e .
 mamadzerka kad potri ika  meni suze krenu od smeha  ja u biti daca srpkinja   samo integralno  kakav sjajan kolektiv .
 maibinecaieri mda   dar tu nu ai locuit in tari straine fara sa ai prieteni      si cam am nevoie de ea daca mai fac cev .
dac nainte utilizatorii se foloseau de un mic truc pentru a activa dark mode  acuma facebook a lansat oficial ace .
many  daca recipients cannot afford to pay  495 to renew their work permit and protection from deportation       if you .
so  daca kids should not be punished for their parents ignorance but generations of americans should be held respon .
toi sportivii  cnd simt c nu mai pot      de fapt  mai pot puin  iar dac depeti acel puin chiar poi pui .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile not nearly as weird as to watch you on it    not that i would  e .
it was a perfect day for daca s annual golf classic  .
 victore64933334 nu prea neleg asemenea acuzaii  v a putea spune c  dac v ai dezbra de  rezist sau de opozi .
dac l a pclit i cu ce l a pclit e o chestiune pe care trebuie s o explice domnul dragnea atta ct a explic .
printele constantin necula  despre incendiul de la notre dame  dac a rmas crucea  nseamn c frana merge mai .
ce s faci dac iei o not proast     n primul rnd  nu fii trist  o not nu arat ct de deteapt este o persoan .
 fairimmigration  kyma11 send all daca and illegal immigrants to their home country forever no exception even the o .
dac eu nu dau mesaj  voi uitai de mine.
 soledadobrien except muslims  except minorities  except immigrants  except daca recipients    except women  except .
coaie daca ai reusit sa ma iubesti pe mine esti un fenomen.
gol ajax  dac iese ce trebuie  disear mergem la bairam la  interromania .
nimeni nu i ocupat      depinde doar ce numar esti pe lista de interese  gen daca nu ti raspunde il o doare in pl de tine.
 2pixelbutt  gop trump is cutting across all fed agencies for his wall as that is the most important thing to trump .
 timemindfulness follow the administrative procedures act process to unwind daca in a way a court will allow instea .
 shelton21660  cnn he likes nafta which took jobs to mexico  he supports green new deal  hes for single payor hc  .
daca esti depresiv pe bune  nu pui poze pe retele de socializare cu taieturi de pe net.
poti renunta la o cola    ai curajul sa refuzi luna asta o prejitura    te tine sa faci in ciuda nonvalorii    vrei ca ce .
 suzanne54837213  no daca parents need to tell children how to handle their bodies needs without intercourse  if co .
dac a fi fost ungur  m a fi gndit la naturalizarea lui neresz  c i aa nu va juca pentru brazilia  cred    valoare.
n am voie sa ies 2 zile consecutive in oras conform alor mei daca m am distrat o data n am voie toata luna.
 feministdubu nu e tocmai okay adica la ei sunt si mai multe accidente de masina  de ex un prieten de 16 ani americ .
printele constantin necula  despre incendiul de la notre dame     dac a rmas crucea  nseamn c frana merge mai .
dac s ar ntoarce dintre  cei drepi   stalin ar ctiga alegerile n rusia    nu  ruii nu sunt nici masochiti  ni .
 ruggiere l  no daca the dems are running out of steam  to insist on the presidents tax returns when we have a cont .
 ilhanmn its your side that has done that   btw    dems were in charge for 8 yrs   this was a problem then   remem .
 hotnews ro  victore64933334 mno  pai dac ar da bani pentru o secie de ari la vreun spital din romania  i ar pr .
fara legatura cu meciu da mereu nu e indeajuns de multa foccacia prea multe guri pentru 3 foccacia davadu in plm o .
la cnn vorbeste mostenitorul familiei arnault  antoine  cei care au donat 226 milioane de euro pt notre dame  luand .
 realdonaldtrump you had a real chance to get 25 billion over a year ago and you shot it down because of daca   how .
dac spun  tat de fat  ai neles tot  da  fiic mea e la beo  olimpiada de englez la oxford  da  tiu  mito  .
tariceanu  despre criticile la adresa lui toader  intotdeauna daca vrei sa i gasesti unuia bube in cap  ii potigasi .
locuitorii regiunii kaliningrad  chiar dac sunt ceteni ai rusiei  se simt mai degrab europeni i mai puin lega .
daca imi gaseste careva twitterul m am cam dus d acu.
nu tiu daca realizai ca am devenit atat de dependeni de telefon nct am uitat pana si de prini.
 ionutaxinescu cum iau legatura cu d l morar  daca e  ca am block    .
cum s scapi de couri     nu te machia    spal te mai des pe fa     folosete creme sau mti pentru fa    mnnc s .
600 de milioane  donaii pentru  notre dame        daca aude daniel  d foc la catedral .
 ciubotariu dan daca v ati detasa de psd ism poate ca i ati urma sfatul intru totul  parerea mea .
 tiptuesday              attorneygerardomenchaca  immigrationattorney  daca  immigration  satx  renewdaca  dreamers .
 gabrielgrosu taci  c tu eti cu favoriii azi  dac vrei cu it  e strict din plcere .
 krossfire aia e probabil franuzeasc  dac nu e marocan .
 n halul acesta a fost adus romnia  .
premierul viorica dncil nu rspunde dac l dorete schimbat din funcie pe ministrul justiiei  soarta acestuia .
pentru fanii manchester united  ai fi dispui s petrecei o noapte exclusiv amoroas cu  itmorar  dac asta ar ga .
 ancasandu mai sunt sim uri de date voce cu tarife mici oriunde  sunt reclame prin avioane  nu tiu dac de asta zici   .
my poster from lobby days 2019 inspired by pinterest image  undocumented  unafraid  msw52102  protectdreamers  daca .
 marcorubio daca people should be able to sue trump administration for rash treatment and inhumane destruction of l .
so democrats are against immigrants       they were just all talk and no action       remember daca .
 kerravon4  pplswar he voted against the dream act   which was similar to daca  but was part of the 2007 imm  bill .
liderul alde  dragnea  la un pas s fie linat public  dac nu erau acolo civajandarmi .
 ciubotariu dan daca plesu e lingau  paunescu  vadim  barbu ce au fost  si mai sunt multi altii  inainte sa l hulea .
there may be other immigration options that allow you to stay in the us legally besides  daca  ded  tps  find the p .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls   state politics    .
tariceanu  despre criticile la adresa lui toader  intotdeauna daca vrei sa i gasesti unuia bube in cap  ii poti gasi .
tariceanu  despre criticile la adresa lui toader  intotdeauna daca vrei sa i gasesti unuia bube in cap  ii poti gasi .
mamam  cat il iubesc ma jurr   chiar daca imi fute nervii il ador .
gemeni  negociaz cu uurin salariul dorit       afl dac i tu ai noroc la bani   gt   .
 joejackson1968 you are the one failing in keeping up  do tell us all how transporting diseased illegal aliens help .
 betoorourke affordable healthcare coverage for all americans is the number 1 issue for all americans   followed by .
toader venise la comisie invitat fara stirea lui iordache   care isi cere scuze pt aceasta balba organizatorica   .
 cqldspring  daca asa lucreaz creierul tau cand nu dormi can t wait to see its full potential.
andreea  de 22 de ani  i dedic timpul liber salvnd viei  i spun unitii de pompieri  acas  dac nu ai drag .
 kmkzro auuuu  si daca casa poporului arde vreodata   inseamna ca ne va arde buzunaruu nostru     moulin rouge sucursala bucuresti  .
 teoadi daca este un test printre alte 10  in acelasi articol este ok  poate vrei sa l incarci ziua cand esti la bi .
daca e mari e george simion    live hai cu  unirea    httpss   www facebook com george simion unire videos 267685407473923  app fbl.
 nayoxrepublik1  hesuslopezrojas  birgittill  feelfre30265794  jcanadellb vaya  con lo que me diverta con vuestros .
 woodstarke23  hodgetwins every word out of her mouth is to create discourse  another political bobblehead   like t .
 henry along  pjsarachman  sdmayorsoffice yes    we are    however   wethepeople r4 legal  immigration  amp  fair refor .
 redbaron7885  jrazzzzzzzz  donnabrazile  cher there were programs through daca  that allowed undocumented immigran .
 elcholaco ah est el toma y daca    hoy por ti y maana por mi   de estos fujiapristas   te encumbr hoy y maana .
 eciocu dac e pe aa  vreau s fiu respectat ca un biolog marin .
triceanu  despre criticile la adresa lui tudorel toader  dac vrei s i gseti unuia bube n cap  i poigsi .
   bonjour   cordialement   de   e   france   h  da  la g mi a dat h    hello   iuliaaa   just   know   let   my   numa    ok   please   queen   rea .
ma macina 2 intrebari  de ce te lauzi ca faci parte dintr o echipa daca ti e rusine sa te afisezi cu ea in poze  sa .
acestea sunt zodiile care vor ctiga bani frumoi nainte de pate     vezi dac te afli printre norocoi .
 joyfuiiness un kg nu il lua in calcul   ala se pune de dimineata pana seara mai ales daca bei apa .
 manekkii  antoniatxt  asterismss  aegyobbts doamneeee morrr la ce se astepta de la romani de ziua romaniei daca nu .
este sa te cunosti  sa te respecti si sa te iubesti pe tine wtf     4  cel mai important lucru este sa ti cunosti fru .
ochii mici  dar ai un par frumos sau ai un nas potrivit pentru fata ta  niciodata sa privesti partea goala a paharu .
 bills chick  frankprotwin  adampia it sucks but  iving in so cal i know quite a few illegals  and daca   i cant wr .
dac a rmas crucea  nseamn c frana merge mai departe  a fost mesajul preotului  .
triceanu despre tudorel toader  nu cred c nu a fcut treab  poate nu a fcut destul dup unii  ntotdeauna dac .
triceanu  nu cred c toader nu a fcut treab  poate nu a fcut destul dup unii  ntotdeauna dac vrei s i gse .
howdy mr  president  realdonaldtrump respectful reminder that undocumented people paid  27 2 billion this year in .
colocasia drajoneaza si imediat ce puii sunt suficient dezvoltati pot fi despartiti de planta mama  in plus de asta .
 arthurschwartz daca cancelled .
necesita informacin sobre ciudadana y migracin de los estados unidos  daca  y ms  tomen el tiempo ir a la sesi .
 jbrisenio411  nowthisnews trump wants to deport all daca so maybe you shouldn t support him.
eu nu pot sa stau asa si doar sa ma hahaiesc de cei mai defavorizati de soarta  suflet mare  ce sa fac      in alta o .
 replouiegohmert lets stay focused     daca.
cu lacrimi in ochi va rog pentru 2 minute sa ii acordati atentia cuvenita si macar sa ii cititi povestea  accesa .
 eti afar dac    .
do you need information on u s  citizenship  daca  and more  make plans to attend the informative immigration sessi .
cu lacrimi in ochi va rog pentru 2 minute sa ii acordati atentia cuvenita si macar sa ii cititi povestea  accesa .
clujenii au un film de prezentare oficial  timisoara  viitoarea capitala culturala a europei nu are  desi sunt mai .
cum s i dai seama dac relaia voastr va rezista n timp .
i m still upset that my irrelevant cousin  whom i ve never met before cuz daca  what s apped my dad to ask him for .
succesul n via depinde de cinste i de demnitate  dac nu le ai  e asigurat .
cic dac vrei s i gseti bube n cap   pi nu mai are  c le a scos  .
whos good at american government and wants to help me come up w a thesis statement on immigration reform that doesn .
  joshdunalien ok  deci dac a avea iphone poate m a spla.
chiar daca am avut o zi stresanta  cu multi kilometri parcursi pe jos degeaba deoarece nu am putut ajunge la locati .
 fairimmigration  katvnews  leandrabrnstein daca and illegals qualify for in state college tuition and can receive .
daca tot ai inspiratie pentru atatea drame  mcar fa te dramaturg.
 scottpresler  americanshomer potushas been in office for 2 yrs  now  he is the potusits time to put the blame .
ultima decad a adus multiple schimbri pentru bucureti  dac la finalul anilor 2000 capitala romniei era rareori .
educaia continu a romnilor trebuie s rmn una romneasc dac mai credem n menirea acestei republici numite .
buna seara tuturor  actiunea de mai jos are girul nostru  putem aduce multe zambete  impreuna  daca considerati ca .
daca este adevarata informatia conform careia kovesi ar fi ordonat distrugerea documentelor compromitatoare de la i .
 itslilyen   d  da  daca chika mo na lang sakin manliligaw mo para mabaliw ka.
 washingtonpost this coming from a woman whose husband is not a african american descendant of slaves but helped to .
dac mihai eminescu a fost patriot naionalist  noi de ce n am fi  .
 choerrybullets daca esti draguta     yes pls  3.
 itslilyen   d  da  daca hahahahahaha ayan ha  kalandeaaaaan.
 itslilyen   d  da  daca hahahahaha yaan mo yan  suuuuuus.
 itslilyen   d  da  daca happy ka ba talaga .
16 04 2019 ora 12 00  la judecatoria donduseni cheile de la viceu ceri la judecator  si ce judecati faceti doamna d .
dac avei posibilitatea     1  v rog s  complectai  aici o list cu pensiuni i stabilimente de luat  n calcul p .
 itslilyen   d  da  daca hahahahahahaha oy ginustoo ko .
 senkamalaharris if you don t like the laws   change the laws    your lack of action and years of a catch and relea .
 trump is broadcasting that anyone who makes it will be stuck on a bus and dropped off in a jurisdiction where the .
ce face radet  asigur apa cald i cldura     asigur  contai pe faptul c pe 19 iulie la ora 4 17 o s putei .
dragnea  la un pas de linaj  a fost salvat de jandarmi   ce spune triceanu despre drumul lui dragnea la instana .
 n am urmrit o cu ochiul ca s o msor  nu privesc n modul acesta niciodat o femeie  o privesc ns ntotdeauna c .
 lovenursingmery esto es un toma y daca  es normal que cada uno tenga que contar en su campo .
 baird sylbaird  gmandan007  overfiend1976  brookyinred  halperry  tribelaw they had 8 yrs under obama  which also .
health alert  read this  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
another reason 2 dump trump s  gop   condoning inciting violence or murder  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans .
 joyfuiiness nu stiu   dar nu te lua dupa cantar ci daca se  vede  uneori pierzi din grasime dar castigi in masa mu .
 itslilyen   d  da  daca hahahahaha lio.
potrivit art  1999 c  civ   dac prin lege nu se prevede altfel  n cazul transportului succesiv sau combinat  ac .
 mribelreal2 pues me parece de una grosera total q dice muy poco de ella  claro q  donde no hay  no hay donde saca .
im sure you can slam some real talk about how being a daca immigrant and almost getting deported because of the fu .
let us never forget that cher is insanely irrelevant to politics in any context  we shouldn t have cared when she e .
 itslilyen   d  da  daca hahahahaha.
 brettpransky  lynnsplace2018 another reason to dump trump s  gop  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
dac este adevrat  regret momentul cnd am fost botezat catolic    este inadmisibil ca biserica catolic s devin .
blindaje a los hermanitos  el toma y daca  as funcionan la componenda fuji apro  rabo de paja y se cuidan vergenz .
 mtelford cis  markskrikorian  realdonaldtrump  cis org for the same reason he didnt end daca  end anchor babies  .
 msw52102 dont let anyone tell you otherwise   taxday  undocumentedworkers  daca  tps  americandream .
dac nu poi s ii piept unei casierie de la finane  cum s ii piept unui stat ntreg  care dispune de mijloac .
sunt genu  de persoan care  dac se ceart cu cineva  st bonsumflat toat ziua .
scroafa gestant a intrat n travaliu  avea febr uria i credeau c va muri  se atepta s gseasc 4 5 purcei  .
lumin din lumin  toate pcatele se vor ierta  dac te vei poci  hula mpotriva lui dumnezeu nu se va       .
 pplswar ah  i got my facts mixed up  i m sorry   it wasn t daca i was thinking of  it was the 2007 immigration ref .
an army vets wife was killed by an iud  spouse and two children are still living he working  in pheonix after his w .
im talking to people like  daviddobrik a daca immigrant who can get 2 3 million views on a video in a matter of ho .
dac ai un copil rzvrtit  acest mesaj ar putea s i fie de ajutor    via  youtube.
along with federal and state updates  rights of immigrants  daca renewal and seu s legal aid program  and more resources on and off campus .
from family separation to  daca s termination   americasvoice has noted over a dozen instances where federal courts .
sunt acea persoan care dac se zgrie pe deget  se plnge la toat lumea ca i cum e pe moarte    .
just ran into a former student active with my department   cccatcalstatela at  calstatela  who happens to be undocu .
 gavinnewsom gavin the illegals put themselves in difficult and trying circumstances when they drag their children .
 the bill would allow legal immigrants in illinois via the deferred action for childhood arrivals program and on pe .
claudiu manda  trebuie s decidem n comitetul executiv dac l mai susinem sau nu pe tudorel toader .
triceanu  nu cred c tudorel toader nu a fcut treab  poate nu a fcut destul dup unii  ntotdeauna dac vrei s .
ba pletocia cum sa suferi dupa o fata daca teo parasit   dao incolo ma ca mai is si alte fete miii si mii de fete p .
iti dai seama ca daca erai fata ascultatoare si cuminte acum erai regina .
finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor babies  .
 pplswar let me rephrase  he didn t support daca .
daca vreti sa stiti despre cine e vorba  dm me  .
rtv  acestea sunt zodiile care vor ctiga bani frumoi nainte de pate    vezi dac te afli printre norocoi      .
here we go again     time to renew my daca.
                    dac un srut nu se termin cu o muctur pe buze  nu este un srut pentru mine                  .
daca sunteti prin torino  .
nevada promise scholarship s requirement that students to fill out the fafsa has emerged as a major barrier for und .
we matter     undocumented  unafraid  daca  tps .
any current donor to  repcindyaxne s campaign who also claims to care about  daca  amp   tps recipients in ia needs to .
 pplswar    while ignoring that he voted against daca .
 cqldspring  daca nu faceam that typo i swear.
 .
hiar dac are un program extrem de aglomerat  dar totodat este i preocupat de aspectul ei fizic  vica blochina a .
degeaba ai bff dac nu ai cele mai cringe poze cu ea el.
hablando de leyes is live      hablando de leyes   no tenemos los derechos del autor   i have no copyrights .
eleganta are clar un nume  milana se numeste  iar daca e pe negru lac  este pur si simplu formidabila .
 stevejaneski  j765scarn  cliff sims  donaldjtrumpjr  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump you still don t know how to get .
promo  ca s fie bine  ne vedem la 22 30  la prima tv  i dac suntei cumini i v uitai azi  mine v dm edii .
illinois lawmakers will vote later this spring on a bill that would allow daca recipients and immigrants with work .
 iamfridayjones hope the supreme court approves the question  we should know the   of non citizens in the u s  and .
ok lowkey namjoon ar fi cel mai bun parinte gen daca ai merge la spovedit nu te ar judeca de pacatele tale deloc si ar fi foarte kind.
infuriating  we should treat all dreamers equally  whether they have temporary daca or temporary student status or .
 ggforbes  thetinavasquez  ewarren then talk to your people cause we don t see y all trying to push the needle on a .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile  bernietownhall  freejulianassange  freechelseamanning .
funny how when your party had control of the house  white house and senate for two years  they didn t solve all the .
with support from both sides of the political spectrum   empower umd does not need to come with a political party a .
asculta cea mai noua piesa produsa de mine impreuna cu fratele click music  daca ti se pare tare  da i share si las .
v ai gndit vreodat ca romnia e singura tara n care dac strigi  boss  pe strada   se ntorc 80  din oameni .
 neamielualarau dac bag mna n buzunarul lui pandele  le mai construiete una nou.
customer centric marketing   dac tii despre ce e vorba  go and enjoy   dac nu tii  go find out   only one da .
 codrutbaciu  tennisfan2019ag complicat cnd se neleg doua persoane din sport i tu numa pe una o agreezi amu ce .
 welcome to colorful  colorado     coimmigration     immigration  immigrants  daca         .
then offer daca s that are able and willing to do construction work or would want to learn  a chance to go work alo .
 simona halep  fedcup esti alartista  simo  ce sa mai vorbim  asteptam cel putin 2 puncte de la tine  daca nu chiar .
maine voices  reform bill would allow daca recipients to give back to u s  .
ct mai rabd argeenii   e ancheta la spitalul curtea de arge dup ce un brbat a murit de frig pe camp n loc s .
 eastcodiesel  byteme1944  tenntom4  tru kells  markyoungtruth  aoc  kellyannepolls  potus he released families  an .
  potus remember ur campaign goals were to  build the wall  end chain migration  end the visa lottery  fix  daca  t .
 berniesanders   daca dreamact under following conditions only  1 immediate immigration asylum laws reform  2 secur .
 greta ok     last night  during fox news townhall w sanders  there were too many times that his facts were not c .
aceasta femeie si a batut sotul crunt  pentru ca nu i a raspuns cand l a intrebat daca este frumoasa  .
 ipostaze dei  dac bag niel mna n buzunar  cale de 3 4 500 de lei  se rezolv pe loc .
daca mergem in brasov sau cluj  ne asezam pe o banca langa catedrala biserica si bem o cafea sau citim o carte  bac .
dac pizzeria neobinuit poate  pot ieu   .
a doua  recomandare din saptamana filmelor romanesti  daca nu l ai vazut  it s a must        cameradegarda s07e02 .
n cazul comercializrii unui pachet de bunuri supuse att cotei reduse de tva  ct i cotei standard  dac nu se p .
se poate numi ca sunt antisocial daca nu am vazut niciun episod din game of thrones .
 daca unsuitable               .
 robertevoicu superb  cum naiba s vorbeasc de ru  dac o fac nu mai vd veci telefoane de test  se nchid singuri .
i love miller  i am all for closing our borders and start mass deportation of all illegals refugees visa overstays  .
 fnietomorales as como obama mando orden ejecutiva para implementar daca .
 tomselliott  berniesanders why do those daca kids always trump my kids who were born here  building housing on the .
 crowez45  nowthisnews daca  lol    let s look at the percentage of  daca recipients from african countries    hardly a .
congratulations to marissa molina  political science  14  who was appointed to the board of trustees for metropoli .
bunica mea  dumnezeu s o ierte dac are pentru ce  a fcut din ipsos  n casa pe care a ridicat o mpreun cu bunic .
fotbal  burleanu  euro 2020 nu este n pericol chiar dac cele trei stadioane nu se vorconstrui .
fotbal   burleanu    euro2020 nu este n pericol chiar dac cele trei stadioane nu se vor construi .
dac rspund greu  probabil dorm aa c nu m stresa  .
incendiu la notre dame  marea org este n pericol chiar dac a fost salvat .
said we have a  moral obligation  to uplift impoverished nations   humanized and legitimized asylum seekers  many o .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile i was soo pissed when mccallum amp    bahr when they let bernie slide .
ciamba  la conferina mas  dac marea britanie va prsi uniunea  devenim a asea ar ca mrime din ue .
rimele i poeziile sunt prezente peste tot n viaa copiilor  dac treci pe lng un grup de copii care se joac ve .
globulele albe sunt leucocitele  cele care protejeaz organismul de infecii  dac un microorganism  bacterie  viru .
tanara a fost arestata si va ajunge curand in fata judecatorilor .
ai vrea s te mrii cu mine   o ntreab charlie chaplin pe hetty kelly  pe care o cunotea de trei diminei i .
dac vrei s nvei cum s i gestionezi emoiile  cum s i structurezi discursul i cum s i dezvoli autenti .
 pablo iglesias  prefiero un daca to face  de dos en dos para no resguarnecerse en la multitud.
ministrul cuc avertizeaz  dac nu iese oug pe achiziii  nu vom putea semna contractele  va trebui s ateptmani .
 armavitusa  pobaldy  seankent  georgecarl1955 thanks  i appreciate the honest civil dialogue for once and btw i co .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls .
 brithume  dineshdsouza precisely how we know which media outlets are biased partisan hacks  why weren t they calli .
 neensca and   the problem is that under daca chain migration  millions more will come  this isnt just the dems  p .
 stirileprotv si daca isi pune tablou cu liviu dragnea  ce e .
casa lui brancusi n a ars ca notre dame  asa ca n are nimeni treaba sa dea tweet uri pentru ea  se darama in linist .
both  which if anything should tell us that beyond anyone s narrative  this is an issue that government tap dances .
 therocsworld  conceptualjames wait   you mean my  blm poster  daca support   metoo  gender pronouns on my email si .
preedintele federaiei romne de fotbal d asigurri  euro 2020 nu este n pericol chiar dac cele trei stadioane .
primarul mediaului va fi invitatul lui jimmy ionescu n studioul novatv  tema emisiunii  bugetul mediaului i inv .
mira  mashirafael te queda muy bien la cancin  los dos cogidos de la mano  cmo antes  regalandose un beso  en su .
meet the cast  adrianna xibille makes her stage debut as citlali valenzo  a daca recipient who is trying to make he .
 cyutiex heh daca .
dac plngem cu muci pentru frana  s alocm o lacrim i pentru romnia noastr i gloria ei de odinioar  romnia  i se stinge lumina  .
 engambament dac nu e doctori atunci nu e vorba despre ea  .
 foxnews that s too bad   daca is an  illegalexecutiveorder by  barackobama and  any law repugnant to the constitut .
 realdonaldtrump no wall  no deportations  no end to daca  no fulfilling your campaign promises .
vera jourova sustine ca situatia din romania este extrem de volatila si  daca aceasta tara nu raspunde corespunzato .
  nichoel i got the same thing   im marrying a daca recipient lol.
sun la o clinica pentru un rmn cu decontare prin casa de asigurari  ma roaga sa sun la sfarsitul lunii mai sa verif .
dac dorii sa viziinati .
chiar dac termometrele cu mercur au disprut de ceva vreme  este de neconceput o rubric meteo fr expresia  merc .
 reteta noua      scrumbia se poate pregati dietetic  la cuptor  fara fum  chiar si daca locuiti la bloc    reteta ac .
 e imposibil  doar daca e platita clauza   presedintele barcelonei a anuntat ce se intampla cu coutinho si daca rev .
now that is an  plan  that probably would work quite well   give the country a breather  amp  time to decide what to do .
si  au inceput romanii sa faca donaii pentru notre dame  da  nu anonime  ca degeaba faci daca nu te lauzi pe fb  c .
 teamtuesday and a look at a few photos from the team that attended yesterdays dfw drywall and acoustical contract .
ni beneficiarios de daca  ni alumnos indocumentados que no estn amparados por daca  pueden recibir ayuda federal p .
 dragospatraru dumnezeu nu se razbuna  dumnezeu e bun  dumnezeu s a gandit sa revigoreze turismul parisului   pentr .
senator mitch mcconnell  202 224 2541    502  582 6304   senator rand paul  202 224 4343       hr36    gerrymandering .
 presssec too bad trump couldn t do what he promised when he had the majority in both the congress  amp  senate   maybe .
 berniesanders another two faced bernie statement if donald trump believed in immigration reform      donald trump ha .
 eljijinews daca pleaca nu mai avem nevoie de scuturi  dupa cum arata lucrurile   .
 billm8192 did he  or are you repeating hossip  did you read anything  i suppose obama signing an illegal eo for da .
gen daca nu obtii atentie cu victimizare trebuie sa le arati cat de vinovata esti sau ce  .
 jbrisenio411  nowthisnews daca eligible residents earned  23 4 billion and paid  2 2 billion in federal taxes  and .
trump to end daca for undocumented immigrants  via  youtube.
preedintele federaiei romne de fotbal  rzvan burleanu  a declarat  mari  ntr  conferin de pres  c     .
.
 s dumitrache cat eram mic daca intrai 1 2 ori pe an in mcdonald era srbtoare  acum daca nu intri odat pe lun practic nu exiti .
 mezynski hope  senjeffmerkley not only that  but we ve had amnesty twice in the past 35 years  so how could we pos .
 .
 mohneaaa si eram prin oras zilele astea si era in spatele meu cu bercaru si a inceput sa comenteze ca nu aratam as .
asa motive     cum pot unii susine asa corupti si nenorocii  dac erau nevinovati  nu stteau asa cu frica nct .
 cbsmith2009  cbsnews yeah i know    but what meaningful laws has he authored that passed congress     no daca or i .
 david brock   amp   neera tanden  and the donor class have all but destroyed the democratic party  but they  remain co .
maine voices  reform bill would allow daca recipients to give back to u s   pressherald .
ministrul transporturilor  dac nu iese oug pe achiziii  nu vom putea semna contractele  va trebui s ateptm ani   .
 prinde l dac poigol marcat de adrian bedea n liga 2 dup o curs de 60 de metri    politehnicat  .
si vorba aia  amendarea dupa bunul plac  pentru a acoperii un deficit    suna dubios daca privesti asa lucrurile    e p .
listen to  hillaryclinton   experience  amp  strategy matter   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 it started with the fast and furious movies  i just really liked cars and thought they would be interesting to lea .
instead of working on a cruise with the fact that i m the one that s pushing daca and the other .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
asculta noua mea piesa  daca ti se pare tare  da i share si lasa mi un comentariu   instrumental  md beatz   producti .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
undocumented folks paid 27 2 billion in taxes yesterday       tps holders paid 1 5 billion       daca recipients paid 4 bil .
aside from continuing 373k daca amnesty  300k tps amnesty  this admin as issued 750k work permits to bogus asylees .
asculta noua mea piesa  daca ti se pare tare  da i share si lasa mi un comentariu      instrumental  muntean mada   pro .
psiholog romn dezvluie   cum tiu dac m iubete         eterna frmntare din cauza creia tot mai multe cupluri se .
sound humane rational unifying plans must b enacted  immigrationreform now  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans .
re doing nafta  re doing the aca  dadt  daca  abortion  pp  why america never progresses  con ervatives have to re  .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 essenviews  derekcressman the ignorant narcissistic fool will never resign  donthecon must b removed as unfit .
ce s ar intampla daca pamantul ar orbita in jurul a doi sori .
uber troll  david brock  is trending  because he s ramping up another right wing smear campaign  the only thing he  .
an immigration bill with funds for independent immigration judicial court funded with more judges and facilitators  .
daca la scoala nu ar mai trebui sa invatam si sa avem note as merge doar la scoala .
 trump  amp  his  republican friends  are you stupid  send  immigrants to ca  they ll move to  mississippi  to .
ofert special  dac rezervi un sejur n mauritius n perioada  6 mai   9 octombrie     hotel one  amp  only le saint .
condamnaii vor beneficia de eliberare condiionat dac execut jumtate din pedeaps .
 foxsportsbrasil cara o planeta terra sabe muito bem que  o palmerda no tem mundial nenhum  como tambm no  daca .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
cineva mi a trimis in miez de noapte un email in care ma anunta ca daca nu ma potolesc  va trebui sa iti incepi toa .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
usc safe place campus event open to daca tps lgbt religious amp mental health groups   april 18th  6 30 pm at ground zero .
alegeti profesionisti daca aveti nevoie de asistenta rutiera sau tractari auto    .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
cher  los angeles cant take care of its own  how can it take care of more immigrants  via .
truly secure the border   serve the warrants and have the clintons punished for child trafficing as well as govt char .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
immigrant living in country illegally arrested for rape of seven year old  via  cbs6 .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
health warning early signs live illnesssee ur dr  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
sunt att de obinuit s fiu singur nct dac am iubit uit de el pentru c nu mi vine s cred c el chiar exist     .
bernie s town hall last night really impressed me  he answered tough questions and showed a commitment to daca aged .
illegal alien accused of murdering texas man by running over him twice  via  breitbartnews .
reason 2  dumptrump  s  gop  freepress respect compassion unity culture morality  education  healthcare .
 sargeflucke  writeronni  joseiswriting  defineamerican  thedemocrats theres not enough blue collar success opport .
going to my administration is already its astonishing that has been strongly endorsed luther on daca far more new era of.
byd auto este una din firmele care au depus oferte pentru autobuzele electrice care vor fi achiziionate de ratbv  .
 dumptrump as failure divider incompetent unfit  25thamendmentnow  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
i go hard like defend  daca .
 presimmalliance  thenation for congress daca is more important    .
 politico or daca  gold star sibling  anyone whose family member has or is about to be deported  on and on     .
 michaelskolnik  berniesanders  berniesanders consistently un compromising  amp  ineffective look at bills introduced  amp  .
digi mobil te premiaz cu un televizor qled samsung 4k  telefoane galaxy s10 dac i activezi factura electronic .
dac i dau block nu nseamn c nu mai am nc 7 conturi n plus ca s vd ce pui la story n fiecare zi.
de ce a fost respins viorel tefan pentru funcia de membru al curii europene de conturi  ntrebat dac este sau n .
 pontifex  usccb  catholicpress remember fires in black churches from hate  amp  racism  notredamefire  aarp  blm .
think    he had 25 billion dollars on the table for his worthless wall  turned it down over daca  do you really thi .
iar m au pus ai mei sa le fac briose din omleta cu ardei gras si carnati  de data asta le am pus si ardei iute  au .
bring back morality compassion  amp  love denounce lies  amp  hate  unitedwestand  bbmdh  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
.
this in my humble opinion  imho video is a breath of fresh air  unitedwestand  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile breaking  federal appeals court rules against trump administrati .
 .
vor sa il rmne pn se face scpat  totul pentru ei   nimic pentru voi  dac era un om normal  sttea n pucrie .
retweet to save a college students life  many scholarships listed do not inquire about immigration status for my d .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
rezumatul zilei  l au adus nc o dat pe iordache de la ghena politic i a mai trecut o dat codul penal prin com .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
authoritarian trump regime twist laws 4 their own profits  middleclass must  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to publicly funded medicaid .
   sense to you  its probably because it doesnt make sense  daca recipients cant change their temporary protecti .
why we should dump trump s  gop  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
repeals     emissions standards   daca   landscape level planning   hunting ban arctic national wildlife refuge    transgende .
 bhm     fba  ados  tangibles2020      advocates want to open  nevada promise scholarship to undocumented students  who f .
hallelujah   supreme court protects children from religious extremists    flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2 .
  immigrants earned  1 5 trillion total income and paid  405 billion in taxes      daca dreamers earned  23 4 billion .
 authordavidsix  aramintagunter  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1 .
 kamalaharris we also need 2 investigate  amp  reform bribed judges inept prosecutors brutal unlawful  sheriffs  amp  .
daca nu va trimiteti poze cringe nu sunteti un cuplu.
thanks for joining us yesterday evening for the ackerman lecture with  unitedwedream s  crisalexjimenez    it was t .
ccr a declarat neconstituional prevederea din codul de procedur penal privind martorii ameninai  prin care co .
where is that awan computer  how do you use bleach bit  are you on that  sexshushfundlist  daca is unconstitutional .
 realdonaldtrump need to ocus on deporting all illegal aliens       start with the garbage daca    tps     flood ca .
 tocmai aceste fotografii au devenit n prezent adevrate comori  mai ales dac surprind pe .
 dumptrump  donthecon he will never learn2 govern he s senile  putinspuppet  amp puppet of  fakefoxnews owned by billio .
  shepz   theroot  staceyabrams abrams has been very vocal in her support for daca  amp  concern for dreamers  this is .
absolutely   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls .
 france  weareparis bless paris  unitedwestand for heritage compassion love  eu  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
 kurtschlichter the only people stoking hate is harris and her democratic colleagues   this speech is a perfect exa .
tii prietena aceea copilroas din grupul tu   cea cu zmbetul pn la urechi   mereu optimist i jucu  .
 no daca  codeofvets  breitbartnews  democratshateamerica and vets.
 bhm     fba  ados  tangibles2020      lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid  medicaid spend .
romnii ar face mai mult yoga dac nu le ar fi fric c atunci cnd se deschid chakrele te trage curentul .
  via  revkmkz.
vizita papei francisc la blaj  clasificat la nivel maxim din punct de vedere al riscurilor de securitate  tot ce t .
makereadinggreatagain   the making of a dream  how a group of young undocumented immigrants helped change what it mea .
 cnn  trump lies  people know it  petebuttigieg his lies feed the reality tv news media ratings thtre .
 strikersanchez  basedsavage   tc5x2112 daca nu is prieteni si nu ii fake ai de capu mei.
primeti un punct dac     .
sri cluj    daca mai simt o singura miscare    o sa repostez articolul sters de samsarii vostri      .
byd auto este una din firmele care au depus oferte pentru autobuzele electrice care vor fi achiziionate de ratbv  .
 dac nu se mobilizeaz  cu siguran vom trece la etapa urmtoare    amenin ministrul transporturilor  .
daca plangem cu muci pentru franta  de care imi pare foarte rau    s a pierdut o capodopera   alocati o lacrima si .
we re looking forward to it   see you there  .
 bibisez dac stabilim c interviul verbal nu i suficient  adevrul i c uneori cuvintele nu termin treaba .
 oanyyyy da  da  eventual scoatem si canapeaua aia neagra din piele  daca e   .
 dustpeachy  helioseokjin some daca students have lost full ride scholarships because of it   dont get me started o .
 charliekirk11  no daca  realcandaceo be careful candace  some are unhinged .
 leearlington  thehill the dems tell us we can t punish the daca kids for what their parents did       but the dems wan .
 dustpeachy  helioseokjin they pay higher interest rates   pay taxes   can t qualify to buy houses or cars unless t .
cristian niculae a stat de vorb cu luiza sabu  o fat plin de energie  tob de muzic i mereu n goan dup adr .
san francisco   read  new daily    daca social media newspaper via  twitter  socialnewscorp  .
anaf  dac vrei s aflai de popririle fiscale n timp real  nregistrati v n spv .
 chucktodd trump said his way or the highway  so full of it  he compromised on daca  as the first step towards a bo .
 justagirl515  repswalwell repeals     emissions standards   daca   landscape level planning   hunting ban arctic national .
 joshtpm  tpm what does this incident say about ice s discretion in immigration  republicans have been telling us f .
victor ciorbea  nu m am hotrt dac voi candida pentru un nou mandat   nu depinde numai de mine  dar atept s am .
tiai c uniunea european este singura zon din lume n care  cetenii sunt protejai de un set complet de .
dac ai vorbit mcar o dat n public i i au tremurat minile ori glasul  i au transpirat palmele ori te ai fs .
i have no respect for you if you do shit that you know will get you arrested knowing how big of a risk daca is  don .
 adriano qld dac l cumpra psg  era o tire  tria gicanu cteva milioane de ani cu banii   .
daca vrei sa fii la curent cu tot ce este la moda nu rata editia elle on tv  duminica  de la 14 30  la prima tv .
dac urmeaz s alegi nclminte nou pentru primvar  te poi inspira din aceste tendine interesante      .
 adriantoca q e d   daca mai era cumva nevoie .
 daca lib thanks  no problem  good luck .
 bibisez mi place s cred c dac m vor auzi cu ioi m vor considera de ai casei i m vor lsa s intru .
dac  doamne ferete  o s ard i simbolul nostru naional  palatul parlamentului  .
 tinamorphis  sensanders bernie said in the video that we need to provide legal status to those people  referring to the daca kids .
 sanctuarycities  this is all you    bordercrisis  daca  cherthewealth  amjoy  blacktwitter  cnn  gop  democrat .
idk id rather have daca in my country than white supremacists .
oricum daca eu as fi popular  sau nu  glume  memes despre moartea mea le as accepta pe bune  ca oamenii sa si amint .
 mmoroianu oamenii se spala  se primenesc i c sa mearg la biseric  aa s au ntmplat de a lungul timpului  i .
 daca lib thanks  janet .
 pollsofpolitics  kathleen364  realdonaldtrump if democrats won t end daca and dreamers build the wall and help mai .
hello  beauty  sunt oxana novacovici i te invit s ne vedem la bucureti n 8 mai         ce pierzi dac nu vii la .
atacuri dure lansate de preedintele klaus iohannis la adresa psd la festivitatea de premiere a     .
.
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
judectorii decid astzi  16 aprilie  dac i vor aresta .
 demhugh  soledadobrien i hear you  it s all awful  daca recipients .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
 stiri actualitate politica surse viorica dancila amenintata cu retragerea sprijinului politic de catre psd daca re .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
stop by for happy hour on thursday and support daca students  .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls view and comment here  .
klaus iohannis a lansat un nou atac la guvernarea psd  acuznd o pe sorina pintea c     .
the bill would allow legal immigrants in illinois via the deferred action for childhood arrivals program and on per .
the bill would allow legal immigrants in illinois via the deferred action for childhood arrivals program and on per .
.
i love it when the left talk about daca obama said his first 100 days they would fix it the dems had full control o .
 mircea marian si ce daca nu are avocat  a avut timp destul sa si angajeze unul    iata ca basescu are iar dereptat .
dac vei fi i tu unul dintre primii 2 840 de participani n campanie  un copac va fi plantat n cinstea ta i i .
cand nu stii daca  a face de toate  e de bine sau de rau       review  job  undelucram  romania .
 realdonaldtrump you have exposed the real democrats  the original party of white supremacist and the slave owners  .
 tomselliott  berniesanders trump offered them a path to citizenship for 1 8 million daca recipients  he pissed off .
 thomassshill  transworldbooks  robwhart  ella horne keeping an eye out for my copy  fingers crossed   .
i a promis unui tnr din chiinu c i aduce un mercedes din germania  a luat banii i    a disprut           brb .
dac cineva i greete  nu vei uita i ierta niciodat  odat ce ai fost trdat  ua spre inima ta va fi nchis .
smartree recruteaza agenti call center pentru clientul sau  telekom    daca esti in cautarea unei pozitii de entry le .
 ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump has tried twice now to grant amnesty to all daca citizens and reform our immigration    y .
i have never seen a thin person melting daca.
 lovebooksgroup  pacariuk  stormtrooper uk  jackiestockman.
si cum o s se numeasc ionfenosa din iunie        dac cei care au preluat nu au un nume      noul proprietar e doar u .
we must dump trump s  gop to preserve  amp  expand  middleclass  amp  american values  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm .
 ftlobooks great giveaway  ash  thanks for the chance  .
 realdonaldtrump dont speak   do  that is what obama did   daca  dapa   all kaka   send the illegals and cleanse the universities .
cutat de poliie  dac l cunoti  anun imediat oamenii legii  brbatul este bnuit de escrocherie   .
 goldiej7 first selection was im marrying an angel  ive already done that   second  im marrying a daca recipient   .
printele constantin necula  despre incendiul de la notre dame  dac a rmas crucea  nseamn c frana merge mai .
 hairmich42  cher no obama tried to open the flood gates  nothing but lip service   daca anyone.
 cher  lwhaynes    many of us were raised w  a version of treat others as youd like to be tre .
 berniesanders bernies answer to immigration   build more facilities to detain them in border towns  dems have the .
 hannahkatesmith congratulations  hannah  .
 ing ro  adddi17 sa inteleg mai bine  daca eu fac o plata in euro la un pos din franta  voi plati la cursul vostru .
tomorrow in the alumni lounge at 2 pm  join us for a conversation with student refugees as we explore strategies fo .
dac l ai recunoscut sesizeaz poliia  a primit 2600 de euro de la un tnr  dar l a tras pe sfoar .
 repjayapal  cnnsitroom  wolfblitzer he is trying to put them in a place that says they have open arms for these pe .
 cher as someone whose grown up listening to your music with my mom and how much she really loves you and your musi .
te ai ntrebat vreodat ce s ar ntmpla dac nu ar mai exista niciun copac  ar fi viaa ta cu ceva diferit  n c .
tii de ce e important s ai o atitudine pozitiv fa de copilul tu          pentru c un copil nregistreaz i imit .
 brickrock3 it was hyperbolye  there are agreements in principle until the details are worked out   if we give you .
dac te confruni cu diferite situaii dificile  n dezvoltarea ta fizic i emoional  vino la cel mai apropiat c .
 flogr0wn239  upstatemichael  edkrassen  hillreporter yeah   45 loves the military   except when it comes to his ow .
dac l ai recunoscut sesizeaz poliia  a primit 2600 de euro de la un tnr  dar l a tras pe sfoar .
i just delivered this letter from dan in baltimore  md  to  repsarbanes  mdpols  mdpolitics  daca .
surse dragnea vrea s o schimbe pe dncil dac guvernul nu va adopta oug ul cu modificari la codurile penale  tens .
minune de pati n cel mai srac sat din moldova  preotul nu percepe taxe pentru ritualuri bisericeti  cum pot s .
jumtate din pastori se tem c vor ofensa pe cineva dac predic despre subiecte .
cica ies trolli daca il inchid pe daddy   troll troll for the flannel safety .
printele constantin necula  despre incendiul de la notre dame  dac a rmas crucea  nseamn c frana merge mai .
 werstefadc  zombilau  jieuodibu nu stiu sigur care referendum legat de legile justitiei  credeam ca zici de europa .
adela popescu   dac ne cstoream dup primul an  m a plnge c s a schimbat mult  c am descoperit c sforie  c .
 awpmid  zombilau  jieuodibu la noi exista varianta  daca vreau da merg sa votez  daca vreau nu stau acasa frumos  .
erban nicolae a refuzat s spun dac ar accepta funcia de ministru al justiiei  menionnd     .
dac nu vezi  mi e team c nu mai putem fi prieteni         love  details  coffee .
este obligat persoana fizic s depun declaraia de venit dac a beneficiat i de pensie i de salariu  explicai .
 werstefadc  zombilau  jieuodibu cui dracu ii pasa daca exista sau nu bulangii   to an extend    asta din mai conte .
 oanyyyy nu stiu daca ii ajuta  sunt total pe langa cu sportul asta   daca era dupa mine ziceam ca e dopaj ziua in .
 undocumented immigrants are paying  taxes today  too    cnn          unitedwedream  aclu  hispaniccaucus  maldef .
 iarapioneli guria  compra no nmero de matrcula mesmo pwmsowksow   a ou tu pede a carteirinha do daca  que  no mo .
eh  dac vrem s ne lmurim asupra proporiilor reale ale dezastrului de la noi  ne uitm la postarea lui gelu via .
 awpmid  zombilau  jieuodibu dar tin cu adevarul si asta e un adevar juridic si constituational  dar preferam sa ne .
 werstefadc  zombilau  jieuodibu dude  acolo nu scria deloc cv de genu  vrei sa vezi 2 bulangii pe strada sau vrei .
liderul psd  liviu dragnea  intentioneaza sa o schimbe pe viorica dancila din functia de prim ministru daca guvernu .
is it not insulting for politicians media to cover  amp  discuss  daca  immigration being afforded  while ignoring the .
gen dac te mai iei de prietenele mele si de mine te facem afi gen.
sunt n oc  eu nu mi revin  dac tot ce se ntreab unii i alii de ce nu ne pas de cldirile noastre i au ale .
 petrutteodor  mircea marian dar dac magistraii oricum sunt corupi i cumprai  dup cum se tot insinueaz  de .
don t send them to bernie s  via  weaselzippers.
 adriano qld asta arat ct de rea proast este presa din romnia    bine    i cititorii ei    dac sta nc e bgat .
daca zici la 13 ani c nu mai eti virgin o sa ramai pn la 23.
 sirgolan daca era si la noi pentru monumente istorice era super ok   si sa faci dupa circuite turistice era si mai .
s queria ir pro daca .
zi neagr pentru frana  istoricul vlad nistor  dac plafonul a czut  nseamn c vitraliile nu mai exist   psnews .
dac nu suntem ateni  putem absorbi energiile care duneaz bunstrii noastre  ne permitem s devenim burei de n .
dac vrei s vezi cum e s lucrezi la veeam team romania  ai mai multe variante       poi s te uii la video ul de ma .
te ai intrebat vreodata ce poti face cu ideea care iti vine    in primul rand te gandesti ce ar zice lumea           c .
care este alternativa dac uniunea european se destrm  .
produse comercializate n condiii insalubre  animale i psri despre care nu tim cnd au fost sacrificate sau da .
 fergiedurgish  realjameswoods  jjauthor no  they didn t  daca isn t even a law  it s an executive branch memorandu .
daca apa este potabila de ce are gust de  fier si clor  miros  filtrul de purificare se inegreste la jumatate de an .
si daca porneste      .
 alien draft ca sa vedem daca chiar  rezista sau e bullshit .
 serokeva  irenebond1  theresa73471745  whitehouse  tigerwoods  realdonaldtrump unrelated  but trump deported  daca .
 itmorar dac dorii  la kaufland sunt mai multe produse din to go .
esp if the daca is a 20  male with no problems living with an old woman  huh  .
 tcisorin  alien draft dac altfel nu poti s i combai  te pliezi exact pe mentalitatea lor  eu zic sa caui argum .
 zombilau deci dac te prind la comicon de urechi te tri        .
fototapet luminos   noi va decoram casa       tot ce ne inconjoara are o culoare  un parfum sau un sunet  traim incon .
oh  well    dac te bai cu ursu   nu mai joci hochei .
 itskiiraa  in cazuri exceptionale de viol  de acord  dar sa fie demonstrat violul  nu ca vai doamne  m am dus la p .
daca iti doresti sanse mai mari sa fii sunat de un recrutor pentru jobul pentru care ti ai depus cv ul  acorda aten .
mpreun cu civa experi  nm a analizat  dac e posibil un asemenea scenariu i  de fapt  ce se ntmpl cu leul  .
 scottpresler  no daca is it any wonder  the democrates we have in office have only been obstructing anything that .
 g4mediaro daca era copilul meu  o tundeam eu direct in fata copiilor pe aceaste diriginta.
 tomselliott  berniesanders maybe the people in daca should have used the last 20 some years to get their citizensh .
am neles ca anul acesta mieii de pati o s fie scumpi  cred ca mai bine mi iau doi pui de dragoni  dac ii pui .
 zombilau  jieuodibu  zombilau i guess e usor sa te uiti in curtea vecinului si sa scuipi mizerie cand in a ta e ma .
ce idee fain  poi avea un copac plantat cu numele tu  pe care s l urmreti online  dac te nscrii pe .
 cher  lwhaynes i agree with you  but the dems and reps dont want to solve the immigration problems  for example d .
  mprietenete te cu urmritorii i ajut i cu like uri      poi chiar sa i ajui urmritorii cu contul lor      .
 gayalexjones asculta aici poponarule te bat in cuie i rup degetele daca mai vorbesti asa la mine bagamias pulan .
im good with flaws  we are all imperfect  honesty goes a very long way with  wethepeople we just need to be so str .
 flux24stiri nu  nici daca am fi cea mai mare tara din ue n am avea nimic de comentat  caci  am ajuns de unde am pl .
 b0gdan82 sa zici mersi dac chiar ajunge azi .
politic      zilele viorici dncil la palatul victoria sunt numrate      liderul psd  liviu    .
adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls .
nu am timp  nu m simt bine    sunt obosit   f i timp chiar dac n ai timp  f i timp pentru lucrurile care c .
dac marea britanie iese din ue  romnia va deveni a asea cea mai mare ar a uniunii  i astfel va avea un cuvn .
poi conta oricnd pe presa de sport din romnia s dea o conotaie negativ i celei mai nevinovate declaraii  gu .
blocul acum anun  de la parlament  ce decizie a luat vizavi de condiiile naintate de socialiti pentru creare .
dac azi nu ma pierd prin bucureti o s fie un miracol de la zeia firea.
 serokeva  theresa73471745  irenebond1  whitehouse  tigerwoods  realdonaldtrump why aren t  daca citizens   how man .
odd that bernie would say there is a problem at the border  odder still he says there will be a raise in taxes  odd .
dac nu ai apucat s vizitezi faimoasa catedral  trebuie s tii c ai pierdut cam 850 de ani de istorie    ntr o .
 serokeva  irenebond1  theresa73471745  whitehouse  tigerwoods  realdonaldtrump refugees and daca dont get to becom .
ce ar fi fost dac brladul ar fi avut mai mult de 3 strzi principale .
nu eti bun corporatist   dac nu haleti   insist     cu mutar i un puor      as mici de la obor    pampam .
 we the people have a right to  healthcare to keep  medicalcare from any american for any reason is .
cea mai mare greseala pe care o poate face gigi becali        daca e fraier  nu il pastreaza pe teja        gt  .
citii a treia parte din afacerea seven stars  dac suntei curioi s aflai ce i leag pe marian oprian i pe gh .
lucrurile marete se obtin incet  dar nu obtii nimic daca stai nemiscat     citate  pozazilei  photooftheday .
zi decisiv pentru clin popescu triceanu  preedintele senatului ar putea afla dac va fi urmrit penal de dna .
remember when my opponents were saying that daca is not being told that the fbi was determined to use it .
dispoziiile art  133 pct  2 c  proc  civ  prevd c exist conflict negativ de competen atunci cnd dou sau mai .
ct iei o pauz de cafea  i recomandm un articol despre stabilirea indicatorilor de performan n carier i n .
zi decisiv pentru cristina tarcea  efa naltei curi de casaie i justiie afl dac va fi sancionat disciplinar de csm   .
  senkamalaharris of  california co sponsors bill to allow illegals to work in congress  via .
tie cineva dac anul sta se amn crciunul de vine tefan hruc de pati .
eti brbat i ai ncrunit  foarte mito  crede m  un brbat grizonat e foarte interesant  nu  te  mai  vopsi  d .
conferina mas  ciamba  dac marea britanie va prsi uniunea  devenim a asea ar ca     .
maine voices  reform bill would allow daca recipients to give back to u s   pressherald .
 trinitymustache  codydeaconblues 1 2 no  that is not what he said  he spoke about comprehensive immigration reform .
faptul c n aprarea lui lazr au srit unii care n ar fi trebuit s sar arat nu o preferin politic  ci o com .
frumos spus     .
 i2kelo  intelcallofduty probably has daca.
n primul an de via al bebeluului  este normal s te ntrebi dac poriile de mncare i sunt suficiente i ct .
ministrul ciamba  la conferina mas despre strategiile de securitate  dac marea britanie .
cic e alert cu bomba la curtea de apel chiinu       interesant daca vor mai fi azi edine       am 2 dup prnz     .
 zi decisiv pentru triceanu   eful senatului ar putea afla dac va fi urmrit penal de dna   .
romania nu e pe calea cea buna  s a indepartat de procesul de reforme si a compromis lupta anticoruptie  iar vorbel .
julian assange e mai vulnerabil ca niciodat  chiar dac vrea s par erou     chestii      .
eu  ca cetatean al unei comune  pot atrage fonduri europe ca sa reabilitez si sa leg cu apa si canal o strada sau u .
hello guys  if you like to check my tik tok romania youtube channel you can find it here    .
 utvro  utvro va rog s anunai cnd ii vei da  eu nu deschid tv dect dac am motiv     boywithluv  bts twt   5 t .
s v luai parauta dac ieii  e vnt .
dac lupul i a mncat dumanul  nu nseamn ca lupul i a devenit prieten .
 bograma  neamielualarau  camilstoenescu  cosminchera oke  now mistery is  solved  mda  tiu ca ungerea prelungete .
parul lung al barbatilor    nu stiu daca si asta e o forma de protest  dar cred ca da  vizavi de regulile islamului   .
 saracarterdc  lindseygrahamsc the other narrative we have to change is as regards daca and dreamers that graham .
foo       59029628 daca 4308 b5c3 c24ad0ccbf05.
daca aveti o problema cu immigratie  va rugam sa ne sunati pe 0800 085 0890.
postrile unor colegi ncearc s m conving de faptul c  votul meu va bga orice corupt la pucrie  dac sprijin  frpenali.
daca aveti intrebari de streaming si va e jena sa intrebati aici direct  dati mi un mesaj .
 d  lt 3 nu femeie  nu conduce masina    caca m as  si pe astia nu i pun la colt organizatiile pentru drepturile omului  .
si acum asta i rasplatirea ce mi o dai     e tot att    daca moartea mea ti ajuta  vino  stringe m de git       10 15.
dac nu ieim mai repede din nenorocirea asta  ne vor trebui mai muli ani ca s ne reeducm copiii       relatarea a .
 jackpotul italian se ridic acum la un incredibil 136 7 milioane de euro  ai putea ctiga acest  premiu uimitor .
 feikyh1  mitr0  secret mongraal  its x8 stii ca daca o sa vada asta o sa iti iei block de la toti 3          .
dac e destul de la s plece  fii suficient de inteligenta ca s l lai s plece .
dac e destul de la s plece  fii suficient de inteligenta ca s l lai s plece .
parul meu a crescuti nu mai cadecu acest sampon tratament pe care l folosesc de cteva lunil recomand cu i .
how the kind of      cute as hell though they know the daca expires  if or get her off the presidency.
ai decis tu undeva ca daca nu e greu nu are valoare .
        peing   .
cum ar fi aratat romania daca ceausescu traia  .
 asculta melodii vesele    nu te mai gandi la lucrul care iti face rau    iesi afara cu prietenii    cere i ajutorul unei .
toate locurile pentru spectacolul din 21 aprilie au fost rezervate    dac nu mai poi ajunge te rugm s ne anuni p .
acum nu mai este necesar sa platii reparaia aproape ct preul telefonului  v putem ajuta sa economisii bani sc .
acestea sunt femeile cu care brbaii i nal cel mai des nevestele  dac eti soie i ai una n preajma casei .
nevast mea m tot ntreab dac tiu ceva de un nou serial  game of cojones .
daca simti ca iti urasti jobul  ar fi bine sa stii ca nu esti singura persoana  multe sunt persoanele care se gande .
lazar e cheia de bolta a arcului securist pe care se sprijina vidul politic de la cotroceni  .
e cineva interesat  de literatur tiinific  sociologie  antropologie  n domeniile educatie  familie  copilrie .
daca ramane rusia alaturi de siria  da  poate vreo 20  de ani     din experienta noastra a romanilor    1000 de milia .
ce pula mea zici indirect ca eu ma fut cu nush ce coleg cu mn de fata     gen eu chiar daca s cu spatele la tn tot te aud.
 daca crezi cu adevarat ca mediul inconjurator e mai putin important decat economia  atunci incearca sa ti tii resp .
din nou mergem la magazin cu traista plin de sticle i borcane goale  garania pe sticl revine la mod     v er .
a dar boala in voi ma    mare credinciosi sunteti    mai dai in plm de francezi    ca daca se intampla ceva in romania  n .
am scris pe  blog despre  copywriting  dou articole care pot fi folosite pentru dezvoltarea de  contentmarketing a .
trebuie s lucrm la infrastructura politica  dac vrem schimbare .
  babypinkjimin a fcut unu o schem cringey in fata mea in timp ce se uita direct n ochii mei dac era o groap acolo ma bgam.
i dai seama daca vom avea ambulana gunoiul  cum vezi un rnit hap n main .
e normal s par pitic  dac voi suntei uriai      .
 no daca  breitbartnews look at how twisted this woman is  when we all know the democrats are promoting a come on u .
 diac1987  reuters  johnwhitesides so did daca and an attempt at reform  have you heard what bernie has said for th .
modificrile codurilor penale ar urma s vin cu reduceri ale termenelor de prescripie  dac acestea vor intra n .
doamne fereste     cat de disperat este acest obolan  va rog sa deschidei ochii si sa vedeti ca asta a schimbat 3 .
la llorona  un fel de daca nu esti cuminte  te dau latigani  .
tu tii s i rspunzi   cum tiu dac m iubete       actualitatea online .
tu tii s i rspunzi  cum tiu dac m iubete   prin  actualitateaon.
tu tii s i rspunzi  cum tiu dac m iubete   prin  actualitateaon.
surse dragnea vrea s o schimbe pe dncil dac guvernul nu va adopta oug ul cu modificri la codurile penale  tens .
dac tot i njurm pe ruii de la petrotel lukoil i pe chinezii de la vega rompetrol de ce s i protejm pe austr .
gta vi ar avea dat de lansare i ar fi exclusiv playstation 5  pentru o lun  dac ai .
 senatordurbin  repbillfoster  repunderwood  nufeinbergmed unlike current 800k daca recipients since i didn t come .
prin intermediul acestuia  angajaii instanelor de judecat nregistreaz  pstreaz  redacteaz  repartizeaz  tr .
  acum civa ani  doctorul mi a spus c dac nu m las de but o s tmpesc      i de ce nu te ai lsat   .
surse dragnea vrea s o schimbe pe dncil dac guvernul nu va adopta oug ul cu modificari la codurile penale  tens .
 gavinnewsom um  you ran and accepted the ca governorship on open borders and free education and healthcare for all .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus a penalty wouldnt make sense  since they already pay over  500 to renew their da .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus i completely agree with you  but i do not agree with ending daca without giving c .
 soledadobrien or a daca child  or a illegal immigrant who was promised naturalization for going into the military  .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus nobody is cutting in line  if they had a choice  they would wait in line  their c .
 neroblank dac tot ai menionat  ai chef s joci azi .
 eatcarrotcake  drewdenby  fwdus i am okay with guest worker programs  but i know several legal immigrants  they ha .
uneori e bine ca moda s fie n alb i negru    mai ales dac n tendinele acestui an sunt dungile  bulinele sau car .
this  pos  sexualpredator must be removed after  trumpsimpeachment  they bought that seat  amp  put a hotheaded .
acum  suspensiile reglabile fk se pot achizitiona si in rate  sistemul de rate poate este oferit de raiffeisen bank .
incendiul de la notre dame nu a fost stins  nu se stie daca structura este stabila si daca pompierii pot continuam .
coala altfel la cugir  elevii de liceu au aflat de la jandarmii din alba ce risc dac comit fapte antisociale .
pinea cea de toate zilele   dac nu reueti s i aduni puterea dinuntrul tu spre a l iubi pe dumnezeu  atunci .
dac ieri dragnea era condamnat  se deschidea o cale ascuns  oricine s ar mai fi mpotrivit sistemului era amenin .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus daca recipients dont want to remain undocumented  they want to be american citiz .
ursc raguseala  daca am rcit puin si fac un live automat ragusesc  cum pot ntrii corzile vocale  deja devine enervant .
apropo de behitori de  dezvoltare personal  i alte ccaturi de genu        daca m as mai duce o data     nu  in niciun .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus and until today  it remains constitutional  you can pick and choose the pros and .
 brendakrufener done  sounds like a lovely book to read and review  thanks for the chance  brenda  .
 chizanul partea proasta e ca o sa fie cantitate sczut enorm si cei care aveau calitate e posibil sa fie limitai .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus the least we can do is provide them benefits they pay for  its criminal  inhuman .
 reallonestartx  drewdenby  fwdus daca specifically grants people who came to the united states as children  pass a .
 lista md este  platforma de promovare a companiilor care ofer cele mai noi modaliti de  promovare online     dac .
hi poppy i love this type of fiction  especially since it s funny  thanks for the chance   giveaway .
oh now shes concerned with our homeless vets  in 2017 she was going to stand up to the president and protect daca a .
dac tot zici c vine toamna  ce ar fi s ne delectm cu un ceai ce are multe beneficii  .
incendiul de la notre dame nu a fost stins  nu se stie daca structura este stabila si daca pompierii pot continua m .
 delia15jackie  carlos sacalul m astept ca charlie hebdo sa faca misto    daca nu  sint ipocriti .
 jonfavs it doesn t  notice how they aren t rounding up the  dangerous  people trump keeps yapping about  where are .
adica  daca n ajung la prima ora si mi sun colega de banca pe face time imi mai pune absenta .
s a hotart ca aban vatan  tatl rabiei naz   fetia care a murit ntr un mod suspect n faa casei sale din distr .
ntrebarea care ne frmnt pe toi  cum tiu dac miubete   .
ntrebarea care ne frmnt pe toi  cum tiu dac miubete   .
v ai tot luat de preafericitul dani c pune aur la catedrala neamului      mai le ardea catedrala francezilor aa us .
nu triesc boschetarii aa de ru dac au instagram  .
comisia juridic a senatului ar putea da mari un raport pe solicitarea dna de ncuviinare     .
.
dac ai vrsta ntre 12  14 ani  vino la biblioteca naional a republicii moldova  ca s participi la atelierul gr .
 realdonaldtrump do not let daca become citizens  more illegal immigrants are risking their lives  and american cit .
 realdonaldtrump illegal undocumented immigrants and daca  should take the jobs  careers and businesses of those de .
deport all illegal aliens  end daca       .
marea britanie are acum un nou termen limit  pn la 31 octombrie  pentru ieirea din uniunea european  dar elita .
daca dreptul la vot ar fi conditionat de 8 clase psd nu ar face nici 15   .
basescu   nu are rost sa mai stea  daca nu  ar fi responsabilitatea presedintelui ca  asigurand continuitatea conda .
 realdonaldtrump  there are over four million unemployed americans in the same age group  as those that are daca re .
only 15489 hours until the end of president trump s first term   daca  nixon  trumpcountdown.
incendios consecutivos en daca generan preocupacin por regulaciones y seguridad en bangladesh      camin para incendi .
get ready cher clooney nancy harris booker chuck rosie michael moore handler silverman kimmel streisand mylie katie .
psiholog romn dezvluie  cum tiu dac miubete   .
ce sa fac cu tine  sama iubesti atat vreau  si daca te iubesc deja   barisarduc  burcubiricik .
congratulations on the daca program and fight for a political wedge issue and turn the democratic platform .
dac eti travel enthusiast  i ai un pic de experien cu literele  you can now work closer to what you love   .
today i learned that the other girl in my physics program is also a daca recipient  we out here .
eu sunt o lady prin definiie si statutul meu nu imi da voie sa ma cobori la nivelul acesta  sunt mereu pe margine .
daca dragoste nu e   nimic nu e  cand ochii vorbesc cuvintele sant de prisos   elcinsangu  barisarduc  .
gata  steaua imshata e aici   spune mi daca iti place .
 irishgirl2love  magastorybook  breitbartnews roberto was on a wheelchair and i asked him a simple   yes or no  que .
  ce este pentru mine succesul      care sunt factorii care l determin  cum i n ce msur l pot acetia influena .
dac nu va vei pocai  vei muri venic pentru pcatele voastre    cere i azi iertare i ndurare domnului isus hristos .
declic lanseaz planul pentru alegeri  va reui doar dac ne strngem zeci de mii  ni te alturi joi  18 aprilie  o .
daca vrei sa afli ce au de spus cartile de tarot despre destinul tau  raspunde la intrebarea care iti va deslusi ac .
azi  din nou despre refolosire  fie c este vorba de cana de cafea  sticla pentru ap  dozatoarele pentru spunul l .
arhivele de partid pot astzi s evidenieze ct de apropiat a fost relaia dintre cei doi lideri i dac au comp .
cum stiu daca ma iubeste    este cea mai importanta intrebare si temere care apare mereu in cupluri  .
btut de soie pentru c nu i a rspuns atunci cnd aceasta l a ntrebat dac este frumoas .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 no daca  salty american  realdonaldtrump add  anyone entering the us illegally forfeits the right to apply for asy .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
dac nu stiai ce sa facei week end ul sta  acum tii  .
 dacanoineiubim  pitesti        astzi ora 20 00   sala palatului bucureti        stars4dreams   participnd la dac n .
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 15 2019 .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
please continue supporting our advocacy campaign fighting against the negative outcomes the wall will have on  daca .
acum  paul  colegul nostru din franta este ateu  nu crede in nimic  a fost prima data cand l am facut sa creada ca .
well deserved undocumented students in the state of new york will become eligible for state financial aid  fwdus .
recent am lansat o noua piesa  daca nu ai ascultat o inca  o poti face acum  daca iti place ceea ce auzi  un share .
daca ai langa tine un leu  e bine sa stii aceste lucruri .
daca ai langa tine un leu  e bine sa stii aceste lucruri .
dreamers in healthcare provide vital care to some of the nation s most vulnerable and oppressed groups  under curre .
nu cred c l deranjeaz foarte tare pe locuitorul din oradea sau cluj napoca faptul c administraiile locale de ac .
m am gandit daca sa postez sau nu imaginile  sunt facute cu telefonul si nu in cea mai buna lumina  apoi  e doar o .
 irlilaw  foxnews no amnesty  no daca .
this new bill would gut asylum laws  amp  make it harder for people with daca and tps to keep protections seeking asy .
dac nu vrei s recuperai primele 7 sezoane   .
 anctyl ok pai atunci cat are daca e masiva.
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls .
 nebunadupabts te cred dar nu ai cum sa nu   ca te prinde melodia daca si fiica mea o fredoneaz asa scump e.
 surfingallthewa  mircea marian    ham  ham ham     chiar crezi ca ma intereseaza parerile unora ca tine     cand .
 realdonaldtrump u r a failure  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 realdonaldtrump u r an idiot spewing anti american ideology  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
acel moment cnd auzi un bip n troleu i te ntinzi s vezi dac scrie  apropiai cardul  sau  control     .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
what an idiot bigly embarrassment to america  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
de ce drq imi zici ca te culci daca mai stai o ora activ a.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
faza incredibil care a devenit viral      gt  gt   .
 0 tax paying  corporations with greedy ceos goto hell   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
dc m am trezit la 6 30 daca eu mai puteam sa dorm cel putin 1 ora jumate.
 realdonaldtrump  gop  amp   maga go tohell  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
buna dimineata  as vrea sa ii transmit domnului ioan t morar  acest cras lipsit de tact  ca poate mai exista o teor .
 tedlieu your job is to serve your constituents  not to search archival news reports to push your propaganda agains .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump why let mx have any water .
 onanobag the  800 part    the daca renewal part .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       donotabandonrojava .
 nikkihaley call mitch mcconnell and convey this precise tweet to him  he s the obstructionist in the senate  as th .
activiti recreative care te ajut n meninerea greutii      dac doreti s pierzi n greutate  dar nu i place .
im bout to drop  800 tomorrow to renew my daca application to be able to work in the united states of america  mon .
ngduii v unii pe alii i  dac unul are s se plng de altul  iertai v unul pe altul  cum v a iertat hristo .
 delia15jackie extraordinar  de parca daca nu ar fi meme urile catedrala n ar fi ars  stai linistita  aia refac cat .
 alanl1983 ive talked with refugee families and daca siblings who had to decide who got to go first in applying fo .
hey  daca you guys support this racist enthusiastically  we warned you over again but you believed his crap .
hello  operator  this connection is bad      politics  daca  immigration  immigrants  tshirts  retweetplease.
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls   state politics    .
 zorro sam  kylegriffin1 i don t think this guy would qualify for daca  but not sure   sounds like he entered on his own as a teen .
remember when cher wanted to take in daca recipients  pfffffffttttt      fucking fraud  .
 cher cher you re such a hypocrite  that s exactly what trump has been saying all along that americans before illeg .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
 arristamartin  mtorrillo1  tomilahren i d like to ask that you do some basic research       here s a good source  .
only 15492 hours until the end of president trump s first term   goptaxscam  daca  trumpcountdown.
 garrettwojcik  grayknighted  chrisloesch  delaneytarr who got deported again  you are not talking about daca  trum .
 daca change my whole life im not just a so called dreamer im an  american just like anyone else whothis coun .
 marthamaccallum  bretbaier  foxnews  sensanders i was expecting more from respected and well prepared journalists .
 tomselliott  benshapiro  berniesanders daca recipients account for about 4  of all illegal immigrants        based on .
 speakerpelosi you have no power except to investigate and obstruct and that will cause you to lose the house  in o .
 imagine    dac lennon ar fi candidat la alegeri cu oferta din cntec  probabil c lumea s ar fi uitat la el ca la u .
 hskers62  ananavarro  petebuttigieg oh will that solve the immigration issues  will it set daca dreamers free .
 realjack  gilluna8 perhaps some day liberals will be careful what they wish for  every time trump accommodates the .
  govbillweld  hey bill  it s good for trump to get some competition  trump s repeatedly hinted at legalizing daca .
dac i doreti o bibliotec frumoas care s te reprezinte  te sftuiesc s apelezi la  chilipirul zilei  .
 piersmorgan because a wall is useless  i believe that illegal immigrants  aside from daca  should be cracked down .
 gopchairwoman  4djt2016  realdonaldtrump true   also true  the gop rnc is a feckless do nothing group on daca  imm .
 garrettwojcik  absit30682024  chrisloesch  delaneytarr if you are talking about daca you are wrong again  they won .
 kylegriffin1  maddow oh i wanted to hear his thoughts on immigration  daca  prison reform but yeah this was not a waste of time or anything.
 nikkihaley this was solved almost 2 years ago with a daca fix and tons of border security money   guess who blew it up   artofthenodeal.
doctorii avertizeaz  nu luai niciodat aceste pastile dac ai but cafea sau alcool .
 soledadobrien or if you are daca  from another country .
 tedlieu wld u be kind enough 2 list everything dt did 2 worsen the border situation in an oped  list everything de .
rejection of illegals by sanctuary cities  amp  states would be the ultimate betrayal by dems what happened to the libe .
 jessekellydc  for what its worth  ilhan omar is more honest than your congressman who claims he wants to cut spen .
 immigrants  immigrationreform  asylumseekers  daca  sanctuarycities  sanctuarystates  refugees  refugeeswelcome.
 thehill  flotus im sorry but her accent is worse than many who are being deported  and daca recipients  she was il .
is gettys burger a real place in dc or just another scandal myth like a republican president passing daca.
now playing    bloc feat  doddy si ela rose   daca tu ai pleca 1  mp3   listen here  .
 wseattlepete  realjoaquinv  jayinslee probably not true  i use history to illustrate this  in 2008 the democrats p .
 msnbc  maddow i also dont give 2 shits about chasten whatever that is  what about immigration  what about daca .
 daca  businessinsider  fbiwfo    gates  bezos  buffett have more wealth than half the us     .
 wishbumpycoulda    treyslay  draytontiffanie  sandydarity exactly  amp  they seem 2 esp feel comfy commenting on our i .
im thankful for the past 3 years of student senate  ive put my blood  sweat  and tears to push forward legislatio .
 soledadobrien  or daca .
 tomselliott  berniesanders trump discontinued daca but a judge overruled him  right .
 dalybeauty daca recipient  i should probably let my husband know  we ll need more beer .
 jayinslee and democrats are just using them like tools for political reasons not really helping them at all  look .
 daca  businessinsider    bernie sanders  bill gates  jeff bezos  warren buffett have       are .
 lindseygrahamsc no amnesty for daca or any illegal alien  no  deals  w the dems over things normal people know nee .
daca health care at sen ernst s constituent coffee .
 gop  marquezjesso no he is not trump hates latinos he called them rapists amp murderers he said ws mass murderers are .
 denisdeniz26 daca nu mai exista institutii capabile sa restabileasca ordinea si sa puna serviciile cu botul pe lab .
 tomselliott  benshapiro  berniesanders last time i checked  trump was the one who came up with a plan to give daca .
not to mention the  500 i already have to pay to renew my daca .
 sensanders you are aware that there was no constitutional authority for daca and even obama admitted that 22 times .
 tomselliott  benshapiro  berniesanders maybe i ve got this wrong   didn t darth trump offer to keep daca if they l .
 senatemajldr republicans have duped the american conservative but voters continue to ignore it    no health care    no .
 cala 1111  wginetta  blisstabitha  dougs1978  drew0388  peggyruppe  sandrakayward5  jimharris  midwestdawg .
 axl 100 francia es bastin de musulmanes en europa  yo espero rplicas y consecuencias de lo sucedido hoy  ser un .
 nicberardo no nico  no slo no es menos  para empezar tiene sangre    ya con eso le daca 1 km de ventaja   .
 aynrandpaulryan daca immigrants speak better english than  realdonaldtrump.
he s not exactly telling the truth on daca  trump may have ended it but the courts have blocked the action  .
 berniesanders cir sounds good  but it would raise the stick of increased border militarization and immigrant crimi .
 cher so  cher     how many daca or other illegals immigrants did you welcome into your home since sept of 2017  i .
all true    bernietownhall      democratic front runner   leads where no others dare to lead   positivity    policies .
 aoc aoc u r a really deep thinker  it is marketing  obama did exec order to daca kids legal status  sends message .
facepalming aside  how can they get it with weapons  but not dreamers       commit a crime  lose protected daca status  .
 chuckwoolery bernie sounds good  but i did not appreciate the evil jabs about potus   also   i did not appreciat .
any lenders out there that work with buyers with daca .
rachel campos daca next on  hannity i guess the 40 million illegal migrant invaders are not getting enough attentio .
it never ceases to amaze me when i see  dreamers and younger  latinos in general having such much entitlement  let .
 vmmacchi  alinebarros2  voanews describing asylum seekers as refugees  describing tps holders as refugees   saying d .
 hannity you must be hurting for guests tonight  i mean really   rachel campos duffy  the mother of all hens   seri .
honest government ad    julianassange   breaking  news    taxfree  panamapapers      ows  occupy  daca  maga  unions  .
 reincrownation  moredots2  hillaryclinton  gop wasnt daca illegal by 44 .
 mirianvarela11 there are so many issues that i am passionate about starting with daca  amp  tps affordable healthcare .
anybody else waiting for bernie to scream   you kids get off my lawn             bernie  should be government facilitie .
prinesa diana ar fi supravieuit accidentului dac ar fi luat o msur simpl de precauie  .
 ilhanmn the democrats are the ones who refuse to do immigrantion reform and the daca people said don t do it and pelosi didn t .
 parkermolloy they do stand with them   as long as they aren t   trans   daca immigrant   veteran   or pow      oh wait  lets not .
screenshots  newyork      don t let the first four paragraphs turn you away         realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc .
so my daca has been on point this time around  last time i renewed it 1  got  lost in the mail    2  every letter in .
 g gabriel5  corinthians joga com daa gabriel tmj.
justice reform  health care  lgbtq equality  daca  higher education  and reducing gun violence  .
 manny funes un salvadoreo en politica de ee uu  digno representante  gracias por luchar por las causas justas p .
if anyone is registered to the daca program just know that they are not sending letters in the mail anymore to remi .
 realdonaldtrump    watch out for the  lindseygrahamsc  amp   senatordurbin dream act which would cost americans  amp  lega .
democrats nearly 9 000 000 views on trump takes over daca i had been attacking us on a special broadcast when he lared unlawful.
 thehill  flotus what about those in the  lgbtq serving  do you stand with them too  do you stand with the daca mil .
 gop  marquezjesso why did he end daca  .
 immigrant households earned  1 5 trillion in total income and paid  405 billion in taxes in 2017        daca eligibl .
 berniesanders most of what you said is the  potus fault but it is really a lack of action by  congress of which yo .
to those who are under daca please do not forget to renew before the deadline.
 jeeezelouise  cher  lwhaynes free healthcare and school should be the standard for everyone  in the cities where i .
 idyllicliving  cher look at all them cute little daca kids lying around the pool  .
 aoc when are you going to do the work of the people  actually accomplish something  i dont know maybe fix immigra .
 realdonaldtrump  2      needless pr deaths  800k fed workers w o pay   daca youth   4 undermining amer institution .
 no daca  fairimmigration  dcexaminer  danielchaitin7 i am so happy about the recent drug busts at our border provi .
great job  montsetxaflcio on brave  daca panel at acc  humanizing the issue beyond immigrant youth  organizing  thr .
 gavinnewsom so if i get this right  sanctuary cities bad under a dumbass rump  but releasing a problem caused by s .
 commontexas  djlavoie we do letting them roam around texas is not the answer the dems had everything they wanted i .
 justluthien  repjerrynadler they all seem quite disagreeable to my american values  and in that short summary  don .
i want ice to do their jobs  i want our politicians to view illegal aliens like they view the opioid crisis  i don  .
nc nu e nimic gratuit    ce ar face oamenii dac   nu ar mai plti nimic         .
 chuckwoolery i wish someone good could interview him   bernie   we need comprehensive immigration reform      intervie .
 philippereines except if your trans   or daca who has volunteered   or a veteran   or a pow.
 juliet60098951  johnrut16443350  19kfish  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump .
 therightmelissa do you see a connection between illegals  amp  potential democrat voters       half of all unauthorized im .
 ntiheroa  no daca  fairimmigration  reuters  kristinacooke  yjtorbati  cher nice post .
 jljacobson  fshakir  berniesanders defended daca dreamer nationalization  wants more judges appointed  wants a com .
 sensanders       sanders brought up daca in trump attack  sanders  didn t he ask congress to give him a bill to sign  .
sanders brought up daca in trump attack  sanders  didn t he ask congress to give him a bill to sign  answer  yes  but you didn t .
i want ice to do their jobs  i want our politicians to view illegal aliens like they view the opioid crisis  i don  .
 soledadobrien except if youre a daca recipient  what a joke this administration and this woman truly is .
america first close our borders and start mass deportation of all illegals refugees visa overstays daca brats a .
 ashyldr  kapalm728  kylegriffin1 this did not happen n other admins   children were only separated if both parents .
buna ziua  dac sunt eu  sunt mari nieves ribes candel  sunt nieves  neus  aa cum m cheam partenerul meu david a .
 dikell3  ilhanmn then why didnt obama and the dems when they had a majority  he did daca  why not the whole refo .
 kellyannepolls  meetthepress  chucktodd 1  money for more asylum judge teams that are fair   2   daca  amp  tps safe fro .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
ivy shut the daca expires  if hillary or  now  oprah  id spend any peace my cereal in mgs it s seems.
trump offered dems a deal on daca and they refused  pelosi said trump was trying to  make america white again   tucker.
am plns cnd am vzut notre dame sfiat de flcri  aa cum a plnge dac   doamne  ferete   s ar ntmpla cev .
 kapalm728  kylegriffin1 this happened in previous administrations so it would be only in america  until congress f .
 mattskosh  mumbles181  realdonaldtrump  cher  potus  potus44  barackobama first of all  you either dont get how t .
 ruggiere l  no daca  fairimmigration  foxnews  bradford betz hit that nail on the head .
 orwellngoode what are you implying  i m a daca recipient and i do my taxes every year  even undocs without daca do .
 tomselliott  berniesanders he also said trump wont take care of daca  thats a flat out lie.
 no daca  fairimmigration so what kind of drugs is this woman on  how anyone can be so out of touch with a horrific .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
 no daca my lifes goal is not to see our presidents tax return .
well  well  well  looks like the dems arent telling the whole truth about daca   hot news .
 sensanders youre lying   our potus did not end daca   the courts determined that obamas executive order was unlawful .
hey  berniesanders the daca program oduma created was illegal  thats why  realdonaldtrump ended it  amp  left it to the courts .
when bernie sanders is asked  how do we care for all these desperate humans  bernie quickly switches from illegal i .
 whatsth61068280  no daca  fairimmigration  theamgreatness this is mexico s immigration problem  not guatemala  hon .
 cbpsandiego  no daca did this guy really think that he would get thru .
 cbp  no daca  txdps  usfws cha ching .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
 cbp  no daca nice job guys .
 cbp  no daca it does my heart good to see these folks in custody .
daca is constitutional  deal with ukip .
o mn sus dac e cineva prin preajm care cunoate un prieten care are vreo sor care lucreaz la huawei mobile  .
 no daca  sherylramsey20 a person have to hate our country or just be a fool to vote for a democrat .
 bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca     tcot.
 cbparizona  no daca  cbp but we do not need a wall and dems want everyone to enter america  it has been a busy wee .
 ajamie99  no daca  fairimmigration  theamgreatness they don t mind if the caravan keeps making it s way here    wh .
 tomselliott  redsteeze  berniesanders umm bernie  trump and reps offered daca  but dems turned him down .
but yet your president doesnt support daca  immigrants  when thats how you came to turtle island     the list goe .
prof  violeta chapin  runs  cololaw criminal    immigration defense clinic   amp  ag  phil weiser  pweiser kicking off .
and what a backstabbing and moron obstructionist establishment rino corey gardner liar and cheat is  anti trumper  .
daca dreamers are as american as it gets   give them a chance to contribute to this country  .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
 berniesanders you had the chance to take a deal on daca and tps  you voted no .
 no daca  breitbarttexas wouldn t it be easier not to let them in .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
bernie  should be government facilities for illegal aliens at border  falsely says trump ended daca .
 marthamaccallum  bretbaier  foxnews  sensanders i think that you and bret baier allowed sen sanders too many of h .
   microsoft ceo unveils  one microsoft  in broad        .
trump didn t elimate daca  he just wants the legislation that fixes it  not an executive order    must be bipartisan .
 tomselliott  berniesanders trump didn t end the daca program  it s still in force .
 sensanders on immigration  our  realdonaldtrump has put daca on the table at least 4 times  democrats said no  als .
 berniesanders then why didn t you support daca when you had the chance   why do we have to wait every 4 years for .
 pinklocoroco held daca hostage  fixed that for you .
 berniesanders you lost me at me at immigration  sorry but not sorry that you are championing daca and illegal alie .
 jchook  markdice  cher i think  democrats showed their hypocrisy  amp  pelosi stated her view the loudest by saying  .
 berniesanders bernie lied and said   illegal aliens enlisted in the military specifically  daca  people should be .
your one minute news digest  by don rae keep in mind when you hear democrats talk  they claim that daca youth shoul .
bernie trying to use daca being in the military  yes there are daca people in the military but only people with edu .
immigrant households paid  405 billion in taxes in 2017  daca eligible residents  2 2 billion in federal taxes   amp  n .
 aniversario170  mxicoennm       quenosetepase   eres daca    puedes seguir renovando tu permiso     si tienes dudas llama .
so bernie just said that trump killed the daca program  lies  trump offered twice as many daca people citizenship .
 jamierodr14  ernie plumley they hate our president trump and they know this invasion is hurting american citizens  .
never forget that trump offered daca amnesty for border wall funding   democrats votes no   bernietownhall   foxnews .
 bretbaierhis answers were awful and yall did not make right what he was lying about   horrible interview   trump o .
president trump attempted to give over a million daca recipients a pathway to citizenship  amp  democrats refuses to de .
 bretbaier  marthamaccallum    why have you not said trump offered daca for wall funding  your party turned it down b .
 senbernie  potus offered  dems  daca and they said no because they want free flowing immigrants coming in with dru .
 bretbaier  berniesanders  foxnews push back on him on immigration   trump offered them a fix on daca and dems refu .
 senbernie  potus offered  dems  daca and they said no because they want free flowing immigrants coming in with dru .
someone tell bernie   that less than 100  that is one hundred   of the  daca  recipients    again   less than 100   .
 senbernie worried about our president  amp  daca is your fault  youve been in congress forever  amp  never passed laws to .
 berniesanders another lie  daca was not eliminated by  realdonaldtrump  dems turned down and abandoned the  dacakids.
 berniesanders hasn t trump offered to make more daca kids legal  he wants more judges  your party keeps saying no  .
daca recipients do have a legal status  their legal status is  illegal immigrant  .
 bretbaier tell him obama set the expiration date on daca.
 marthamaccallum   obviously   berniesanders thinks the only immigration reform is his way or no way      daca is not .
bernie sanders  talks but says nothing  on immigration he wants change  but but gives no real answers    daca  its no .
 foxnews  bretbaier  bernie thinks trump ended daca  courts are still working on that   asylum needs to end  with a .
 marthamaccallum daca ran out   trump did not end it   it just ended as obama designed it  .
 berniesanders fuck daca  i don give a shit about daca  i care about america and americans   specialreport.
bernie  just before trump killed daca  he offered the left a deal to grant them legal status  they said no .
bernie we do not want illegals bum rushing our borders       trump offered daca and you all refused it.
martha keeps baiting about trump s  proposal  to send immigrants to sanctuary cities  bernie talks about the need f .
we need to have many more judges to expedite the asylum process  if you are fleeing violence  other countries shoul .
trump ended daca heres the real    why didnt ur party take care of daca when u had complete control 08 10           huh.
 debbideedoodah  lindaforamerica  berniesanders  barackobama if you like your daca  you can keep your daca  let me .
 berniesanders there s no way to vet each illegal immigrant adequately with the current influx of people  daca was .
 diamondandsilk correct him now on daca facts .
hey bernie daca was not legal  bernietownhall.
i don t know if you realize this or not bernie trump is come to the table and gave you daca and then he gave you pa .
a reminder on  taxday  in texas  young undocumented immigrants enrolled or immediately eligible for  daca status c .
 wilkowmajority  foxnews the government cant handle the va healthcare  how can can they manage healthcare for 360  .
 sugashopeee  bts twt daca nu intelegi nu vorbi  tu nu sti cum o mama sufera cind un copil sufera  si jimin a sufer .
 mircea marian gndire deplasat  dac  admind c aa a fost  sunt detaate dou doamne la un serviciu  iar ele n .
 lisamon67368400  cnn daca is immigrants whom were extremely young when they got to the usa  the professor studies .
cristina jimenez describes the controversy surrounding immigration as less about policy and more about politics .
time doj sues 18 states offer in state tuition for illegals against federal us code 1623  which states that anyone .
 ajairah1 well sister first of all there is no real we need to blame both sides of the discussion  considering the .
cher trashes democrats amp  8217  poor immigration decisions with stern message for california  .
trump says migrants to go to  sanctuary cities      via  newsmax .
 actifypress  carlark3 im not a single issue voter but a lot of people are and they dont get the same shit as thi .
free daca renewal clinic on april 23rd  financial assistance available        must rvsp    .
 mrerickmd dar daca serios   asta i tragic   .
   dacal aaaaa mt mt obrigada  daca   j est sendo mara e ser ainda mais delicinha pq estar aqui cmg mesma  to bomm .
 cnn  catherinecnn do you call yourself a journalist or are you just impersonating one     you scream when trump does .
seeing and hearing  undocumented stories    daca  dreamers  cunydreamers  dreamact .
close the border please there so of them and bad kids daca as well they took advantage of our law plesa.
 soledadobrien or daca .
corupi se mprumut bani ca s acopere ce au furat  i noi nu cerem o lege n care poporul s fie ntrebat    dac .
 teampelosi  u have a lot of gall saying trumps tweets endanger illhan  everything out of ur mouth says conservativ .
 cnn not only do undocumented immigrants pay taxes  they are less likely  almost guaranteed not  to get any kind of .
 the people who are closest to the pain are closest to the solutions   cristina jimenez    daca  dreamers  dreamact .
 1776stonewall but her little grandson wants to a brown skinned boy     she spend 10 hours standing congress about da .
 ntiheroa  no daca  fairimmigration  reuters  kristinacooke  yjtorbati  cher please no we re full  .
daca protests any more playing of the same old same old but believe that enchilada betting is appropriate with what .
 notyourpinata1  realdonaldtrump lol  daca gets free tuition  that s laughable .
 saracarterdc  toddstarnes obama  daca never gave them legal presence therefore the 18 states giving illegals in st .
obama  daca never gave them legal presence the 18 states giving illegals in state tuition are in violation of 8 u s .
 crisalexjimenez was a part of the historic campaign that lead to the passage of the deferred action for childhood arrivals  daca  .
as president i promise to round up every last illegal and daca immigrant to ever set foot on this nation    even thos .
nc unii tot ca noi  vedei m dac ai ars crile  emitei astfel de enormiti  .
 tm griff  no daca  potus who really cares .
 realcandaceo  no daca love the post  coyote urine  lol lol.
 polishprincessh  barracuda bella the 18 states giving in state tuition to   daca illegals are violating  8 u s c  .
dac omul ar avea opiunea s aleag ntre dou puteri  va alege pe cea care s l nul pedepseasc pentru stilul de .
 realcandaceo  no daca white  she said white  is that not raciest .
 tomfitton  no daca  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn i have to laugh at pelosi and her outrage at the president  i find .
our southern border  walking back and peace to our vote  but also known as well under assault on daca have a treasure is.
if your  daca expires before 2020       renew your daca now   renew your daca now   renew your daca now       heretostay .
dac preotul nu nelege nu nelege nici omul .
 education4libs  no daca de niro de nada lets call the whole thing off .
 sekusa1  no daca the dems defeated their own party and re elected trump in the blink of an eye .
 bbrandt 1960  no daca  breitbartnews there is more at risk than ebola  these people are not immunized at all   hep .
 aditeaca cu incendiile din california anu trecut pe spunea la aia ca daca greblau padurile nu ar avea probleme cu .
incearca sa devii cel mai tare surfer  stapaneste valurile  daca se opresc si faci pluta ca pe lac esti practic mort .
crem de rentinerire pentru picioarele uscate sau crpate  dac avei picioarele uscate sau crpate i ai folosit .
 no daca  fairimmigration  dcexaminer  danielchaitin7 i spoke with an rn that worked in obgyn  she told me that the .
 realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump does everify clear daca applicants  .
 lgeinzer  duaneball  charliekirk11  sebgorka taxpayers of america shell out on  155 billion per year for illegal a .
 mumbles181  realdonaldtrump  cher yes   but it s different dreamers were not asking for asylum  they are not homel .
 realsaavedra  no  hit  so hes basically admitting that they created sanctuary cities and promised daca to pan .
 no daca  fairimmigration  dcexaminer  danielchaitin7 .
maybe you know someone who would benefit from this upcoming  daca workshop  .
 metallgurll  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti throw sushi at them .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti old is good  the best are kept for last .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i ran my own business and worked .
 sirgolan  shotemall  jay flo92  kolat ca te inseli     jeghann a produs 7 case si cacalau  de la austrieci  iar .
imi pare rau ca esti slab fii tu daca vrei sa capeti putere si pune un scut transparent in fata ta ca sa vezi ce e .
 metallgurll  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti are they smart enough to do that .
 no daca  fairimmigration  dcexaminer  danielchaitin7 great picture of the wall    we ve had one like that about 20 .
a friend sent a pic of his audi to our groupchat of first gens  and i told him i was gonna snitch on him to fafsa  .
 narcisd mcar dac ar duce i alea la rang de arta  dar m tem c mnnc i cac tot prost .
 aruse1 naibi tie ce materiale foloseau la reabilitare tu franuzoaico     dar cert e un lucru  dac frana are ce .
 heatherjo47  no daca  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn excuse me but i am a degrees woman .
 senschumer  senatemajldr chucky  amp  pelosi turning down any chance of accepting anyone who wishes to come to america .
 speakerpelosi pelosi is turning down any chance of accepting anyone who wishes to come to america    just as she ref .
 petria daca se vrea un sfarsit al europei trebuie doar sa se spuna asta si imediat sunt tari care in secunda doi v .
5   daca would thwart in perpetuity the rights goals of making immigrants permanently non people according to us g .
 arthamdrachir  harrowdown2018  mrreginaldjames  realdonaldtrump daca is a program     every program has expenses   .
the issue facing the gop and trump up till now is that there wasnt an accrued population of migrants from a colore .
grainger nissan of beaufort   autos nuevos y seminuevos   poco crdito  tax id  daca  licencia extranjera  pasaporte y .
 nowthisnews  no daca how very sad  i first saw this with my sister .
 2pointofimpact  meetthepress  chucktodd  kellyannepolls time is a funny thing  this was after they had made their .
 tomfitton  no daca  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn pssst  nancy take the little bimbo aside and tell her to fade away  w .
viorel ploeteanu   un act de cultur devine nemuritor numai dac are n compoziia lui o parte din fiina creator .
no its a spending bill  daca has the day .
omul care a tiut totul  i   virgil mgureanu  dac au fost teroriti  au fost de ai notri  puteri strine i do .
they still put the ban into effect  the still discontinued daca and they still undermined healthcare .
 saltyconchy  pithyjoe  pbs  frontlinepbs youre such a terrible liberal     gt  do the paperwork     as for daca   2 yrs .
 bbrandt 1960  no daca  breitbartnews that was a sure thing to happen  we have not seen the worst however maybe the .
a  dreamer at  tamu asked  secpompeo what message he has for his community  pompeo says that the trump admin tried .
omul care a tiut totul  i   virgil mgureanu  dac au fost teroriti  au fost de ai notri  puteri strine i do .
cugetarea zilei 11 11 2018   cugetarea zilei 11 11 2018    scoala vietii asigura in primul rand coafura circumvolutiu .
 alexdisorder   esdemamador ah  andas al contra golpe  el toma y daca  se donde estudias we   cuidate la espalda  .
dac se dovedete c focul n a fost accident ci atentat ne pate un nou  iraq  vezi 9 11 la americani  .
a da o duma despre notre dame  a nu da o duma despre notre dame  stii  daca erau baieti  cereau cinspe mii si nu ma .
we want a clean  dreamact and  permanentstatus for  daca recipients and  dreamers  please sign our petition today a .
even if congress can t provide a permanent solution for  dreamers  there are long term solutions available for cert .
    dreamers impulsan desde  dallas un proyecto bipartidista sobre su futuro   beneficiarios de  daca y  tps esta .
eu catre bff    fa asta i prost nu se prinde ca mi place de el si ca citatele is pentru el    bff    fa  prost la pro .
ba  cum se strofoaca unii sa arate ca i doare n cur de incendiul de la notre dame    daca n ar fi nimeni inauntru si .
 based dragon 1  rambobiggs the only hordes breaking down doors are socialist  illegal ice agents who are violently .
video live dezbatere n plenul pe despre situaia statului de drept din romnia  vera jurova  situaia din romnia .
 liglycnsrvatari  salinas esq for the record  i prefer  undocumented  over  illegal   a human being  by mere existe .
pe bune daca pot gasi cuvinte  altele decat ce a scos labis  mananc si plang  mananc     notredame.
 rulefollower  nan4tjn  mark kawada  jordanfabian congress doesnt deny its a problem  the last immigration reform .
ue i sua privesc diferit procesul de pace israelo palestinian .
u just said last yr u were gonna take in daca pple    go fucking help your city   drop millions      build homeless she .
 no daca i will vote for the person not the party   at this point my person is trump   other positions  i d like to .
 realdonaldtrump you should carry out your wall construction with the military  cancel birthright citizenships  can .
tunnettu kuvasivusto listautuu tll viikolla wall streetille  sijoittajat odottavat tietoa uberista   sijoittaminen.
 no daca  breitbartnews now along the mexican boarder immigrants are needing to be screened for ebola  not only hav .
pericol iminent in inima parisului   exist riscul s cad clopotul  dac acesta cade  turnul se prbuete  sunt p .
ba daca credeti ca eu s misogin  stati sa mi vedeti prietenii mei cei mai buni.
frate  daca acum esti un perioada aia in care asculti doar cantareti d aia de care n au auzit nimeni  tre  sa incer .
 vigilante tina yes  but now there is a push to deport all immigrants rather than find a way to grant them citizens .
 no daca  breitbarttexas now we have to worry about immigrants bringing serious diseases into the country because t .
 realdonaldtrump i am sure all american citizens are wanting to know and see action regarding ending daca  ending t .
parlamentul european va organiza o sesiune extraordinar la bruxelles pentru a ratifica acordul brexitului dac     .
i received this photo today in my office  she is irma cruz  born in mexico in 1994  moved to the us in 2001  when s .
this is ridiculous  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca .
stomp out american greed demand  workers get bulk of fruits of their labours not ceo  wages  economy  flipthesenate .
finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor babies  .
 arthamdrachir  harrowdown2018  mrreginaldjames  realdonaldtrump youre altering the rules for how we have always c .
 no daca it didnt in 2016 and it wont in 2020 .
absolutely   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
screenshots  ijr      isn t this more evidence  realdonaldtrump  his family and his cabinet  are little more than a .
catedrala notre dame e lasata sa arda     true  fact   daca vroiau cu adevarat sa stopeze focul chemau elicopterele s .
live video  incendiu violent la notre dame  ministru  nu tim dac mai putem salva catedrala .
omg i finally renewed my daca everything is fine with my life now .
dac nu crezi n semne afla ca este sptmna mare la catolici iar catedrala a fost  un mare simbol   noapte bun  .
bucurie mare era daca ardea catedrala noastra .
 ad3nozin3fosfat ins ca e chiar o pers misto daca ade se indragosteste de ea    .
pompierii francezi i au exprimat ndoielile c focul devastator de la catedrala notre dame  cathdrale notre dame .
 stay positively love to know what a bot is  also your thoughts on daca  i will look up suite leaf .
 senfeinstein  i could see it in your eyes when barr was persecuted by your cohorts  you looked sad and knew it was .
 yazzzyray dac vorbeti de notre dame tiu i eu   .
sper ca macar un turist sa fi fost care prima data la notre dame  confruntat cu palalaia aia  o zis  de a draq  dac .
 no daca  db8y911 you have lost the american people     thedemocrats   speakerpelosi   chuckschumer   housedemocrats .
tell ne s senators to support the dream act of 2019 and secure act of 2019  urge them to provide daca youth  tps  a .
 no daca  stevedeaceshow  realdonaldtrump better yet  how long will it take trump to make a jackass of himself abou .
 adrianacostach5 daca mai traia amza cred ca o lua la palme   .
 dancrenshawtx that s false   trump tried to leverage daca last year too cut legal immigration like the dvl  family .
cu rbdare  consecven  drnicie  a creeat n mine lumin i adevr  puritate i simplitate  dac ele erau latent .
daca aud pe cineva ca da vina pe musulmani pt notre dame o sa le fut personal un pumn in nas.
 dcfodder  votolatino daca is an executive order put in place by the former president of this country  the permit t .
vedeti daca n o renuntat bohrert ala la slujba de procuror eu  s o suparat dzo   .
bode ctre ministrul anton  dac ai putea  ai politiza imegawattul  .
este timpul ca europa s se alture    .
 realdonaldtrump they are providing daca recipients tuition assistance making it so much harder for taxpayers.
 realjameswoods  realdonaldtrump we now know that democrats dont care about illegals immigrants  daca included  th .
 furtdecurent  itmorar ce n o sa inteleaga el e ca si daca se dovedeste a fi asa  tot o imbecilitate e sa achiesezi .
dac i pun o porecla  nseamn c eti important pentru mine    .
indiferent daca se va dovedi ca cele doua tragedii nu sunt in nici un fel conectate  efectul lor anticipez  ca va f .
 no daca no    maga     daniel.
  chuupiter mi a picat luceafarul si la simulare intr a 11 a si la bac  gj minister  singurul comentariu pe care i .
 msavaarmstrong  breitbartnews shes probably on the waiting list   remember there were a lot of celebrities on the .
unu din patru cupluri ajunge la divor  iar aproape jumtate dintre ei au i copii  arat statisticile .
spectacol pe patru roti la deta  runda de raliuri a fost spectaculoasa  chiar daca a plouat .
dac au trecut parizienii peste eliminarea dramatic n faa lui united  or s treac i peste asta .
nu stiu daca a avut cineva ideea de layout in timpul bacului cu capsuni dar o sa o folosesc oricum.
 jimi kendrix   votolatino daca is not legal  it means deferred action for childhood arrivals  your deportation has .
 rath 22 little concern from one whose former strategist blasted catholic church over criticism of daca decision    .
 breitbartnews cher said she was going to take in daca children  what happened .
trump le ddea sfaturi franujilor pe twitter  cic s vin cu un avion cistern  s arunce ap de sus  peste cated .
 whatsth61068280  no daca  potus agreed   if congress wants to see potus  returns  they should lead by example by r .
 no daca  fairimmigration  foxnews  bradford betz when they say no wall  no ban  they need to add  no brain  to their little signs .
daca iti doresti un buchet care sa rezista si sa il ai ca amintire iti propunem buchetul cu trandafir criogenat si .
 myemc36  annebronco03  lifesafeast  genmhayden  realdonaldtrump he did daca without congress .
 sharingourtruth um no  he offered citizenship to 800 000 daca recipients and the dems turned him down  you call th .
comisarul european vera jourova  ce va aciona cu toate mijloacele dac romnia nu rspunde n mod corespunztor   .
 senkisms32  ryanafournier i told you i only have 4 best friends  5 is too many  comprehension isnt your strong su .
 dcfodder  votolatino this shit is so cringey  i m a daca recipient  which does in fact make me a legal resident of .
 clotilde armand nu  clotilde  daca tot o ardem politically correct  hai sa mergem all the way    eu zic sa construia .
i dac liviu dragnea este nevinovat  i dac anna nicole smith s a mritat din dragoste cu miliardarul la btrn .
ai ochii verzi  poti seduce pe oricine  dar fardurile iti dubleaza instantaneu puterea de seducere    afla ce farduri .
sunt sigur c cretinismul va supravieui  chiar dac cretinii vor ajunge s se ascund n canalizri i tuneluri .
 ovidiuzara  mihaihristea 1 un atac terorist 2  un atac terorist  daca e sa ne luam dupa ce spui  .
ar trebui ca miercuri s fim ct mai muli   distribuie chiar dac nu eti din bucureti     mulumesc mult    te rog d .
 daca recipients  if you are eligible to apply for renewal  do so immediately  uscis is still accepting renewal app .
 daniela01443076 dac este mna criminal nu poate fi numit om.
 grapeboijoon ah fvdgshj i mean ofc ca nu i asa de mediatizat si daca ii ii in majoritatea cazurilor badly portraye .
daca e si o veste buna in dezastrul de la paris .
 alexandrubrade1  clotilde armand dac mine vreun psdist omoar n direct pe careva tu o s zici c mortu  e de vin .
 rafael25672620  nowthisnews  no daca .
 marcorubio marco s missal says  let s start with the part about bringing prisoners out of darkness  and  let s gue .
 stefihihi  pyr0phobia  ilegitimm daca vine de la un cunoscut da  lt 3.
 tm griff  no daca  potus sure why not    let s see them all.
 thagomize  cher .
the center for diversity and student leadership celebrated its first two years in keefe campus center on april 11  .
dragnea este distrus  ce i pregtete comisia european dac va scpa   .
omul asta investeste oleaca de timp inainte de a fi live     fa o si tu cand e live     inainte de a intra si tu in med .
omul asta investeste oleaca de timp inainte de a fi live     fa o si tu cand e live     inainte de a intra si tu in med .
sunt alturi de poporul francez  n suferina cultural prin care trece acum  chiar dac este un popor cu norme mor .
inainte de a intra si tu in meditatie       daca chiar ai inteles ceva  si ti place meditatie moca   da si tu un share .
dac tot s a aprins  despre catedral vorbesc  ateii au gsit motiv s le rd n nas credincioilor   unde e  m  d .
last day to sign up  dream project is hosting a week long leadership training for dreamers  daca or tps recipients  .
coming to college is my first time meeting daca recipients who come from all walks of life and im heartbroken to s .
 pithyjoe  jonhart123  pbs  frontlinepbs watch to find out in this case  but remember that daca dreamers can t fulf .
nisam gledala got i ne priam sa ljudima oko toga jer me realno boli uvo ko je gledao a ko ne  ja samo ekam da se .
 eljijinews doar dac doneaz sri ul  1  din profitul din afacerile lor .
 no daca no.
 nahbabynah you know that daca recipients have no other country that s more their own.
video live dezbatere n plenul pe despre situaia statului de drept din romnia  vera jurova  situaia din romnia .
daca rateaz locul doi  e un sezon complet ratat       .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump       oops     hey cowards  just some reading for your followers .
 no daca i wonder if the president has them blocked  morons .
 weareparis we mourn with you  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
mai stau un sfert de ora  chiar daca am incheiat discutia cu pulile cu altcineva  mai stau ma mai uit dupa greseli .
mcar d mai departe  dac nu te oboseti s paticipi  poate altora le pas  .
i dac mami i tati ncep s se poarte ciudat  aa  precum copiii   carte nou  lansare i .
 repgilcisneros  speakerpelosi but nothing got done   just argued  fought  obstructed  trashed trump   why dont yo .
notre dame cathedral ablaze  weareparis pray for paris  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
daca tot suntem in 15 aprilie    15 aprilie 1912  titanic .
a3 i a pierdut orice legitimitate s vorbeasc de aiud  pentru c unul din turntorii lui iulius filip  informator .
 annettegh86 thanks to that stupid bill he signed   not much he can do since he gave  local officials power to bloc .
 spaltedmaple1  sksskb  viper1jcm  johnjbrea  realdonaldtrump i think anyone that wants to serve should serve      as f .
 mindpollution3  reasonawareness  ianlstrain  rhonda harbison  gadawgfortrump  shopsmartresist  barkindavid .
 nowthisnews  no daca were paris  city fathers   amp  cath church hierarchy too cheap to upgrade fire suppression sys  .
 joniernst joni ernst killed our health caredaca kids deportedkilled our farmers deals that they already had with .
and who remembers how the liberals and democrats threw the daca under the bus   who is using who for political gain .
sesiune extraordinar n pe dac marea britanie va aproba brexitul pn n iulie   psnews .
i m a 31 year old  community college educated  black woman from wy         i m a socialist independent who supports dac .
i francezii vor spitale i nu catedrale    dac v ard bisericile  bi cre  tini    e clar c dumnezeu nu exist     .
n sptmna mare  cel mai important monument al religiei cretine e n flcri   tocmai am vzut cum s a prbuit .
e inca frig afara  o floricica in culori calde  infloreste de obicei primavara sau vara  dar florile pot aparea pri .
i dac pleac americanii  ce  la ce resurse avem ne facem un scurt anti rachet  .
te dai mare c esti deteapt dar dac te ntreb cine este mihai eminescu mi spui c e vecinul tu.
degeaba opreti drogurile la marea neagr dac o lai le marea sciatic s ia cuvntul n parlamentul european   .
 ados  meanwhile the country replace our american men with illegal immigrants cheap quick labor force     why in he .
horoscopul banilor  vezi daca o sa castigi la loto in 2019    gt  gt   .
bolile sunt de piatr  dar piatra se va calcina dac nu sting mai repede  la interior sunt bncile de lemn  plus o .
 realdonaldtrump you should have been building your wall  ending daca  and deporting huuuuge numbers of illegals by .
if obama could implement daca  why can t president trump send illegal aliens to sanctuary cities that are so compassionate .
 jonathancovey well  he supports the paris climate agreement  was against nafta  supports universal background chec .
no daca no islam .
 joaniereb  ilhanmn pelosi and schumer made it clear  they don t want it  just daca  since you are team pelosi  i a .
 notmypresident  trump  don t u know stealing  kids from  moms with  zerotolerance is morally wrong   republicans w .
alimentatia energetica   nu ai voie sa folosesti mancarea pe post de recompensa  daca esti multumit de ce nota ai l .
 adrianmihail90  vdancila pm 1  ti e  in loc de ti e  macar daca insultati inteligenta cuiva  scrieti corect      2  .
just what the hell have you got done    still won t fix daca or illegal immagration       you dam dem have done not .
ya renovaste tu daca  acrcate al consulado para obtener asesora legal gratuita o llama al nuevo nmero del ciam  .
being gay is morally wrong  no daca no islam no democrats  .
 cher you were the one that told them all to come and that you would welcome them with open arms  maybe a little re .
eti fraiera dac tu crezi ca o sa te combin cu crush .
 jay flo92  kolat ca pai ce s v fac motanu dac suntei pesediti  baca comuniti  baca i cu ruii  aa v t .
comisarul ue pe justiie  dac autoritile nu rspund corespunztor  comisia va aciona cu toate mijloacele .
 speakerpelosi why not work on immigration reform   the  potus willing previously to take care of daca which i disa .
 chefbudget  11thhour  msnbc  joycevance so i m guessing daca and the aca we re constitutional .
 lumpylizar  deb3921  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump no  it shouldn t be merit based    quotas should be incr d a path .
mai devreme      ce i pare  m  aa de ru  dac ardea casa poporului  i prea aa de ru      nu mi prea deloc  a .
 jimmystewart  realdonaldtrump he was willing to yield on daca in january   dems will resist at the expense of the american people .
video live dezbatere n plenul pe despre situaia statului de drept din romnia  vera jurova  situaia din romnia .
avertismentul comisiei europene  daca romania nu revine urgent pe calea reformelor  comisia va lua toate masurile p .
 sofarky cred ca cam atata era in visul ala daca stau sa ma gandesc  cam cat o rigla d aia mica.
 adriannormandc did any take in daca students  did cher     i find nothing on the web     the closest i came was this a .
donald j  trump  a permanent solution for daca recipients   sign the petition   via  change.
avertismentul comisiei europene  daca romania nu revine urgent pe calea reformelor  comisia va lua toate masurile p .
sorry  daca esti artist a  fara efectul wow  esti in esenta un fel de ratat   .
adrian porumboiu  propunere surpriz pentru craiova  .
cnd eram mic  visam s stau o lun n paris    viaa mi a acordat  din buci  o lun jumate    din timpul sta  cam 5 .
 brickrock3 the administration initially requested last spring  with the rest authorized over several years    the qu .
what does it mean to  stand on the right side of  salvation  history   read  cbsj   daca  amp  institutional solidarity .
no acu     daca tot ma iau de altii care fac prostii in trafic  corect ar fi sa ma pun si io la coltz un pic si sa .
 adrianneacu  mircea marian ti am mai zis ca numa sa injuri stii  daca ai vorbi si tu normal te ar mai lua lumea in .
 realdonaldtrump put on your little boy firemen s uniform and get over there  amp  put out fire  as u said   only i can .
donate today to help immigrant youth pay for their daca renewal   their futures matter and you have the power to ma .
argumentul lui pascal despre existena lui dumnezeu aplicat la jocurile de noroc      un pop trecea ntr o zi pe lng .
 briancheeek  lkwarcinski   travis2323  anniemargrock  ryanobles  maggienyt  berniesanders naturalization applies t .
 gmanc95castillo s account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy  learn more .
 speakerpelosi  you re the one using illegal immigrants as pawns   look at the daca kids     for someone who s been .
daca ramai repetent mergi le programa noua si e un cacat efectiv gen dai examen la 6 chestii si ai manual pana si l .
daca va plac jocurile care au un grad de dificultate ridicat   muzica anilor  30    40   nostalgia desenelor animat .
 bi sectual  sahluwal many of us feel this way  as a daca recipient  i have my permit on me at all times  to all my .
 thetinavasquez  allisonrfloyd if im wrong id love to know  most campaign websites of other candidates say things .
unele publicaii te vor cititor fidel  doar dac le dai bani  ce nseamn abonamentele de pres online .
read this comment  and sign the petition  this country was built on dreamers    no one is an immigrant on stolen la .
  taxseason  irs  daca  tps .
 daca decizia e a mea  nu o discut cu dl tariceanu  n am nevoie sa ma consult daca sa mi dau demisia sau nu  e o de .
dac pana mine la 9 nu tweetez nimic sunai la poliie.
 romanians  eastern gooner  tessadunlop ma ta still hates them  e vorba de generaia noua dac nu tii sa citeti in englez.
eram uda pe mana i am pus o pe controler i m am curentat    i acum nu o mai simt     dac pana mine nu mor nici .
 watcherreader  lucylovestrump  meghanryan1963 hopefully youll support the gold star families of daca military mem .
 jamilsmith  ewarren i want to hear about how the candidates plan to tackle the problem of     immigration  amp  what to .
 realdonaldtrump but they won t become another daca debacle  right  once they have their hearing or whatever   they .
i m just in love with these songs are sooo amazing   really i love my boys for releasing this album which is .
 gabrielluca88 popa ia foc  daca ii zic asta.
 no daca  potus can use the dems logic to legally request tax returns of those in congress  their spouses and their .
 cbparizona  no daca  cbp throw them all out  it takes one crazy person to show these people it is not safe for the .
 nicolaeapostu  oliabraguta  2nitzza dar dac din un cuplu unul a rspuns cu var 1 i altul cu var 4   if you know what i mean .
she absolutely cares nothing about the dreamers or they would have done something about solving the daca problem in .
faza incredibil care a devenit viral      gt  gt   .
cine o poate face pe craiova campioan        dac vine  cfr i fcsb s i ia adio de la titlu           gt  gt  gt  .
cher plans to house young illegal immigrants in her home  via  sheknows.
 senkamalaharris like daca recipients   .
dac nu m supori  spune mi n fa s tiu i eu c vrei s scapi de mine.
its time to renew my daca and im soo nervous.
emma watson a implinit azi 29 de ani     daca zic ca ma simt batran  sa nu dati cu parul  .
 .
 reasonawareness  wendytruong3  shopsmartresist  barkindavid  rhonda harbison  clintonserver  gram247  ericspahn1 .
yes  certain people with tps or daca can file for a green card based on their jobs  .
brigitte sft i florin pastram se cstoresc  chiar dac lumea nu a avut ncredere n relaia lor  se pare c cei .
 realdonaldtrump  trump not want gun control law and insult daca are see how many thousand of thousand chritans or .
 jungoo03995490  utvro i daca ne luam iar eap ca la your choice .
 realdonaldtrump  cher mr  president  please go back and read het daca comments .
 maga  trump2020  sanctuarystates  sanctuarycities  wwg1wga  bordercrisis  borderwall  immigration  immigrants .
 ilhanmn he tried to double daca  he wanted to streamline immigration for those here illegally to make it easier an .
salarii mai mari la transporturi  chiar dac autostrzile bat pasul pe loc   .
sunt indiferenta daca nu ma placi i tin usa deschis  da  cu matura ca nu ma ridic eu pentru tine.
 reasonawareness  mindpollution3  ianlstrain  rhonda harbison  gadawgfortrump  shopsmartresist  barkindavid .
via dac   cnt mi  iubito  live studio session   via  youtube.
s nu   vi se tulbure inima  avei credin n dumnezeu i avei credin n mine   n casa tatlui meu sunt multe .
 notyourpinata1  realdonaldtrump undocumented immigrants do not qualify for government benefits  daca is just not p .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti the new breed of dems are goi .
sinistraii din cmpu mare  verificai dac pltescimpozitele  .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti unfortunately these demonic d .
dac te gndeti c ai ceva timp liber i vrei s l foloseti ajutnd  am fcut o list cu posibiliti de volunta .
 realdonaldtrump not you   congress should do all these    stop  anchor babies   jus sanguini not jus soli    work visa s .
 thedevman1  shawng927  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump   like when trump tried to do  daca deal   amp  dems refused    amp  .
 blubuttafly16  talibkweli  blue12329910524  everagejacklyn  chad boogie it seems you love daca more than america o .
parlamentul european dezbate situaia statului de drept din romnia  comisarul european pe justiie  vera jurova  r .
etaj live  16  via dac  via  youtube.
 michellemalkin       faith leaders bragged they got trump to  delay  ending daca       anncoulter .
dac nu ai mai fost la noi  probabil c te ntrebi cu suntem  cum lucrm cu copiii i cum stau acetia 6 zile n ta .
 briancheeek  lkwarcinski   travis2323  anniemargrock  ryanobles  maggienyt  berniesanders bernie supports daca and .
 julioseroa  jorgeramosnews  epn yo veo muy positivo el toma y daca de  jorgeramosnews y  lopezobrador  porque fue .
este in regula daca in relatia voastra tu esti persoana cea care iubeste mai mult  care se ataseaza mai usor  care .
 how daca affected the mental health of undocumented young adults    daca  immigration .
 realdonaldtrump potus just offer the original daca as a settlement to fix the border once and for all  it ll remov .
 octansyoody  washingtonpost  realdonaldtrump  barackobama  senatemajldr i wish  speakerpelosi had worked with trum .
 danielmoisa10 ntrebarea este dac va mai fi un termen urmtor n urma deciziei ccr asupra completurilor specializ .
dac nu v uitai  ca i mine  la got  cutai pe amazon the marvelous mrs  maisel  o bijuterie  .
 rmconservative i thought trump was the solution to daca  illegal invasion  amp  anchor babies  how much longer before .
video live dezbatere n plenul pe despre situaia statului de drept din romnia  vera jurova  situaia din romnia .
daca statul paralel l va aresta pe dragnea ca 2 angajate majore si vaccinate nu s au dus la munc  va duce psd la 75  in sondaje .
 vinnimac88  realdonaldtrump yes   schumer offered  22 billion for the wall in exchange for daca   the president ag .
help undocumented immigrant youth       help  daca recipients pay for their  495 daca renewal fee today  .
 pe 26 mai votam daca ramanem o tara europeana sau decidem sa fim o tara de margine de europa  unde se schimba caii .
 juansaaa i suggest you stop saying you re undocumented  you are a daca recepient  you have documents  temporary on .
via dac    via dac   lun plin  via  youtube.
va rog si eu ceva  daca ma iubiti dati si voi un subscribe la fratele meu fido    .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti the law states that there must be .
 metallgurll  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti radical may be a nice definition  .
ce faci daca au fost efectuate tranzactii de pe cardul tau furat pierdut  .
 ericspahn1  reasonawareness  shopsmartresist  barkindavid  rhonda harbison  clintonserver  gram247  resistancered1 .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt daca putei  din cnd n cnd e important sa dai un play din playlisturi propuse de spot .
velho oeste  quem daca primeiro atire  .
if your a daca person in the u  s  you should know democrats can change your standing in about five days  but they .
 nycmayor  nycha news flash  the 400 000 ny s to be soon increased by 500 000 asylum and illegal immigrants  don t .
unlike all other politicians    potus want to fix immigration   not just campaign on it  if  daca can legally stand .
 realdonaldtrump you rejected many deals for wall funding that was far greater than the final amount you accepted  .
 ahluv2  speakerpelosi  i want them here  i want them all here  healthy   no hieleras  no concentration camps  no t .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt daca e acelai playlist care merge nonstop stream ul nu este contabilizat  facei 2 3 pla .
would the flag of mexico be more appropriate        finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain mi .
comandantul ctre soldat      soldat  dac ajungem ntr o localitate unde fntnile sunt infectate ce facem      bem uic  s trii .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti it is just the way to do business .
toi ne dorim s fim fericii i acionm contient sau nu n aceast direcie  ns dac ne oprim din cnd n cnd .
 dawsonsfield  ford0519 the only ones who lost were  american homeowners       the government destroyed the .
daca as fi miliardar  acum as schimba masina  nu  .
 npr  potus  realdonaldtrump  gop  whitehouse  aoc  donaldjtrumpjr  katrinapierson  realjameswoods  kristyswansonxo .
 lindseygrahamsc no to amnesty for tps daca  americans are disgusted with democrat s policies that trampled taxpaye .
how to fix immigration   1 cut off all government assistance to sanctuary cities   2 send all non daca immigrants t .
 realdonaldtrump hold the line sir  congress will eventually take up the matter that s been plaguing the us for yea .
finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no anchor babies  .
 thomas1774paine now you know how the daca kids felt  womp womp .
 trumpwarroom finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end catch  amp  release  no a .
 realdonaldtrump obamas made this mess by creating daca because his own party when they had the house didnt know .
 realdonaldtrump in  17 you had four proposals from democrats on immigration which included daca fix and  40m for w .
 sergiomarbel  benjaminzack  pbs  wpln now i read your story where you celebrate advocate elevate illegal immigrati .
 ritaj2011  thepaleorider  parentwayne  yomurphy06  wildchris2000  jalincoln72  thinkingifree17  archangeljf12 .
 reparations  if  daca kids aren t responsible for the actions of their parents  why are  whitepeople responsible f .
dac intr pe mna lui epe  scpm    .
 rafi  af can you get any degree and work in the field with your daca .
dac as oferi consultanta managementului bigotti  le a recomanda la modul cel mai serios sa investeasc in trainin .
 tuayudallega a las comunidades rurales d  sofala  pero hoy toca reparto y se ha de hacer bien entre l s ms vulner .
come  playontheplaza with us this saturday  4 20  10am 1pm  daca united hosts pay to play lotera  mexican bingo  a .
supreme court doesnt act on trumps appeal in dreamers case .
no esper para arreglar su estatus  llmenos hoy  1 844 364 4727             indocumentado  indocumentados  inmigrantes .
what s been left out of this awesome story is that north bergen high school has a whole lot of first generation ame .
dont wait to to become legalized  call us today  1 844 364 4727             indocumentado  indocumentados .
 realdonaldtrump remember the daca plan you flip flopped on        senatordurbin     lindseygrahamsc.
happening today at wolf law       past  present and future of undocumented students   monday  april 15 at 11 45 a m  1 p  .
 trav e lee please advocate to restore advance parole for daca recipients  they currently cannot travel to see their sick and dying family .
universe to earthlings    illegal immigrants are fleeing starvation  socialism and communism    trump2020 .
dac o fata se machiaz se da cu parfum i se mbrac frumos asta nu nseamn ca e fioasa ca se da cu glet sau c .
 i m a daca recipient  i proudly support donald trump   walkaway    .
see you tonight at 6 30 8 30pm  doors open 5 45pm at acc eastview   immigration  atx  daca  dreamers .
found a lot of your front of the daca expires  if i gotta reach.
 taeyunkijin          procesez daca ti bati joc de mine acuma  daca faci meme u ala sau daca tu chiar vorbesti serios.
do you have daca  if you have any question about your process  come to your consulate of mexico nearest or dial .
tonight come join us for an important and timely panel discussion about  immigration  specifically  daca  dreamers  .
dac nc v mai uitai la anime  ascultai muzic nightcore si v punei urechi de pisic n cap  nu i ok  oprii v.
globulele roii mai sunt numite i hematii sau eritrocite  principalul rol pe care l au n organism este de a tran .
povestea lego este una frumoas  educativ i inspiraional  ateptm s ne spunei prerile voastre despre aceas .
remember    democrats wanted a daca deal   until pres  trump offered it to them  .
 sarahkendzior can you remind mith they showed up for the 1st muslim ban  then got bored  amp  the muslim ban is very m .
now playing    balkan feat  glorya   daca pleci   listen here  .
 moiseguran onoratelor instante sa le tremure curul  daca vor iesi oamenii masiv in strada si vor veni peste ei  pe .
 jackposobiec  155 billion per year shelled out to illegal immigrants aliens invaders daca   why  so many needy cit .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls  via  illnewsnetwork.
 decaraiman imi place ce a scris  da  insa nu am scris eu articolul  deci  daca vrei sa discuti pe marginea articol .
 alwaysdobetter the deal was funding for the entire wall in exchange for daca.
 kokopatti  huwaidaarraf  rashidatlaib  michiganrights are you talking about when the gop created the super villain .
 hr6  the dream and promise act  will provide stable futures for people with tps and daca  and a stable workforce f .
beautiful day in charlotte for our first town hall in nc  thanks to all of the students and everyone in the communi .
 petebuttigieg not just to pete buttigieg but are there any democrat candidates who are maybe for daca and path to .
tnra va ajunge curnd n faa judectorilor .
 silicasun  aramintagunter  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1 .
 privasius its ok  nu e internetul ca s ne eliberm de viaa de zi cu zi  dac vrei s te descarci descarc te  d .
 warrendavidson so now you have taken to using the posting of a 70 something hollywood personality as the basis for .
i willnt stand another abortion for daca del norte dreamers.
spectacol pe patru roti la deta  runda de raliuri a fost spectaculoasa  chiar daca a plouat .
 no daca  breitbarttexas translation  illegitimate   .
 cher youre good  cher   youve done your part by bringing all those daca kids to your home to live  going above a .
concurs    librria humanitas constantin noica sibiu i capital cultural v provoac s citii     putei ctiga nimi .
 cher please clarify your tweet as it s already spreading across the facebook and right wing pages for their use  t .
pentru prima oar mi am luat azi notie la  gots8 ca la meciuri  a fost mito fii pe recepie pentru cronica pri .
 paulmmetzger  jaketapper also if you dont consider over reach for obama to authorize daca then why do you conside .
 speakerpelosi how the democrat party want to use the power so if you want to defends immigrants you have to provid .
dac vrei s tii i tu cum te transform faptul c mbriezi un bebelu care are nevoie de iubire  stai cu noi c .
 dac ferrari fcea asta  se dezintegrau mainile  .
 itmorar o beau i fiart dac se va mplini   .
 kamalaharris please advocate to restore advance parole for daca recipients  they currently cannot travel to see th .
 kamalaharris please advocate to restore advance parole for daca recipients  they currently cannot travel to see th .
 lilibellmia  dgpurser its like daca  democrats pushing for it until president trump offered a deal on it  now he .
 jake vander2  jaketapper yeah protecting people who were brought here by their parents as kids and served in our o .
 mark carnelley  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  teuta metra .
via digi24  ce fel de preot este el dac nu i poate controla familia  cum ar putea atunci s controleze congrega .
 no daca  breitbartnews that s because nearly every city government has been infiltrated by la raza latinos loyal t .
abso freaking lutely   put all of them in sanctuary cities   drop them off at governors  mansions   mayor s homes   congres .
daca te ai oprit din streaming pe spotify for no reason literally gtfo.
 realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump gop did squat first two years     they had total control  trump was even offered .
 onetobeheard  moveon sweetie what about the daca students that were emergency 4 democrats before  what about the 2 .
 trish regan the last state that did it was arkansas   a conservative state with conservative gov       also no taxpaye .
 aramintagunter  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
dac eti n cutarea unui loc de munc sau a unei oportuniti de internship  te ateptm pe 17 aprilie 2019 la as .
 jillibean557 non americans  illegals  the ones not supposed to be here  boarder jumpers   tunnel rats  fence crawlers daca .
tu ai in mana cheia destinului tau  daca iubesti florile si iti doresti sa cunosti mai multe despre aceasta meserie .
 meetthepress  chucktodd  kellyannepolls not if democrats argue for amnesty of 22 million tps aliens  just love how .
 no daca  breitbartnews here in mexifornia  excuse me  california  this scam and a multitude of others are conducted in broad daylight   .
 paulmmetzger  jaketapper how about daca  according to us law the only body that has authority to make immigration .
vrei s nelegei ce e sexo marxismul  citii  dac avei rbdare i putei mesteca atta rumegu  refleciile di .
 daca  .
maia sandu  dac nu se accept un guvern minoritar  total asumat de pas  atunci se va ajunge la anticipate   .
a fost ticsit cu borfasi mitingul  daca mergeau oameni cu un gram de decenta si minte acolo ii luau marlanii la bat .
te lauzi tu ca esti prietena ei cea mai buna da daca ma bag eu intre voi doua nici nu te mai saluta pe hol  .
itll be interesting to see if the republican argument that the daca guidance was rulemaking in disguise will com .
conservatives we have to face the reality we face  we can t let libs drive the agenda  so we have new group of ille .
close our borders now  start mass deportation of all illegals refugees visa overstays daca brats anchor brats and a .
 tom cold   chuckwoolery  gatewaypundit that worked real well with daca.
new asset qualifier program  for blended income or by itself   first time home buyer itin to 85  ltv  updated iti .
 realdonaldtrump but you wont yield on daca so why should they .
 janetpagehill same goes for daca .
 cmarmc  chuckwoolery  gatewaypundit lmao  just like he did for the border wall and daca .
daca la zilele nationale libere  adaugam weekendurile si zilele de concediu  ajungem la 35 de zile de vacanta  .
sunt la cardiolog  tocmai mi am pus un holter pentru tensiune  televizorul din receptie este pe antena1  acces dire .
cum altfel sa incepem saptamana daca nu cu vesti bune  va anuntam super incantati ca suntem nominalizati in cadrul .
 kevinklix  juansaaa  jerrylieb12  nowthisnews you re arguing semantics  nobody in this country is truly undocument .
sfaturile de azi     1  dac vrei ca un tip s fac pucrie  nu i mai face circ la instan  circul aduce amnare a .
10 lucruri pe care trebuie sa le tii dac mergi n singapore  .
 rmnei n mine  i eu voi rmne n voi  dup cum mldia nu poate aduce rod de la sine  dac nu rmne n vi  .
 saracarterdc misguided compassion  his message  blameoversolutiin provides no hope of  solutionoverblame .
cum altfel sa incepem saptamana daca nu cu vesti bune  va anuntam super incantati ca suntem nominalizati in cadrul .
 nanbumhall  jakesherman those are platitudes or stances  where is the plan  so what loopholes  chain migration for .
este ok s ipi ca o putoaic de 8 ani la un film de groaz n sala de condens        m duc la the curse of la lloron .
 saracarterdc cute  liberal symbolism over substance for the  openborders  caravanmobinvasion  globalclowardpiven .
sfaturile de azi     1  dac vrei ca un tip s fac pucrie  nu i mai face circ la instan  circul aduce amnare a .
 sharylattkisson  potus i remember when they were placing daca kids in different cities and claiming that it had no .
daca era judecat un amarat de taran intr un an era in parnaie  pe mari infractori ai tarii justitia noastra chioara .
cum ar arta iphone xi dac l ar desena fanii apple  imaginile suntspectaculoase  .
 bangtaaan love  bts twt sa ai cele mai bune rezultate la toate cele 3     daca ai cel mai mult doar la una  atunci castigi albumul persona.
naionalismului i lipsete o definiie clar  e ceva care ine mai curnd de iraionalul din politic  dac a nc .
 oanyyyy pai s o roada dorul si drama ca flexul si sa scoata muzica aia blanao care iese a intaia daca izvoraste din durere si angoasa.
 ai un punct dac     .
ne am bucura dac ai difuza i la tv melodia   boywithlove  utvro  bts twt  btsonutv  romania  roarmy .
mii de romni vor primi un nou spor la salariu  vezi dac eti pe list   .
 no daca  fairimmigration  kgbt  sydneykgbt yes all made up .
suffolk county  the only conservative downstate hold out   this small county sent 3rd largest  s of daca kids   no phys .
and there u have it   border states are drowning   police overwhelmed w 1llegal criminality   all to satisfy leftist outr .
 rheany613 hate   bigotry   racism   lies   misogyny   islamophobia   corruption   pettiness   laziness   waste   narcissism   caging kid .
 daca mama               .
fundaia pact caut manager financiar cu experien n sectorul neguvernamental pentru a se altura echipei noastre .
 realdonaldtrump youre president  where is your leadership  any plans or policies in comprehensive immigration ref .
 snrijohn the agreement provided for the daca kids to be given permanent residence card  amp  he tried to change that t .
doar eu credeam inainte ca daca imghit guma o sa mi se lipeasca maele .
 ogievropa prelazila ulicu gde stignem.
 daily brenda  jakesherman close asylum loops  end chain migration  pathway for daca  e verify etc is the plan.
o darling u anti    stevescalise la  repjustinamash mi  repespaillat ny  repbecknordgren al .
ntrebarea i dac s ncep s m uit la got  sau nu .
 chuckrock  annabellet53  wanderer820  okielibsherry  prattkap  speakerpelosi exactly  pelosi is not playing   bing .
dac tiam c e aa frumos mergeam i eu la craiova    .
 utvro daca iar ne folositi pt audienta si rating    anyway speram sa ii vedem la tv mai mult si la your choice  vo .
immigration law for the non immigration law attorney will be at  iclef on may 15th  seminar topics include daca  re .
dac tiam c e aa frumos mergeam i eu la craiova    .
cheloo   daca eram    .
and then there are the offers the democrats made  amp  the republicans refused to even negotiate  so we are right back .
 realdonaldtrump you had a bill with 25 billion dollars that build your wall when you had complete control of the h .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls .
 billingreeves  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
 gnosticfuture it had nothing to do with lax enforcement   i was down there for decades   this is all on congress  .
 urmytaer dar dac e vb de pictitci  nu prea sunt foarte wow n niciuna din cele 9 lumi.
 urmytaer dac ar fi ai ti  atunci merii s fi geloas.
l am ntrebat pe dragnea dac are valiza pregtit  prin  youtube.
 newsbv daca ai fi solicitat un punct de vedere i a fi dat macar numele instituiei corect  s nu caute lumea ins .
 realdonaldtrump they dont want to fix the damn thing  they had many op  to fix daca    they created sanctuary cit .
 tarbosaur  daveperrino  nikkihaley if someone hasnt come through a legal point of entry they are illegal  many il .
 realdonaldtrump oh wait promises on daca and dreamers  said on national tv were kept   .
spectacol pe patru roti la deta  runda de raliuri a fost spectaculoasa  chiar daca a plouat .
 iulian68 am o viziune excelenta daca nu perfecta a geopolitici  am studiat o la universitate in stinte politice si .
 cathleenmaza  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley  teuta metra .
 donaldjtrumpjr its just weird to only send asylum seekers  totally legal btw  to only democrat cities that fight .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls  twill .
 anthemrespect legal immigrants get nothing from our government   no daca  no food stamps  no free education  amp  book .
primesti o tastatura mecanica gratis daca iti cumperi un sistem de gaming pcgarage  .
scenele reprobabile de azi  de la nalta curte  demonstreaz  dac mai era cazul  in singur lucru  romania a aderat .
we r missing an opportunity to show daca  amp  the 11   mil non mexican illegals living here that we would have a legal .
 gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley  teuta metra .
 bourdinfred  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder you are behind by three weeks .
if youre a umd student  please go vote for  irelandlesley5 and the  empower umd ticket at  .
lucrezi cu foarte multi clienti  parteneri de afaceri si furnizori  iar siguranta in afaceri este importanta pentru .
 cgomez000  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder but immigrating illegally is not the answer to fina .
cum plm sa fii depresiv gen daca vesel se traieste taie asa.
nigel farage a lansat partidul brexit pentru a pune n practic rezultatele referendumului din 2016  de ce mai part .
 gisellekleeb  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes hey bone spurs in chief    can you stand for 8 hours and defend daca    plus heels   .
 kimberly author  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
the internet offers so many home improvement resources  it s hard to know where to begin  these are my pro tips on .
chiar vreau  si chiar daca ajung nu stiu daca o sa mai am energie dupa 15 ore de excursie.
 bagelznbeanz  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder i was looking at a map of sanctuary cities  ille .
si maine nici nu stiu daca pot sa merg la baschet  aaabbs.
dac eti pasinat de tehnologie  gadget uri  vr  maini electrice i hibrid  roboi  drone i multe altele  tech we .
ncearca sa nu mai ssi  dupa vedem daca putem fii prieteni adevarati   .
has last years senate immigration debate been erased from everyones memory  .
dac nu ai aflat nc  te mai poi nscrie la content writing 101   curs de scriere pentru web i nu numai pn pe .
3 must do s before listing your house for sale            emory financial   jon lam  thehonestlender   n .
care este motivul tu de a te trezi dimineaa  dac formulm ntrebarea folosind conceptul japonez  ar suna astfel  .
 bagelznbeanz  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder what tax breaks do sanctuary cities get .
 miricsubjel jo crvena zvezda.
not in my town char is that what your saying you democrats are pushing for daca 2 0.
 gjwill46  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder bingo .
 pilottr1roberto  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder then take that amount from ca .
 rickphi14265722  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder because they are in other countries .
 no daca  william30841033  realdonaldtrump do it now please .
 no daca but the dems are lying to them  they do not even want them in sanctuary cities now  a venezuela family sai .
dac ai fi fcut alte alegeri  ai fi fost mai fericit  .
please support and sign this petition on creating a permanent solution for many dreamers living in the united state .
trump  the art of hostage negotiation    piaguerra       presidentmiller stephen miller extremist hate immigration archit .
 kos2order  tommyfootball86  deannatlorraine  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx 25 million more ppl are  .
i can t be put in a box on immigration issues  i reject both extremes       1  i support daca  by congress  and immigra .
 marklevinshow this is what they demanded  was daca not its  root  democrats own it .
kamala harris  congress should hire daca illegal aliens     dirtydemocrats    via  breitbartnews.
 bbrandt 1960  no daca  breitbartnews nothing like transporting these illegals into american cities and providing f .
  sruhle  chriscquinn  rickwtyler  msnbc  halliejackson stef here r dems  plan so u ll stop asking  13 passed sen c .
taximestristii ameninta  din nou  cu proteste  daca dati lege pentru uber  miercuri aducem 5 000 de masini in piata .
de acum inainte o sa am un parfum special pt nespalati si cand pute undeva o sa dau cu el  in autobuz  nu mi pasa  .
 cnn recall   speakerpelosi        gt  u must vote4it 2 find out whats in it        gt  u can keep ur          gt   potus gave u demand .
 realdonaldtrump remember how congress had a deal over a year ago regarding daca and immigration  and you killed it         we do      .
neleg c nu v uitai la got dar nu suntei speciali daca va bgai n discuiile lora care se uit i zicei c .
 kamvtv  realdonaldtrump  60minutes what happened to daca .
 jeremiah5244  noahshachtman paul ryan tured down daca along with mitchmcargo.
 thomas1774paine build the wall  no daca  no lottery  no chain migration  the words assimilate  e verify  honor  in .
   12           peing   .
o darling u anti yet    huotforhouse mn  carlandertonjr md  davidwrighttn  nappingdragonn .
still no action in today s scotus orders on the big lgbt discrimination  abortion  and daca cases .
sign our petition     .
 challenge ul de azi  din  cameradegarda ne trimite cu gandul la vacanta  daca ai putea petrece vacanta de paste in .
 noahshachtman  mrmurder37 every tool at our disposal  block   sent back  the dems turned down daca  they want ille .
 stelian ion usr dac reuii lucrul asta suntei tari .
 mwhatsnext  brianplant11  bullystyle311  chicagosmayor your statement is kind of jumbled but i think i can make se .
dac suntei fani ai furiilor lui pierce brown  s ar putea s v plac i acest interviu realizat de digicult     .
o femeie i a agresat brbatul deoarece a deranjat o ce a fcut cnd l a ntrebat dac o considerdrgu .
intrebarea zilei  daca un copil are voie sa si schimbe sexul indiferent de voia parintilor  atunci de ce un alt cop .
a majority of the people in arizona were very disappointed that you missed the opportunity to treat the daca kids f .
taximestristii ameninta  din nou  cu proteste  daca dati lege pentru uber  miercuri aducem 5 000 de masini in piata .
 via  nytimes  speakerpelosi  repschneider we cant fix us immigration without addre .
in timp ce lasul borfa  dragnea se joac de a procesul   infractorul fiind deintorul tuturor prghiilor institu .
 xoflect  tommyfootball86  deannatlorraine  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx let s start    obamacare    daca   the .
 taxday    los 2 5 millones de beneficiarios de tps  ded  daca y sus hogares contribuyen anualmente con  17 4 mil m .
maia sandu nu este dispus s cedeze n faa psrm  dac nu accept un guvern minoritar total asumat de pas  atunci .
sunt pacatoasa  pai cum sa fac asa ceva  daca vede cine stie cum ar face.
 realdonaldtrump executive order time  what are you waiting for  democrats used an illegal executive order for the .
lidera partidului aciune i solidaritate  pas   maia sandu  nu este dispus s fac cedri n favoarea partidului .
morgan freeman     imaginai v ce ar putea face 7 miliarde de oameni  dac ne am iubi i ne am respecta unul pe cel .
am gsit soluia la fenomenul scumpirilor  dac scumpirea afecteaz coul zilnic a unui om  e o form de hruire      p s  idee n lucru .
 rogerkimball  sebgorka he s called their bluff several times    like when he said ok  he ll give them 1 5million d .
i hope you have sane immigration policies bc all your competitors are too busy pandering to the alt left  we need w .
 americanewsroom  billhemmer  byronyork  speakerpelosi im curious   the daca who have had kids here by now    are t .
e oficial  salariile vor fi majorate  vezi dac te numeri printre beneficiari    .
.
 joeconchatv pass on to cher    maybe its time you get on congress to do their job and work with president trump t .
 tracyl26210126  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump no  that is what trump  dems  and reps want you to believe  catch and .
 charliekirk11 no deal on daca immigration    no deal on health care    no deal on gun control    no deal on spending .
ieri am fost la maraton  nu  nu am alergat   dei sunt convins c dac mi a propune s fac asta a reui         am .
 stormisuponus how long before this happens  what is happening now is outrageous  legal immigrants  amp  daca first  th .
 realdonaldtrump yes   lets make a clear path to citizenship for daca and clarify and update the asylum program to .
sunt drgu  ce a pit un brbat care a ndrznit s nu i rspund partenerei la aceast ntrebare  .
 denbar64  heart3626  dianwchain1  cant read maps  donholtmac  gregorymacinto3  featherew  nra tacobowl ms .
immigration reform   is there pathway for daca recipients to become us citizen       diplomacy meetings of respective c .
tu ai fost la musicalul we will rock you romania  .
circ i amnare n procesul lui dragnea   dac o s fiu condamnat  mi a dori s tiu pentru    .
 mariabartiromo  konaice  morningsmaria  foxbusiness no deal on daca immigration    no deal on health care    no dea .
 lawrencehurley when do you believe they will decide to take the daca case .
 itmorar daca prin sampanie spui dragnea  atunci da .
in caz ca nu stiati se pare ca oricine poate sa trimita un email care sa aiba in campul de to si from adresa voastr .
 donnacar62  dariusvolket  realdonaldtrump daca esta caca .
these are not the words of an honest man        realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
 speakerpelosi i support  realdonaldtrump    now back to the problem you fail to act on    finish the wall  no amnesty .
 radamswapt  benniegthompson  realdonaldtrump  thisweekabc  gstephanopoulos demontrash arent willing to work on im .
 realdonaldtrump  housegop  senategop  mariabartiromo u know congress won t be c they want illegal aliens  amp  daca to .
 realjameswoods  realdonaldtrump how many dreamers will cher take in   surely she can afford 10 20   cher  daca  maga.
 cristidanilet o parte din colegii dvs sunt o rusine  de ce tot amana  daca e nevinovat sa i dea nevinovat  sunt la .
dac te crezi prost  gndetete ca sunt oameni care nu i vacineaza copilul       dar care i pun antivirus pe computer.
dac ar murii toate persoanele fake am rmne mcar 100 .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump send them back  please do not let them in our country.
 michellemalkin  judgejeanine maybe one day someone will have the courage to see the root of the problem   obama wa .
aa  i  ce dac e frumoas santa cruz de tenerife   .
 realdonaldtrump funny   comprehensive bipartisan legislation was on your desk  go look and see if it s still there .
 jahe8320  brianplant11  bullystyle311  chicagosmayor you think daca children just stayed at home   they went to sc .
liviu pustiu si sorinel pustiu   nu mi pasa daca mor .
 realdonaldtrump they gave people daca and you took it away  you don t want to fix immigration  you just want a use .
 realjameswoods    this is what  daca is about        buildthewall    deportthemall  teamcornyn .
 stirileprotv ramane sa vedem daca ceceree este sluga p d.
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol i dont care about the mueller .
ce trebuie sa stii daca ai facturi in format electronic  .
 iowapeg  gina scooter  theplumlinegs what  no  the white house official is not seeking ways to change the law thro .
fb ul ma intreaba ce e in mintea mea si ma gandesc la o chestiune    incerc sa fiu cat mai bun cu oamenii din jurul .
dac m ntrebai pe mine  romnia nu mai are nici o ans ct timp exist oameni care strig dragnea preedinte  .
daca aveti loop uri le astept pe privat sa le lucram diseara pe livesteam    .
 kylegriffin1 ignored the problem  he proposed a  5 7b border proposal that add agents  judges  barriers  technolog .
 2nitzza pai cine scrie neintentionat  chiar si in articole  este  spoiler alert    lucru sfant  deam daca citesti  nu e vina nimanui.
dragnea  dac voi fi condamnat s tiu i pentru ce .
neleg c livache se antreneaz pentru dieta a la rahova i pap covrigei cu susan    las c i aduce aia mic chift .
toate fetele care asculta the weeknd se dau mari futacioase dar daca intra var miu stefan in ele smr el de nu incep sa sara pe pereti.
6  pachet   7  pastile pentru rau de masina   daca mergi cu autocarul    8  baterie portabila externa.
1  un rucsac mic dar incapator   2  telefon   3 casti   4 incarcator   daca mergi cu trenul caci sunt prize in el     5  o .
 realdonaldtrump how often must it be said   you backed out of a deal that got you a wall and the dems daca   you c .
2        peing   .
fatima ali is a 3 year extension of daca .
dac ai destul rbdare poi s mui munii din loc  dar dac ai destul inteligen zbori peste ei  c e mai simplu .
dac respiri eti bun de plat  dac nu  vezi unde a votat cnp ul tu  de nebun .
 seanhannity  dcexaminer  realdonaldtrump  chuckwoolery  therightmelissa  donaldjtrumpjr  every person in america n .
 daca recipients on  medicaid in  illinois  seriously  bossmadigan shills  how much more do you want to fuck the .
 cum i pot fi furate datele prin internet explorer  chiar dac nu l foloseti   adevrul .
cnd se va da sentina lui livache  eu cred c ar trebui s i dea ceva aniori n plus i la circumstane agravant .
 mihaihristea asta e democratie unde trebuie sa te feresti si sa iti feresti ideile daca sunt diferite de ale tefel .
tudor chirila  despre mitingul psd care a avut loc vineri la craiova   acesti oameni sunt romania  chiar daca nu e .
daca aude ma ta ce faci ramai nemancata o saptamana.
 realdonaldtrump hey  fat donnie  you dirty bird  do you ever wish you had taken that  25 billion offered for a bor .
 realdonaldtrump absolutely    and no amnesty       no daca    enforce the law   .
liviu dragnea  n faa instanei    sunt total nevinovat  dac o s fiu condamnat  mi a dori s tiu pentru ce   .
if trump got serious about daca and other issues  an immigration deal would be possible  but he prefers to demonize .
dac dragnea este condamnat i arestat     romnia renate .
 thomas1774paine  trumps fault   no  it is congress  fault for not passing comprehensive immigration reform  kickin .
 realdonaldtrump you have a pen and a phone you can fix it  obama did daca and there still here.
si ma mut in amsterdam    macar asa am o sansa sa scap    si daca nu scap  macar mor linistita .
daca am tumora la cap  jur ce nu ma operez nici batuta    sa mor da o in mortii ei de treaba    decat sa imi chinui parintii  prefer asta .
 realdonaldtrump obama began a fix for immigration when he issued the  daca directive  donny  what have you done  .
echipa media a ministerului aprrii este n cutare de operator video  care va combina i poziia de editor       eti .
 abc remember when theindc walked away from 25m because of daca and the freedom caucus .
 stephenamerritt  realdonaldtrump you obviously do not follow real news  trump recommended pathway to citizenship f .
 openborderscrisis      demoncrats want daca  trump gives it  demoncrats resist       every offer from trump has been met w .
 newday  newday trump is the one who refuses to work with congress  for example he wont give a path to citizenship to daca recipients.
 realdonaldtrump obama passed an eo called daca when congress failed to act      dont you have the right to do the ve .
daca liviu dragnea este condamnat  e semn ca este din nou  liber la jefuirea tarii  de catre hienele si sacalii u e     .
 realdonaldtrump president trump  take this one step further  give daca legal status throwing the ball back to dems .
 cher  we won t forget what you said .
dac tot l ateptm cu nerbdare s se ntoarc din armat  pe 23 mai a c    aflai mai multe despre viaa persona .
it will be interesting to see what happens to the trumpiverse when  as part of a deal   realdonaldtrump includes .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
am gsit acest anun folosind aplicaia pentru mobil     vezi dac i place .
 valueftw acuma am completat in sfarsit echipa  daca mai ai vreodata chef de un amical ceva  imi zici    .
 mydanii i  continuarea  cea mai de poman rcire a gurii  sau am reuit  ntreb pentru u prieten  s tiu dac .
 ingerisidemoni daca jivina asta deformata e rezultatul sistemului de educatie din romania inseamna ca tara e .
marea britanie are acum un nou termen limit  pn la 31 octombrie  pentru ieirea din uniunea european  dar elita .
 factsorfables4u  sikes dave  cliff sims  donaldjtrumpjr  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump maybe this might be why he .
victor juc  la replica  chiar dac vor fi alegeri anticipate  toi vor avea de pierdut      .
i agree because the dems will not budge  he put everything on the table including daca and they said no  an easy fi .
 stocksnjocks trump put a daca extension on the table during the shutdown  i was surprised  well not really  that t .
marele miting psd  dac o mtur candideaz de la psd  mtura aia o votez .
 stocksnjocks frank  trump gave daca to the dems and they rejected it .
 trosmislen naravno  ako se ne zeza .
la masa de lng mine e una care mimeaz att de fals i neconvingtor interesul  cu buzele strnse i dnd din cap .
zi decisiva pentru dragnea  daca astazi primeste o condamnare  psd risca sa piarda puterea  gt  gt  gt  .
daca recipient murdered 18 year old girl in south carolina .
just finished a runtastic run of 4 17 km in 22m 46s with the  runtastic app  .
nu mai tii care e muzica i frumuseea adevrat  c dac tiai   nu mai spuneai de nu tiu ce melodie c e cc .
 btsfancafes jimin ce poza frumoasa multumesc  tu esti un inger  ai grija de tine odihnestete  si nu uita tu esti d .
 foxandfriends no daca citizenship   no chain migration   no immigration lottery   no anchor babies   no sanctuary funding .
 sengraham2016 no daca citizenship   no chain migration   no immigration lottery   no anchor babies   no sanctuary funding .
 sevgi balli14 size tebli edilmesini bekleyip idare mah daca aacaksnz.
preedintele neformal al psrm  igor dodon  susine c pn acum nu s au purtat discuii cu partidul democrat  pd   .
beneficiaria de daca regresa a mxico  estaba harta de vivir con miedo a que la migra llegar a tocar la puerta de .
dodon  ntrebat de ce socialitii nu negociaz cu partidul lui vlad plahotniuc  vrei att de mult s fie o coali .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
daca vrei sa fii la curent cu tot ce este la moda nu rata editia elle on tv  duminica  de la 14 30  la prima tv .
beneficiaria de daca regresa a mxico  estaba harta de vivir con miedo a que la migra llegar a tocar la puerta de .
din ciclul dac dorii s revedei    .
 amp quot moldova ara minunilor  amp quot  ce a agat de camion un ofer  dac vezi  vei rde n ho      .
 amp quot moldova ara minunilor  amp quot  ce a agat de camion un ofer  dac vezi  vei rde n ho      .
 amp quot moldova ara minunilor  amp quot  ce a agat de camion un ofer  dac vezi  vei rde n ho      .
 donaldjtrumpjr same with daca  when prez raised the number the dems demanded  poof     that was the last time you heard about daca .
 camilstoenescu  cosminchera ambele mrci  bmw  amp  mercedes sunt complet compromise  cnd vine vorba de tipurile de c .
dac suntei n cluj  discutm mine  mari  16 aprilie  despre  profilul psiho cultural al romniei de azi   sunt .
daca esti ceea ce  mananci insemna ca mircea badea este bataie .
 dougs1978  xwordmark  breitbartnews dispiriting the leftists hate our heroes    disgusting the left worships illegal .
 nino79003652 zato bi te neko vredjao .
a venit n ro   prim ministrul republicii socialiste vietnam   doamna dancila  intrebati l daca n are cumva i nit .
foti lideri europeni cer ue s resping planul sua dac acesta este nedrept cu palestinienii  scrisoare  .
asta daca intru .
 cbsnews how about a deadline on immigration reform and daca    worthless politicians in dc only work for themselve .
daca tot se apropie  .
daca pana acum erati in dubii daca sa va mutati  acum aveti un motiv in plus    puteti sa luati o casa si bonus    .
nu esti fan adevarat selly daca niciodata nu ai cerut sos in cantitati industriale.
 ilhanmn trump said hed give you daca if you gave him the wall  seems a small trade  why dont you go for that .
 mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews why a package  why can t they do one fix at a time  these .
 kolat ca dupa ce ca s a bagat in seama complet aiurea  macar daca s ar fi oprit la timp   totul ar fi ramas la niv .
 no daca i notice pelosi  amp  schumer arent telling americans we need to spend 100s of billions yearly on our homeless .
cu siguran ai auzit de vitalitate  ns de vitalitatea alimentelor  dac nu  te ateptm pe site ul nostru s des .
 aoc  when you realise you are simply being used to build numbers  daca  illegals embarrassing  .
s v pedepseasc dumnezeu  dac rupei florile  este mesajul disperat al unui ardean  .
dosla mi daca   feeling happy in derventa .
tudorel toader  despre motiunea impotriva sa   orice variant este posibil  .
cred tot mai insistent c  dac vrem ca peste o generaie copiii notri s mai creasc n tradiia cretin  n dec .
 breitbartnews dems use immigrants as props        refused daca deal  potus offered that was better than what they  ask .
 no daca  fairimmigration  koconews  kocodillon pelosi  amp  her cohorts are fine with illegals coming into this countr .
 brickrock3 if the money was guaranteed and funded the deal would have been done  you don t give up daca for 1 year .
nazistul ne ndeamn s ieim la vot   e de bine      dac dragnea a facut o  e de condamnat la moarte politica  .
 kolat ca esti cel mai  bun exemplu de urmat  bravo tie daca te ocupi de batrani  toata admiratia  viata e mult mai .
 no daca  breitbartnews sanctuary cities are breaking federal law by hiding illegals  since they dont care about ou .
daca imi mai zice o singura persoana ca o sa mor de foame dupa facultate jur ca incep sa plang.
 kolat ca si dragnea zice  romaneste iti spun  daca este se compar    ar trebui eliberati toti cei din penitenciar .
 taralarosa look fighter  its perfectly compatible to advocate for good treatment of immigrants  particularly daca .
 no daca if the democrates had let trump build the wall its possible he might still be alive  of course they stole .
acum va anuna mine dac accept oferta psrm .
the democrats latest plan gives  amnesty to already deported  daca illegals   nationalsecurity  buildthewall .
investments  gdp growths factories economy revenue growths  us export revenue growths   by  simply walking working  .
hey dac citeti asta i nu te simi bine n vreun fel  sper din suflet s te simi mai bine curnd i s treci cu bine peste toate astea .
cum mama dracu n am murit eu cnd eram copil nu stiu             acum in stia copiii n pampers  le dau din .
 speakerpelosi they re rolling over   finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end .
 speakerpelosi you ve done absolutely nothing    finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain mig .
 sidneypowell1 daca kids should be    pi  ed because trump put it on the table and dems wouldnt even discuss  dems .
dac nu eti sigur de ceea ce i doreti  ai la ndemn dou variante  vila de tip rubin sau cea de tip smarald  .
dac zice   zice    .
 comisarulro pai ce altceva mai inteligent putea rosti infractorul  liviudragnea  acest  jegpsd  penalpsd  gunoipsd .
prpd  dac nu l convingeau liberalii pe nicolae robu s intre n politic  .
obama has put americans in limbo spending unauthorized billions with his iran deal  amp  his daca  amp  his paris accord  n .
how can obama send  150 billion  amp   1 8 billion cash to iran  amp  trump cant build a wall  daca money paris accord whi .
dac planurile industriei de telecomunicaii pentru 5g se concretizeaz  nicio persoan  animal  pasre sau insect .
ditamai judectorul de la iccj nu e capabil de obiectivitate ntr un dosar        pi s nu se mai fac judector dac .
aflai dac lucrai pentru patron s au intermediar .
aa se intr la instan    intri  dar nu se tie dac mai iei               sursa  stirileprotv .
 no daca ya think he had to back up to see what he hit .
despririle nu sunt deloc plcute  iar asta pentru c ne confruntm cu emoii complexe  pare c lumea noastr s a .
exclusiv    daca face asta  o sa fie ca pirlo   sfatul lui becali pentru ianis hagi   sa ma ierte gica  dar atat im .
 chris jamescsgo  gameofthrones hai ca a fost  daca e .
 tynomag23  kolat ca indubitabil  nu poti guverna bine daca de doi ani de zile esti atacat cu fiecare ocazie  esti .
 mikibuzarnescu adaug  te rog  i c  dac taci  violena se va amplifica i se va revrsa i asupra altora  .
      la un bal discoteca in sat tinerii danseaza iar mamele fetelor stau pe marginea ringului si asista un tanar o .
dac avei nevoie v o trimit i vou  .
liderul psd  liviu dragnea  ar fi luat btaie de la protestatari dac nu ar fi     .
problema metroului din drumul taberei a ajuns i la guvern        premierul viorica dncil promite cu subiect i predi .
 mohneaaa fratee trebuie s vorbeti cu mine despre chestiile astea nu pot sa te ajut daca nu mi spui.
afla care este rochia de mireasa care ti se potriveste  iar daca timpul tau este limitat  it .
 reallatinotrump  no daca  gavinnewsom  planetfitness wonderful .
daca activists and ron desantis in the election  so interesting guest of justice reform law   this year  at the higher wag.
    multi intelectuali  psd  exact de teapa   vioricadancila si a marelui  jegpsd  gunoipsd  penalpsd .
 linda4senate  sigiloso1776 finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  end sanctuary cities  enact e verify  end chain .
defapt noi angajm pe intermediar patron  i nu el pe noi i dac primete un comision lunar de la noi i are zeci .
 silicasun  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
daca taci  nu trece  m am alaturat campaniei voci netacute   am ales tema violentei impotriva femeilor    stop the .
am descoperit de ce nu avem salariul net de 3000lei minim pe economie  patronul  tu e angajat  dac e angajat nu i .
 alert   tudorel toader vorbete despre demisie   dac decizia e a mea  nu o discut cu triceanu    .
europarlamentar austriac  dac schweighofer ar lucra la noi ca n romnia  ar avea dosare grele .
gata  daca il condamn apar autostrzile   cresc salariile  cresc pensiile  iar se intorc toti in ar  ceilali po .
recunosc ca n am inteles exact care s beneficiile plimbarii detinutilor pe la scoli si a elevilor prin puscarii  ma .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
epoch times are un filmule despre mitingul psd de la craiova care se ncheie halucinant  o doamn aflat lng dra .
astzi aflm dac vine primvara sau iarna .
 subiectiv pot sa te contrazic  nu in cazul asta  dar am auzit interpretari mult mai bune decat originalul  am si un exemplu  daca vrei .
daca shame   a randy rainbow song parody  via  youtube.
  chuupiter got stays winning at this point daca nu l vezi fix cand apare te ai muit.
oh well  i try so hard to be his daca maybe someday that will happen .
raheem sterling  dac prseti gazonul n timpul meciului  rasitiictig   .
 chemphd1990  realdonaldtrump so when schumer  amp  pelosi use daca as bargaining chips thats ok when bo flooded red s .
procesul lui liviu dragnea  aprtorul liderului psd a cerut recuzarea uneia dintre judectoare pe motiv c soul a .
 senatorcardin stated on natl news that the dems have a plan for immigration  amp  daca to submit but republicans want .
daca ai mai lucrat in vanzari si esti o persoana agreabila  placuta si serioasa  atunci te astepatam sa ne fii cole .
la elegerile europarlamentare din  26mai   avem de ales o direcie clar pentru romnia i anume dac mergem spre r .
daca dragnea isi va indeplini planurile politice  de viata si de familie  sa multumeasca brutelor acerebrate din st .
braov  atenie la amenzi  dac v gndii s ieii la picnic n perioada srbtorilor pascale   .
schweighofer       asta nseamn s fii mafiot    s nu nelegem greit   nu ar putea s ne defrieze pdurile fr .
nite prieteni vorbesc unde s vad got desear     le am zis c le spun eu ce se ntmpl dac nu mai vor s atepte .
akb addresses daca  executive orders and campus controversies at town hall   graphic .
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
n aceste clipe se stabilete dac   statul paralel   mafiot preia iar conducerea romniei   haita  rezist asmuit de klaus url   .
cutm un software developer talentat care i dorete s fac parte dintr o echip agile  n care se lucreaz cu o .
dac nc nu tii ce s faci cu viaa ta dup bac  urmtoarea list i ar putea fi de folos n luarea unei decizii .
ceva tre s fie foarte nasol cu procesul pe cazul bombonica dac dragnea a scos 400 de golani n faa naltei cur .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
 marmotadecampie omaigad  daca zic ca mi place is ciudata .
daca vrea cineva un telefon de colectie .
dac nu i a nvat nimeni pe  reziti  luai de aci  nici un proces  ntr un stat de drept  nu se desfoar sub o .
  hitulzilei la rzi cu rusu i andrei  tu decizi dac l pstrm        hitul zilei de azi e  alan walker  sa .
 dr palazzolo  american media   speakerpelosi  senschumer while i can t say this is the stupidest meme ever  it s u .
feb 15  2018    bipartisan daca  border security deal fails in senate  putting immigration bill s future in doubt .
sindromul miron cozma  dac m arestai  dau o lovitur de stat   moiseguran  .
tudorel toader  n am nevoie sa ma consult daca sa mi dau demisia sau nu  e o decizie personala .
 danandronic1970 daca dragnea nu chema lumea sa l   scoat   nu se intampla nimic   erau 3 4 tmpii ca de obicei   .
doar trei zile ne despart de congresul national al studentilor la comunicare  ediia a xvi a  dac nu ai apucat nc .
cod rutier 2019 actualizat  ce amend riti dac vorbeti la telefon n timpul condusului  descarc pdf cod rutier 2019.
dac liviu dragnea va fi condamnat  psd ia 45  n alegeri     prerea mea .
daca te lupti acum  priveste o pe ca un semn minunat   sarbatoreste lupta ta  .
povestea cpitanului grigore ignat ar fi rmas  poate  necunoscut  ca multe alte fapte de eroism remarcabil i ano .
dan petrescu le a rspuns fanilor nemulumii dup jocul cu fcsb  i eu dac eram spectator a fi fluierat   .
cum aflai in 1923 daca laptele era diluat sau nu     aceeasi metoda empirica ar putea arata si azi ca in comertul rom .
europarlamentar austriac  dac schweighofer ar lucra la noi ca n romnia  ar avea dosare grele .
 annettegh86  xkitkatx77 were not cheering at all we re pissed    thedemocrats don t care about this country or its .
 serbandavid7 cnd castigam un giveaway imi dadea mereu mesaj daca vreau sa imi vnd skinurile pe paypal     .
exerciiu de imaginaie  dac l aresteaz pe daddy  cine i pune ctuele   .
bsescu despre referendum  m voi duce  dac va fi invalidat  nimeni nu va mai putea opri psd .
surse  oltenia ar putea fi cedat bulgariei  dac romnia e dispus s plteasc 4 miliarde de euro .
colega noastra  raluca penes  hr systems  amp  processes coordinator smartree a contribuit la realizarea unui articol p .
trim de mult n perioada n care un mesaj nu mai merge pentru toate platformele  da  e mult de munc mai ales cnd .
 andreitarnovski    turnoffskey  burjui  daca tu crezi ca eu nu pot sa adorm  ap zrea  eu prosta n am cand  d.
dac ai un biznis i ai auzit c ultima fi nu mai e pe feisbuc ci pe  insta   s tii c acolo i faci cont doar .
 987mies  michaelmalice  cher sanctuary for daca is different than the new illegal immigrants  daca people register .
 subzerosbxx dac mi mnnci mie meciul  cred i eu .
tudorel toader  n plin scandal cu psd   n am nevoie s m consult dac s mi dau demisia sau nu  e o decizie perso .
margareta pslaru    diamant fermecat  i  dac ai ghici   prin  youtube.
video    descoperirea ocant fcut n oceanul pacific arat c omenirea nu mai are nicio ans s supravieuiasc .
 realjameswoods  adamschiff now imagine for a moment youre adam schiff  you were elected to congress by the citize .
va fi demisie  .
bsescu despre referendum   m voi duce  dac va fi invalidat  nimeni nu va mai putea opri psd    ziar gazeta de cl .
 beulahcrusoe  scottpresler she never said she was taking daca into her home either  just lots of opinions what oth .
 journey reading what a great giveaway  thanks for the chance  new books would be very welcome .
ce rost are sa credem in iisus hristos  daca nu credem in viaa de apoi  .
d ale romaniei faine chestii  pentru ca idiotu  de la care am cumparat apartamentul nu a lasat absolutamente niciun .
 lucaadr6 doamne daca eram prost dispusa pana acum  s au evaporat toate energiile negative  un pas mare   e ca a .
ce rost are sa credem in iisus hristos  daca nu credem in viaa de apoi     .
in primul rand  spunei ca il placi  asa iti vei marii sansele  sau roaga un prieten sa ii spuna daca tu nu ai curaj .
daca eu iti dau mesaj de ce lasi unseen .
toader  pe poziii  nu am nevoie s m consult dac s mi dau demisia sau nu  e o deciziepersonal .
europarlamentar austriac  dac schweighofer ar lucra la noi ca n romnia  ar avea dosare grele .
taehyun  bun hyung       yeonjun  bun       taehyun  vreau s te ntreb dac o persoan poate s respire n timp ce este .
cum te ajuta dacia daca faci pana  serviciile de asistenta rutiera pe care e bine sa leai  .
oare daca nu treci de primu risc mai platesti amenda    .
 ce se poate ntmpla pe scena politic dac dragnea va intra la pucrie    adevrul .
chiar dac zmbesc asta nu nseamn ca sunt fericita.
 bbcradio2  darwenacademy   janetmccarthy i thoroughly enjoyed taking part in my third year of judging the .
daca .
 bunescu eu chiar nu am vazut nici un episod  am avut diverse ocazii s m uit de a lungul anilor  doar c am refuz .
like daca      mananci ceva in clipa asta     ai un 4     ascunzi ceva fata de parinti    mi ai dat follow     ai avut un iub .
today is the day     i dac scoi minim nasul pe afar  tinzi s fii de acord c  winteriscoming         hbo  got  photobooth  cantwait.
mari 16 aprilie  exersezi scrisul caligrafic  sau l nvei     la seneca are loc a doua ntalnire cu .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you sound like a snowflake an .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i sleep when i want   i own m .
daca te bucura natura  zilele s frumoase    daca ploaia nu te tine inchis  poti sa si zambesti     happiness .
vrei s trieti linitit  nu f bine  dac nu ai fost rugat   principiile oamenilor nelepi   a m  press .
 stuart0415  othercarolb  thehrh daca falls under the immigration package trump is trying to avoid          hes not do .
in orice profesiune ai nevoie de     wyswyg     aceasta este noua formula daca vrei sa ramai i .
i au dorit mai mult egalul          gigi becali  nemultumit dupa egalul dintre cfr cluj si fcsb  .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti when your wife loves flowers .
ziua bun se cunoate de diminea  dup un du bun  aa c e important s i alegi cabina sau cdia cea mai potri .
 no daca  forpotus45  realdonaldtrump send them home .
 digi24 hd daca stam 4 ani sa facem 18 km    mai bine schimbam guv  coana viorica cum ajungi la  350 km in urmatori .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you are so ignorant  you do n .
 60minutes not one question on immigration or refugee crisis  why they haven t fixed daca  how we feed and house 20 .
dac tie cineva un tnr it ist cu timp liber i cu chef s ajung celebru  s i spun s fac o aplicaie numit .
alert  tudorel toader vorbete despre demisie  dac decizia e a mea  nu o discut cu triceanu .
dac se blocheaz accesul tir urilor cu legume  se blocheaz importul  deci euro nu va mai crete aa de mult    mai .
nu tiu dac azi se va juca ultimul act n procesul lui dragnea  nu tiu dac vor mai exista ncercri de tergivers .
nu tiu dac azi se va juca ultimul act n procesul lui dragnea  nu tiu dac vor mai exista ncercri de tergivers .
sunt ntre doi  greesc dac    amn alegerea    scandaloas ntrebare  stai s vezi rspunsul      scurtpedoi .
 dragoviceva  daca mama  gosn gile joojj ne znam bas da li e ga putati niz vodu i kad zavri poso      gledam mi .
 launasallai  realmagasteve i don t recall cher ever taking in an illegal after this statement  and now an about fa .
great point    funny how dems are not working on immigration reform   i have a hunch theyll save that for 2020  an .
dac tot zici c e curs direct bruxelles costa rica  eu spun s te mai gndeti  nu se tie cnd o s ai nevoie  .
indiferent daca se intampla azi sau nu  fiind motiune simpla nu conteaza decat ca pretext in varianta ca cei de la .
ma ntreb ce se intampla dac ii zici unui negru nigga.
 realdonaldtrump whole campaign was about deportation  abolishing daca   getting rid of the bad hombres   and build .
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 14 2019 .
 bojanzdravic  pasazot  gosn gile  radelocki  je sisa hvala na informacijama .
 cher  croy f demonrats lied to him      they promised to secure the border    they never did     by the way    1 8 .
i dont understand how no one protests or talks about daca recipients   .
eu mi fac treaba pn n ultimul moment  ca ministru  a spus tudorel toader  astzi      .
.
 mariabartiromo  foxnews  sundayfutures  lindseygrahamsc i always thought daca might be ok in negotiations for immi .
de luni de zile  schela aceasta bloca complet trotuarul din fata casei darvas obligand pietonii sa treaca prin mijl .
 holmesdonna1  christi41820037  arlie again  dailycaller  realdonaldtrump so judges who keep legislating from the b .
dm startul unei sptmni pline de expriente noi i distracie        dac nu te ai hotrt nc n privina facult .
 solmemes1  speakerpelosi  potus has been dog walking the dem s on a chain  he got them to defend ms 13  vote again .
the great pacific garbage patch  cea mai mare insul de gunoi din oceanele lumii  a ajuns s aib dimensiuni de d .
establishment democrats be like          kamalaharris superdelegate  amp  freshman centrist  katiehill4ca endorses .
crates din teba descrie pe contul su de facebook o ntmplare interesant despre diogene  cum c  dup ce s a mast .
 pamelaasanntana simm  no lembro como  o final  daca poca eu vejo.
 senschumer the dems have to present a plan to assist the migrants at the border   trump keeps blaming the dems  he .
ai nevoie de o vacan  de relaxare  eti curioas cum arat un prin n armur  dac eti de prere c experienel .
eti student la facultile de tiine aplicate i inginerie sau inginerie mecanic  industrial i maritim n cad .
 jaimebayly  despus de mucho tiempo regresas    oh creador del 7x7 cuando regresas  hasta hoy le sigo insistiendo .
 gma  ivankatrump your disgusting father cancelled daca by executive order  .
 speakerpelosi the  dems should present a plan to assist migrants at the border   if trump and mcconnell dont like .
statul tripleaz ajutoarele pentru romni  primeti mii de euro dac ndeplineti codiiile   .
 cptblackpill i know  right   when will potato blokmpt finally issue an order to end daca  or catch  amp  release  or t .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes as compared  for example  to your healthcare plan legislation  your  daca fix and your 10  income tax cut .
 mama nu a inut cont de prerea mea i m a nscris la un concurs de frumusee  am fost traumatizat  nu tiu dac .
old  nancypelosi doesn t represent the democratic party       we need a future       make her life hell           capitolhill .
vatoped  zeci de romni  inevitabil  vorbim unii cu altii  detaliu important  daca nu ne cunoastem  adresarea este .
 realdonaldtrump why should we reward daca they were brought here illegally by illegal aliens undocumented iimmigra .
daca ati ratat ieri fotbalul adevarat   .
how long has it been since democrats were so concerned about daca .
americanii au ajuns la captul rbdrilor cu alex mitri   pe bune   ctigam lejer dac nu fcea asta   .
cozmin gu s a dezlnuit dup atacul lui dumitru dumbrav la adresa lui  omul nu duce la butur  dac bea dou .
ana din clasa a 3 a   draga mea e numai al meu   daca te atingi de el ma jur ca ramai fara par   te pupa sefa .
 anne19brown  emtee2355  camip934  usalivestrong  sabrinacath  pauwitkowski  sealeygerald  chrismanack  uncbrad .
 saltymarine80  wendytruong3  shopsmartresist  barkindavid  rhonda harbison  clintonserver  gram247  ericspahn1 .
 maralargeass  stcyrannie  viralphreak  bobreighard  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump of course daca is a good deal  tru .
mi amintesc iubito   mi amintesc     a prului tu strlucire     nu mi e uor  nu simt vreo bucurie     c s a ntampl .
michael kamen ar fi mplinit 71 de ani  dac nu s ar fi stins pe 18 noiembrie n 2003  new york ezul  este unul din .
okay listen haters  daca  they re blooming like roses.
 fcsbenglish  cfr 1907 cluj dece  au jucat asa rau    hai ca  putem avem potenial  ceva nu merge ceva trebuie sch .
coolinaria  15 04 2013      dac exist sarmale de post  de ce n ar exista i varz  la cluj de post  asta a fost ntr .
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
si daca toata energia pe care o cauti dimineata se regaseste intr  o picatura de cafea  nu se renunta asa usor  aroma de inceput .
 oscar daca cllese ese da mi mami no me dejo arma otra .
 knowledgeispower  buildhopeedu  blackisbeautiful  africa  daca  dreamers  beauty  blackexcellence  theworldisyours .
 shorelee5  presssec thats hysterical since they cant seem to follow the law  illegals voting  daca  sanctuary cities  .
 dumbrav nu duce la butur  dac bea dou priuri  se pilete repede   este reacia lui     .
.
recent am lansat o noua piesa  daca nu ai ascultat o inca  o poti face acum  daca iti place ceea ce auzi  un share .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil ar trece la pro romnia .
o cafea dragilor  ei bine  viitorul apartine celor care nu renunta la visele lor     ma iertati  dar nu renunt nici m .
us is a nation of laws  we have a constitution  amp  laws so justice is not arbitrarily  amp  capreciously enforced absent .
probleme la sistemul gps   ls magazine     daca ati mers cu masina in perioada asta si daca .
 singurul mare antrenor din romania e hagi        becali  indragostit de ianis  se duce sa danseze cu el in vestiar dac .
 facethenation  jehjohnson dt is angling to justify his emergency declaration  amp u re his crutch 4 his lawlessness  a .
3 18 19   11th circuit court of appeals has ruled   illegal aliens benefiting from the illegal and unconstitutional .
 lori19669135  stoner 68  zacburrage  cher yeah well theres a problem with legal immigration  it takes too long  .
 facethenation  jehjohnson dt is angling to justify his emergency declaration  amp u re his crutch 4 his lawlessness  a .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti isnt it past your bed time  did .
dios zayn de la nada daca jn video queee.
did anyone have problems with daca       daca is illegal  unconstitutional   obama said so  .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti well it is within their legal rig .
dac nici acum nu i difuzeaz la radio sau tv   i m so proud  .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you are those type of neighbors w .
cnd te plictiseti n costa rica  mai bagi bul prin gard la romnica  .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol all you are saying makes you .
i wish people would get a notification of me denying their facebook invite to vote for their campaign  of thinks .
daca dreamact under following conditions only  1 immediate immigration asylum laws reform  2 secure border  some wa .
a venit ziua cea mare pentru liviu dragnea  afl dac se duce la nchisoare   .
i met  daviddobrik tonight and told him how much he inspires me because hes a daca recipient like myself  i have f .
  cher  wegotyoubabe  man  thesepeoplearestupid and so predictable  hey your party never came back for daca either  .
 cher  cher you got played  this is why we want to secure our borders you hypocrite  i thought you wanted to .
this is exactly why daca nielsen was replaced  .
 moveon well the democrats have been in power for a hundred days and so far all their voting on our non binding res .
    .
 ilhanmn trump has been trying to work on immigration reform  daca and border security .
 realdenniswill  trumpgirl89  randpaul i was going to mention that rand did nothing to block obamas unconstitution .
 realdonaldtrump why didn t repubs change the immigration laws fast when ur party controlled all branches of gov  c .
tps   trump prt  ajouter 3 ans sur le tps et le programme daca  en change du financement de sonmur .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity       donotabandonrojava .
yet another video confirming  barackobama had children detained  although there was a influx on unaccompanied child .
municipalidad veintisis de octubre  toma y daca  super lativa radio .
cardano  ada  cryptocurrency  blockchain technical details   next generation  ethereum  smartcontracts explained .
 hrkbenowen are daca children held responsible for being brought across our border illegally .
 kraventhern  cliff sims  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump wow  you really need to research  kids in cages pics ended .
 donaldjtrumpjr the democrats did the same with daca   realdonaldtrump offered it as a part of fully reforming immi .
 tonycuz  12 misfit  uf tiki  benshapiro yea they do  i m not making any of this up  you can google it  trump has t .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      long outlawed u s  .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  gavinnewsom a few months ago a woman in california lost her gym membership from .
daca eligible residents earned  23 4 billion and paid  2 2 billion in federal taxes  and nearly  1 8 billion in state and local taxes.
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      pro trade group ta .
 metallgurll  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti yikes  i grew up in northridge and granada hills  .
 suzanne54837213  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti the company i subsequently hi .
 donaldjtrumpjr i hope every minority  black person  hispanic  daca kid   amp  woman and any other believer in the libe .
horoscopul la scorpion ma face sa rad ca mereu zice ca are o persoana iubita chiar daca stim cu totii ca prostu asta e singur cuc.
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol lol.
 suzanne54837213  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti for some odd reason our const .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti they should have brought their own port a potty .
 no daca  mae50437678  fairimmigration that tropical island is looking better than ever .
 no daca is it just me or are the millennials over whiny individuals that tend to know everything  have the values .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity      borgen is everyt .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti even if they were free i woul .
 donaldjtrumpjr newa flash  us has trillions in debt   we cannot afford 2 take anymore illegals until we take care .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes pelosi is trying to stay relevant bypassing meaningless resolutions that have no effect .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti 300 is nothing for spring pla .
 no daca  theytukerrrjobs  metallgurll  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i thought that those plastic zip .
cuando tucres que ere   una  pineda   y resulta  que daca oballena.
 mediumgrace  kamalaharris  ilhanmn not to mention trump has proved time and again they stand for nothing when it c .
 no daca  reallatinotrump  gavinnewsom not interested in the mens locker rooms .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes  speakerpelosi  senschumer     fully fund your damned wall in exchange for daca  with l .
 no daca  reallatinotrump  gavinnewsom identify as female when you are male will get a reaction from me  i identify .
 irg99 rodrigo gonzales   are you even legal  bet your one of those daca kids lol  aka  dreamers.
federal appeals court rules against trump administration on daca   fox news .
 kamalaharris your party has divided the american citizens  all you do is talk  no action  you have done nothing wi .
 duty2warn in addition to  dementia  consider  misopedia  all kid related issues are negated  migrant kids  daca  s .
 qirlplzz my professor almost cried once when i discussed my daca experiences with a hard right moron  that recomme .
beto o rourke takes on fox s tucker carlson on daca  via  youtube.
aceasta doresc eu sa fac  daca intalnesc europa  vreau o tara pe care sa fac acest experiment .
 petebuttigieg i hope ur campaign  not a long list of free shit  we got a 26 trillion dollar debt repub party  repu .
remember  she was gonna move to canada  if trump won  amp  remember she said that everyone should take in 1 daca    my .
an immigration detainee  daca  fell into a coma and died at 27 while in ice custody  he lived in the usa since he w .
 realjack oh i see   not in my backyard huh cb  they want them in areas where illegal votes make a difference for t .
 rising serpent this was the year he changed the law on daca  amp  funnelled tax payer money towards legal fees for illegal immigrants .
 aae  podcasters  podcasts  podcastlife  podcast  poscast  poscasting  dreamer  dreamers  daca  minorityreport .
 old hippie56  walshfreedom the wall is something hes dreamed up as a lasting legacy of his greatness   stronger i .
 walshfreedom     or wouldn t those repbulicans have just screemed if obama went way beyond the constitution and us .
 othercarolb  thehrh excuse me  then why does the left use them and other poc as pawns   like we wont agree unless .
aceasta politica de investitie colosala ma obliga pe mine ca si tara sa apelez la rezerva federala a statului si ap .
 immortalbastard daca pra cortar umas cenas e o julgamento do jaime rolar so isso .
povestea unui tnr din romnia care a ajuns de la a munci pentru o felie de pine  la o afacere de peste 1 milion .
immigration law should have been corrected revised a decade ago    now  we see everyone playing the system and this .
 chocomintcandy   val7u7r  rollingthund3r   inotskywalker jack      se coloca toda su ropa y por ultimo su sombrero .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realpersonpltcs cher  what changed your mind         .
i think potus is channeling the late charles schulz   charlie brown  lucy  football  always falling for it    u want .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx 1  get real  he doesnt care abt any1 but himself  he cld have negotiated long ago w .
we showed up when they did the muslim ban  we showed up when they messed with daca  we showed up when they tried to .
in 2017 the federal  state and local taxes paid by immigrant households totaled 405 billion  daca eligible resident .
 penelope7usa  crazyassrev  annettegh86  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump had a great plan for immigtation  but .
 pattymurray what are you doing about the invasion taking place on our southern border  daca  the legal process to .
 latulip craig  realdonaldtrump well thats what trump offered the demorats and they said no we dont actually car .
 mitchellvii  erotao daca democrats always criticize america .
the new york dream act has been signed into law allowing undocumented students to become eligible for state financi .
just a lot of the daca expires  if i think she s been lonely  now i m one who s going back  i wake up.
we want to know your opinion on this latest threat from president trump     coimmigration    immigrants  immigration .
 urtubeyjm ustedes llaman acuerdo y consenso a la rosca y el toma y daca que rara vez pone el inters ciudadano por .
 michellemalkin so so wrong moron  no sanctuary for illegals period  not their children either  no daca  they have .
 foxnews daca is caca   noamnesty.
 gammaanon1  no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump yes   .
 cher your govenor  house reps and senators don t agree with you  remember california is all about bring in illegal .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump send them back if they don t quality to be here.
 lenny bruised  rgeorgedunn  realdonaldtrump sorry  i was assuming you were referring to the actual deal on the tab .
 realjameswoods is daca dead   what happens to 20 million illegals in this country   i miss when congress used to w .
 creation247  annettegh86  anncoulter nonsense  same can be said if they placed all those  foreign citizens  in non .
tu pegaria algum do daca    depende rs  mas chama a eme conta a quem    .
 jasoncann5  harvard2h  dancrenshawtx everyone knows this has nothing to do with  illegal immigration  but it has e .
 60minutes is being more politically correct  everyone is ignoring americans and legal immigrants came to this coun .
 thehill yes indeed the minute  donaldjtrump decides to use presidential power  much less abusive presidential powe .
poi iubi pe cineva pn la cer i napoi  dac acelei persoane nu i pas de tine i de sentimentele tale    nu o .
 blueeightysix dealing with all those already here  legal status  path to citizenship  or deportation for criminals .
these liberals in california have been virtue signaling for over two years regarding the plight of daca recipients .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes congress has not done anything for people who voted for them  it is sad folks   no f .
 jillibean557  loriinutah isnt that just like those dems     first they backed away from daca when  potus made an of .
how quickly  dnc members make a 180    just like daca dems will drop you like a rock  repjayapal .
the  thedemocrats stirred up daca but did nothing   thedemocrats stirred up illegals but don t want them in their c .
 patretsinas  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  60minutes some people have shorty memories   daca is obummers baby   backlash     .
daca tot nu m am culcat merge niste   gameofthrones.
 mollyjongfast  ilhanmn im in california   gavinnewsom should tell trump we will take them in exchange for a daca d .
 timrunshismouth she voted for all the democrats that have allowed this mess  she can put her money where her mouth .
 lenny bruised  rgeorgedunn  realdonaldtrump actually  it was trump that turned down the daca offer .
congress should do all these     stop  anchor babies   jus sanguini not jus soli    work visa system based on how many .
 achmatx pete thinks he s slick  he mentioned that daca children should feel  safe  in the us  he ain t say shit ab .
 walshfreedom why not   according to the house of representatives   there is no national emergency    should we ref .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  ilhan one of these days they are going to realize you are just using them as tools .
coming april 24  6 pm  join  rggonzales1 and  harvardlocal for a fantastic overview of where we stand now on immigr .
ntodeauna ma ntreb de ce pasarile stau la locul lor daca pot zbura oriunde  atunci ma ntreb si eu cam la fel .
 monlovchel  olemissrebelfan  cjones554  cher he has been trying to work with congress  he even went as far as say .
 rahma1776  biancajoanie thanks  here s the link  .
she sure is back pedaling now  .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti  theytukerrjobs   anyone can .
 freedomlovesme  philthadelphian  gofdenuf  foxnewssunday  presssec i still see him as  other   hes not romney  or .
todos os movimentos que o brasil esta tomando  twm boa sinalio de que o pais vai sai desta crise e volta a creser .
msnbcs mika brzezinski implied on wednesdays morning joe that president trump is signing bibles for volunteers .
 lie make  realdonaldtrump with respect daca is not a dnc rnc issue and it could have been settled when the rnc was .
simpozion i petrecere  de ziua internaional a rromilor  la brlad  politicienii  cum altfel dac nu alturi dee .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti my son and daughter in law went to visit her p .
 potus remember daca for  the wall deal tou turned down    looks pretty good now doesnt  stop pontificating and le .
 chemphd1990  realdonaldtrump i understand what you re saying  but the dems are using them as political pawns     y .
 cher i thought you said you were going to take them into your home  .
me after getting daca .
eleventh circuit ruled states have no obligation to admit illegal immigrants whether they are daca qualified or not .
doar dac intereseaz pe cineva  ct ne costa lunar  omul care distruge justiia din romnia .
cher destroys obnoxious twitter troll in defense of daca .
 senkamalaharris according to sarah sanders  bible  the poor  hungry  cold refugee   pawn  daca kid   poker chip  i .
              peing   .
 senkamalaharris lol this is what the dems have been doing with daca and border policy for decades.
 suzanne54837213  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i know it s a typo    i just .
veja imagens do festival em daca  bangladesh  que celebra ano novo em abril de 2018  .
obama signed daca on june 15  2012   he did it because he was being pressured by advocacy groups  even though many .
 teampelosi  moveon what about the pressing issues at the southern border  we are being invaded by 100000 foreigner .
i didn t even remotely think   oh  they re fighting the democratic party right now    i just thought they were tryi .
 cher is this the same cher who said then watch me bitch when someone expressed doubt that shed take daca people .
nu ne putem nelege ntre noi  cum s ne nelegem cu dumnezeu  dac noi nu i vorbim limba  p s  ai neles.
 cher so  cher  did you ever end up taking in  daca people  asking for a friend       .
this is why i dont trust white liberals  cher was all about save daca  take in dreamers literally months ago  .
 foxnewssunday  senatorcardin democrats want open borders so have another daca in 10 yrs  communist groups in chica .
harry reid s former deputy chief of staff talking about how we got daca .
 cher well cher first you have to admit that we have a problem   then solve the problem        end chain migration    asy .
 loulou3169  michaelmalice  swork47  cher daca recipient or more specifically young men and women who were brought .
its not true that democrats want open borders  in 2017 the dems offered trump  25 billion for his border wall in .
ce se va ntmpla cu romnia daca nu acionm cum trebuie pentru naiunea noastr de patrioi la timpul oportun .
  la guera transmitiendo en  radio rokas  yasmin harrison   daca wyoming dreamers .
 beeadeplorable  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  vp democrats have gone from supporting american work force to ille .
 jimmycsayz  vabvox  realdonaldtrump protect daca dreamers and he refused  he should probably learn to work with co .
 realdonaldtrump deal breaker who cries wolf       for 8 years gop blocked immigration reform   lest they give pres obama .
 no daca  fairimmigration  washtimes  aswoyer  lindseygrahamsc he was also working on an amnesty package for this influx of illegals.
 folha a opinio da erundina mostra como pensam os dinossauros da politica  relao do tomal dac   muito boa a si .
now cher is  magically  for americans    hey  cher   sonny needs company  alipac  frostywooldridg  fairimmigration .
 thealphazaida   jakeevian  haudhockeyfan  bakersfieldnow umm but your story was weak   it may have been believable .
dac nu m nelegei pe mine  nu l vei nelege pe dumnezeu .
nu ma sperie amenintarile interlopilor  nu sunt genul sa tac  sa fac pace  sa ma las cumparat  ori intimidat  razbo .
 rkroeter  realdonaldtrump about a year earlier that number was 25 billion in a comprehensive package that included .
 asharangappa   cuomoprimetime didnt your savior obama state since congress wouldnt change the immigration laws h .
 senjeffmerkley  realdonaldtrump is the 30  year old promised immigration reform rule that you democraps have been .
let me be clear     potus doesnt have to take these invaders to sanctuary cities  plenty of americans will route t .
el periodista  el pensador  el intelectual bruno fernndez daz y su seccin pensndolo mejor que el resto de las p .
 goodtwitty  prairiewindc  ap and   no wall   daca   no walmart  6 5b anl sub   no citizens untd   save usps   living wage   cap .
 lesliebattennd 0blamo did nothing but daca  he put kids in cages in 2014  not work done .
dac aa a fost s fie     .
 no daca  metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti deport the parents  it is a law .
 ilhanmn it s not the job of the  administration  to pass immigration reform  it s congress   this has been a failu .
 diaper777  ghostoftick  foundone14  imvala  franceshogg4  penblogger  amandad85547309  provdcrumblover .
dac tot trebuie s lupi  lupt i tu cu unii puternici i cu poten  nu cu cei slabi  atunci pui n eviden adevrata ta valoare .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti typo.
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti the police do random checks on workers status .
i let plies get that dope they gon  catch an invite  i don t want it  i ll post but the daca if it s.
 no daca  gladys99  realdonaldtrump dems are playing games but they think our side must play by their rules in a rigged game .
never forget    .
nu mai ateptai s vin mesia  nu mai este acelai scenariu  c dac ar fi i ce i mai nenorocii oameni i inclus .
  jakeevian  jamie hail  haudhockeyfan  bakersfieldnow something happened to me   csub  amp  this person started commen .
 tallahfortrump the hypocrisy of it  its concern how they treat causes as flavors of the month   since presidenc .
 ithebunny  patrickrandall  squirellsrnutz  firebagger  bossmanghazan  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 by the .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti should have reported them .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol thanks.
 realmagasteve  jbirlem03  michellemalkin if daca can be by executive order why cant president trump do the same for reversal .
ur statement that trump responsible for current immigration issues shows urdisengenuous obama illegally created dac .
 mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews end daca  no amnesty  end anchor babies  end chain migrati .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti wow 300  sooo much  well why didn .
sarah sanders  transferring undocumented immigrants to sanctuary cities is an option on the table   breitbart .
dac vine voi ce faceti  dai din coad sau dumnezeu muncete n locul nostru i noi stam la televizor .
daca cer o zi de rasfat oare cer prea mult      intreb pt un prieten .
 meetthepress  jayinslee its the democrats   they refused to do anything knowing theres a real crisis   when trum .
 lil brown bat  pacmanface8  adamcbest .
 bentleyesghost  hdb yee  cherijacobus  realdonaldtrump so what  he doesnt have to give them  he gave his reason  .
 h0memadetweets  no daca  shaktifortrump  realdonaldtrump you have my vote  the dems were freaking out  lol.
 dawnb450  no daca  thomasschaublin  realdonaldtrump oh yea .
 ithebunny  patrickrandall  squirellsrnutz  firebagger  bossmanghazan  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 why do .
 walshfreedom dems care  amp  we care a lot       dems tackled immigration reform 5 years ago  amp  repubs blew it up       dems tr .
 leereederups  donaldjtrumpjr  speakerpelosi ironic that the dems turned their back on daca .
 daca eligible residents earned  23 4 billion and paid  2 2 billion in federal taxes  and nearly  1 8 billion in st .
 michaelmalice  stclairashley  cher  cher forgets  majority of these  daca  kids  are in their 20s    since  obama .
 no daca  bentnwasted  realdonaldtrump send noncitizens  who are here illegally  to a secured location to await the .
 ezabeljr  axlsgirl13  leahmcelrath  radiofreetom  speakerpelosi  jorge aguilardc  housedemocrats which of the foll .
 no daca  jaychpjones  realdonaldtrump close the border  get our country in order and go from there  if the border .
 daca mama  pasazot  gosn gile  radelocki  je sisa                    .
 no daca  jaychpjones  realdonaldtrump while i totally understand why he wants to  its very scary for those of us .
 no daca  fairimmigration  realdonaldtrump it has yet to be proven an 8 u s c  1185 a  1  restriction trumps  the .
 catgideon it looks like president trump keeps offering them what they claim to want   then they prove they were al .
 beanstown106  cher trump shut it down he needs to offer up a scapegoat for all of our ills .
 adrianpapahagi i totui  legea numerelor mari din teoria probabilitii  numit de unii destin  ar putea afecta  .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti btw  i m not talking to you anyways  .
 tedlieu  presssec  potus  realdonaldtrump you re a disgrace to the south bay  work with the president on daca refo .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i m 49 you twerp  and we had .
muchas gracias  perfilcom por citar toma y daca como fuente de la nota a  costaaugusto9 sobre el relanzamiento de p .
gracias  lanoticia1 por dar cuenta de la entrevista que ayer le hicimos a  costaaugusto9 en toma y daca  .
vorbii de dumnezeu ca de un necunoscut   din poveti dac ai ti ceva despre dumnezeu nu ai st pe scaun   .
 mariecr68325778  dutchriekie um  he literally ordered it   even people here with some form of legal status are on .
 foreverlogical  realdonaldtrump crept for offering a deal on daca which thr dems wanted nothing to do with.
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti this has to be the dumbest me .
 yahoonews it will be when  realdonaldtrump get s rid of daca and they re ability to send money to  mexico.
 jimmycsayz  squirellsrnutz  firebagger  bossmanghazan  patrickrandall  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 trump .
dac e s lsm telenovela biblic  ce a vrut dumnezeu s transmit prin piesa de teatru divin .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lmao i bet your like 60   omg the .
salopeta 17848  ce poate fi mai potrivit pentru o petrecere daca nu o salopeta scurta ciclam .
 illegalsanctuary funny how the dems continue spinning trump s possible plan to send illegal detainees to sanctuary .
 adosfirstandonly illegals are getting their money  by  democrats party as long as  ados is a registered democrat v .
 debbiem9 the illegals are getting their money  by the democrats party     as long as  ados is a registered democra .
i always found it astonishing how nobody seems to be concerned that we have a healthcare law that is unconstitution .
 fbaparty hq the illegals are getting their money  by the democrats party     as long as  ados is a registered demo .
the illegals are getting their money  by the democrats party as long as  ados is a registered democrat voter for da .
 suzanne54837213  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i hired a roofing company  no .
am si eu o ntrebare pentru preoi  dac vinovatului i se iart pcatele  victimei ce i se d  c unul primete ceva i cellalt nimic   .
 sandydarity  tonetalks  breakingbrown  kwcosby  ados101  blklivesmatter the illegals are getting their money  by t .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti youtube video    you trump suppor .
 lionorder19  marwilliamson the illegals are getting their money  by the democrats party     as long as  ados is a .
join  afsc org and tell congress  protect  tps   ded  and  daca and create a roadmap to citizenship for all immigra .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol anyone can explain a plan.
daca recipient tells sen  gillibrand she fears being deported  to a country that i barely know  .
 no daca  fairimmigration that meme has no verifiable information  the un convention and protocol has no first coun .
 maxshoto   bobdevereux the illegals are getting their money by the democrats party     as long as  ados is a regis .
dac nu putei ajuta cu bani  va rugam sa distribuiti  vldu are nevoie urgent de ajutor  la doar 6 ani  a fost d .
 no daca  jaychpjones  realdonaldtrump i support this move but i want reform and a wall  .
 asharangappa   cuomoprimetime remind me what you said when obama launched daca and dapa.
 fall out nv  aaronjcarpenter for people that really dont like daca they sure are eager to realistically expand da .
one study  leveraging the quasi random assignment of daca eligibility based on birthdate  identified causal evidenc .
i actually tried to get guy legal  i really wanted to hire him  ethical  reliable  caring man  well spoken  intelli .
 ados  reparations for coming to america illegally  the dream act will cost an estimated  27 million  the democrats .
 slate now do daca .
 donaldjtrumpjr  speakerpelosi nervous nancy cant even stand up daca kids  watch .
 mitchellvii daca  democrats always corrupting america.
 dorimuetz  mitchellvii daca.
 sarcastiqant daca imi schimb gusturile muzicale ma ajuti  .
so now the dems have come out against daca  amnesty  wanting illegals  and now defending terrorists    what have i .
 cdmossm  clearbl62788804  exavierpope i m willing  as was trump  to let the daca kids have a path to citizenship  .
deutche welle nterzis n venezuela  dac ai trecut peste  venezuela este ara aia la cinci ani n fa  .
 realdonaldtrump  sebgorka change the laws that affect the illegals crossing the border  but do not allow amnesty f .
sau poti sa corectezi tweet ul si sa stergi acel fata ca esti terminat a daca faci asta oricum mai ales daca nu a .
salutari fratilor      b mare lucru nu am ce spune despre videoclip e low budget fac ce imi place si mi se rupe desp .
daca recipient tells sen  gillibrand she fears being deported  to a country that i barely know  .
 divajval  petebuttigieg the only reason you don t know about this is because  edbuck is a big democrat donor    .
 proud1patriot  juliereichwein1 while lindsey has done a much better job since kavanaugh hearing   he is obsessed p .
 trueeyethespy  lindseygrahamsc i hope that doesnt include citizenship for daca  i work with some of them  amp  theyr .
 cnn avoid prison time with a hefty donation to  daca .
 nydiavelazquez unlike current 800k daca recipients since i didn t come before 2008  i was never qualified for daca .
 saracarterdc  lindseygrahamsc  mariabartiromo sen graham better not include amnesty for daca in his plan  congress .
sole solution    daca aveti picioare uscate cronic  cu bataturi aveti nevoie de un produs care    .
 mohneaaa sincer eti superb  scz dac suna ciudat.
 worldnetdaily just like the poor daca refugees that the dems left high and dry when they were no longer useful  th .
 superpatriotone some have been arrested in texas as well    it happens all over america    msm never reports it      depor .
 usessimpletools  scottadamssays 2 3 majority in house is a lie  i think you mean senate  and if the wall was such .
 ilhanmn congress is the body of government that creates legislation   president trump has already offer daca for i .
gigi becali  nemultumit dupa egalul dintre cfr cluj si fcsb  daca jucau la victorie  ne bateau de neuscau .
 no daca  amarcherrunge1 she is truly amazing  amp  you can t  trump that   blexit   victorious  the  realcandaceo story   .
 bamafanaticfan1  veriphile  realdonaldtrump daca kids shouldn t have to pay for the crimes of their parents    doe .
 alexutunr1 daca au frisoane dc nu se duc acs         .
coae am gasit cacatu asta pe contu meu de spotify nuj cum se foloseste da faceti cum vreti cu el daca vreti  .
antrenorul campioanei  nemulumit     gt  gt   .
 cher .
a group of 350 migrants break guatemalan border gate and push past police en route to the us .
 singurul mare antrenor din romania e hagi         becali  indragostit de ianis  se duce sa danseze cu el in vestiar da .
 ryanafournier they don t want them now because they can t use them just like they didn t help daca kids  when pres .
 twood tweets  jeff j402  afewcrayons  kellie aggie 92  davidhogg111  realdonaldtrump  ilhan daca recipients go to .
 cassandrarules not your primary issue but      i unfollowed  realdonaldtrump  amp   potus the first time he tweeted abou .
 ghostoftick  imvala  franceshogg4  foundone14  penblogger  amandad85547309  provdcrumblover  leonwhi63670221 .
 nypost obama daca was lawless  amp  sanctuary city state status is lawless so now i guess democrats see the err of the .
gigi becali  nemultumit dupa egalul dintre cfr cluj si fcsb   daca jucau la victorie  ne bateau de ne uscau  .
 imwatchingtoo  sunshinelk10  pokerqueen1215  alanalda  smile  sweetly ellis island is closed  there is no  line   .
 charliekirk11 dems could get a deal on daca if they wanted  they want a wedge issue for 20 and theyll have it .
 charliekirk11  donaldjtrumpjr  tpusa trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop .
decenas de beneficiarios de daca y miembros de  lulac  trabajan en una propuesta que entregaran a legisladores dem .
ce a fcut marii fotbaliti ai  fcsb dac nu au tras niciun ut pe poart n 90min    amatori.
marele miting psd  dac o mtur candideaz de la psd  mtura aia o votez        psdragnea distruge  romnia  .
dar smbt ce avea dac l deschideau  .
 silviufoca  angelll2018 daca durerea de cap de la combinatia bere brandy vin rosu trece cu algocalmin       .
v mai amintii de filmul francez mama  tata  bona i eu  dac nu  citii  mama  tticu  blaga i eu    .
 omgdaveshere  realdonaldtrump did we forget that he offered to give them daca to end the shutdown  but they refuse .
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
 therealjkm8  bluedotdoc  gallagherdan07  mayorjenny democrats for years wanted a border wall or so thay said  its .
 cbsnews oh  he doesn t want them now   whoa  another daca fiasco  dems had a generous offer from  potus go take ca .
 jimmycsayz  vabvox  realdonaldtrump democrats to find a common ground solution  he only wants solutions that keep .
  ireallydontcare      trump s legacy for history  congrats  magats       pedro pardo  worldpressphoto 2019       migrations .
 radusmall dar daca nu te trezesti  mai faci pipi .
 annettegh86 you know what is more bizarre  democrats using illegal aliens for their political means  like daca the .
s ar putea sa fii roman daca .
 presssec  you sarah huckabee are an idiot   go back and listen to your answers to george   trump can t do anything .
 tacicadau dac nu l desfaceam eu cu talent   .
daca ma trezesc la noapte sa fac pipi   oare mai adorm la loc .
ending daca without comprehensive immigration reform is wrong .
 facethenation  corybooker  realdonaldtrump  margbrennan isnt that like saying opposite of what you have been gasin .
daca recipient tells sen  gillibrand she fears being deported  to a country that i barely know  .
 mohneaaa cam asta zic  la 3 ma refeream strict la oameni care le fac rau altora intentionat  constient pt ca stiu .
 bhm     fba  ados  tangibles2020      daca recipients       1  mexico  548 000  79    2  el salvador  26 900    3  guatemala  17 .
momo  numrul meu preferat e 6      dahyun  al meu 9  dac le punem mpreun iese          jihyo  nu  va rog  nu      sana  tiu eu  tiu eu  15 .
 chreqs nu tiu dac in att de mult de bun sim sincer chiar vreau sa cred c sunt o persoana cu bun simt n gene .
 chreqs nu tiu dac sa m simt uurat c nu m crezi o persoana napa sau sa m ngrijoreze faptul c tiu c sunt .
 silicasun  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
 victore64933334  keyboardriot dac v temei  nu venii la guvernare    s dai vina pe trecut e cel mai uor mod n .
 no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump no mexico is where they belong because they let them come all the way through  .
 dac vrei sa vezi caracterul adevrat al cuiva  d i putere  sau doar iluzia puterii    .
 joyfuiiness ce universitate  scuze dac ai mai spus i n am bgat de seam    .
 claudiupandaru doar dac faci sondaj direct pe twitter  nu pui linkuri spre alte reele .
 clskinsfan  mlipps21  judgejeanine  dbongino dems have proposed at least 6 bills   they offered trump 25 billion i .
 silicasun  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley  teuta metra .
 no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump i say deport all  close the border  change laws and fix loop holes  add more .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti what s a   yvideo   .
fr s mi dau seama  mi am luat liber n ziua premierei  got  i pot s l vd cu noaptea n cap  aadar  dac mi  .
viaa e chestia aia unde toi i spun     zmbete  i cnd ncepi s zmbeti  apare un nebun i zice    f  fir ai .
 ciubotariu dan  keyboardriot  victore64933334 nu toata lumea e specialista  dar se poate informa       daca dupa 10 an .
 calltoactivism people on food stamp   handicapped   africans  the shit hole country ones    californians   canadians   thers .
nastacuta iuga priceasna  daca n ai fi tu  iisuse .
produsul nostru vedeta  pastadedintipentrualbire    daca o doresti si tu cu  reducere 25  si    .
 thejenn999  no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump or in all the million dollar neighborhoods of california like at .
 noodles0514 daca scrii in romana nu stiu cati vor intelege.
ce naspa e sa ai parul drept ca daca l prinzi in coada sau coc nu mai e drept   e in valuri      .
 artacevedo i respectfully disagree on the  both sides  part  democrats worked with counterparts to develop immigra .
oc  dac este condamnat  ccr nu l mai poate ajuta pe dragnea  amnunte incendiare  .
 suzanne54837213  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti well i certainly do no know w .
 mohneaaa  chreqs  daryuzjesus666 ba daca tot ne am adunat aici sa mi dai i mie like zic va pup i va iubesc adevarat.
 robertvt22  skatecat 147 daca macar l ar fi placut fizic altfel ar fost acum povestea .
acetona e buna la ters orice  urme de pix pete negreala  amintiri cu foti prieteni daca bei destul   recomand.
dac tu ai disprea   i din rsu mi  i din plnsu mi    te a pstra n mintea mea    te a zidi n mine nsumi   nichita stnescu  .
 fairimmigration  thehill  rachelfrazin thank god we need to stop the invasion obama was allowed to go against law .
daca voi avea o fata         dac voi avea o fat  m voi asigura c tie ct de mult o iubesc  c sunt acolo pentru e .
 no daca  rstorms123  realdonaldtrump i prefer send them back but if we must send them somewhere  sanctuary cities makes sense to me .
i have to put together a presentation on financial aid for daca students by thursday.
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti oh okay it s a fake computer .
pai cum sa nu te fac ma ratata din moment ce iti ofer toata atentia din lume ca tu sa imi spui bff sau ce mi ar .
 fii darnic in ziua de astazi cei mai de succes oameni sunt cei care dau  cei care isi ajuta semenii  daca incepi s .
 no daca  thomasschaublin  realdonaldtrump i think they need to be shoved in all states voting democrat especially .
 keyboardriot dac asta ai neles  nseamn c poi pleca linitit  .
 uita te in ochii oamenilor  contactul vizual nu trebuie sa dureze nici prea putin  dar nici prea mult  daca rupi c .
 ruggiere l  no daca  realdonaldtrump drop them outside if pelosi mansion .
adicaaa daca tot insistati  .
 b roobert ba in general nu mi se pare normal sa te iei de aspectul fizic al cuiva dar asta atunci cnd nu au nimic .
doamnelor sa stiti ca nu ma deranjeaza deloc daca ati trimite booty pics pe ig  tufis andrei05 sau pe snap  bushlovesyou.
 grimmgeek  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump he offered a temporary solution  even daca people saw it for the sham it was .
i suggested program years ago when everyone who wanted to should hv a legal way to sponsor daca recipients  take to .
 cqldspring  hai ca aa e ce fac dac sunt copil privilegiat i am sap altfel in primvara.
is  realdonaldtrump a vindictive lunatic    just a  rhetorical question  of course         lindseygrahamsc .
 keeneydave419  realdonaldtrump yet again you need to educate yourself laws followed were implemented under obama a .
visul erotic al unui taran reje analfabet   sa si vada prostul urcat in slavi si pentru asta e in stare de orice pr .
 ovisirb telenovela mea favorita cu dragoni  dar nu stiu daca e pe gustul tau .
 ldonahuehjelle  thiafinart i think of the environment  daca  migrants  the ridiculous tax bill and the supreme cou .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump send them back.
 mylutin stize daa panti .
atentie  soferi  ce trebuie sa stiti despre rovinieta daca plecati la drum .
 victore64933334 parc i la concursurile interne ale actorilor notri se dau multe premii    dac particip 1000 la .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i do need glasses however i am no .
 no daca  nususan1  realdonaldtrump my first choice would be deport deport deport         .
 heyitscarolyn  tysusej3 these people need taken out of our country  they should have never been brought here  and .
are cineva idee dac ncepe sezon nou de la vreun serial mine .
 no daca  shaktifortrump  realdonaldtrump president trump did a great job at showing the hypocrisy of the left  whe .
chiar dac este un aspect cruia nu i oferim att de mult atenie  igiena nazal este extrem de important pentru .
 cagchurchro amin  numai hristos poate rosti adevrul i ne d adevrul vieii  dac ascultm adevrul  dar nu l cu .
 robertvt22  remusstefan72 aha  deci daca ating usor pe cineva asta inseamna ca l gadil .
dac digi i telekom aveau coae  urmtorul meci cfr   fcsb era dat gratis la  rra  bonus  adus ilie dobre din pensie s comenteze  suspans.
 no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump deport all illegal immigrants  .
 nickponticello and daca.
 no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump it would serve them right to have to bear some of the cost of the immigration .
 mohneaaa  chreqs  daryuzjesus666 si daca nu mi place    .
 jennybookseller that is the true value of immigration that works  trump s path to citizenship for daca an other im .
s vedem dac politia rutiera din vaslui ia exemplul i dac reuete s aplice legea sau continu s mearg m      .
 no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump i also like that they won t be swaying  republican state city votes  which wa .
 realdonaldtrump you had your chance to get the wall and help the daca people and you blew it     .
 chucktodd today was wildly crossing that  objectivity  line and full on attack advocacy  tump offered huge daca de .
 andreitufis1 i tu eti inclus chiar dac nu te cunosc  pari simpatic.
 appropsdems  nitalowey  repdavideprice  repjoseserrano  rosadelauro  repmarcykaptur  repmikequigley  sanfordbishop .
 no daca  rodstryker  realdonaldtrump trump was calling their bluff and showed theyre a bunch of hypocrites.
cnd unui om i pas cu adevrat de tine va veni fr s l chemi  te va lua n brae fr s i o ceri i nu te ar .
oare m mai ncadrez n hommo sapiens dac nu am vzut nici un minut din got     nuntrebpentruunprieten.
daca recipient tells sen  gillibrand she fears being deported to a country that i barely know .
fetelor  voi vedei ca fata voastr arat ca un perete  e atat de mult var acolo  ca dac te uii din profil  e mrita cu 10 cm .
 navstadt so what  did donnie kill off funding to planned parenthood  did he sign an executive order against  daca  .
 farmalgare no debe haber consecuencia ninguna si no  sera un toma y daca  eso no es bueno para nadie.
dac are snge n instalaie  acu ar trebui sa arate teja .
 hrtablaze  realdark kent and somehow  just a few short years ago  2014   in a galaxy far  far away             you can .
 speakerpelosi  karaswisher  recode 100 days  no daca.
 aoc   taxreturns  people are dying   democrats are using  daca as pawns  and  immigrant lives as sacrificial lambs .
 marmotadecampie  silviufoca  ipostaze daca o urmaresc  nu inseamna ca si fac  doh  vad  culeg  trec mai departe  p .
  cararea intr o parte poate echilibra trasaturile fetei si evidentia partea mai frumoasa a fetei mai ales daca ai .
1 pentru fata ovala      ti se potriveste orice tip de carare  insa cel mai bine incearca cararea intr o parte pe cen .
 dke5dp0jkoxu85x  teteda04 putem discuta dac nu te superi .
cred ca cel mai interesant lucru la cfr   fcsb ar fi pauza  daca televiziunile ar fi lasate sa filmeze.
 no daca  tillinghastpat1  realdonaldtrump keep them out  send them home   only reason he said it was to prove his .
tu ce ai prin baie      dac nvei chimie  atunci cnd citeti ingredientele  schimb le          sanatate .
 ryancol98669386  grahambishopp  realdonaldtrump  themasters  tigerwoods taking someone to another country against .
fetelor  daca suntei grase nu nseamn  ca avei forme    .
 realdonaldtrump democrats can t do anything as long as mitch mcconnell continues to obstruct them and you are will .
 hartes geld  dfakenews1 eine mauer sehe ich bisher nicht  keine aufhebung von daca  weder begrenzung legaler noch .
  ireallydontcare  do u     true  trump s legacy for history  congrats  magats       john moore  worldpressphoto   winner  .
 walshfreedom he s the president  democrats tried to give him 25 million for a wall and daca  miller said no .
 maseratigigi  joyfulnoyz  sandydarity  senbooker  tonetalks  breakingbrown  kwcosby  ncobra40  kamm29207971 .
traian bsescu  despre kovesi  dac eram inteligeni am fi lsat numirea unui romn ntr o funcie de vrf a ue .
 kevinja25494237  immigrationfac2  whitehouse that s funny trump isn t going to give amnesty to anyone  nobody s gi .
hello  dac faci cumprturi pe net  testeaz aplicaia beez  f i cont aici   cod promo  ks2n2j primeti i tu 10.
 nicuuu13 unii jucatori  gen man sau deac incearca  dar daca nu au cu cine  ce sa faca si ei .
no deal on daca immigration    no deal on health care    no deal on gun control    no deal on spending cuts    no deal .
dan petrescu  am fost mai buni  puteam ctiga dac marcam toat ocazia pe care am avut o  burscucisme.
las m pe mine s njur i fii tu aia care nu njur c dac i zice cineva ceva faci mai ru dect un cine turb .
 domnioar  suntei din alt film  ce naiba      dragnea i a pierdut cumptul la finalul mitingului de la craiova .
stand up to to trump and his racist attacks       support a  daca recipient today   .
daca  unirea s a fcut sun semnul coroanei regale   de de nu am face i acum unirea alaturi de asr prinul nicolae .
 adriano qld  cristian danpop dar cum sa fie pen daca astia nu ajung in careu   nea istvan  poate inventezi ceva        derbydeplictiseala.
also 2  dac vii cu maina la meci  ar trebui s te oblige s dai 10 ture de teren nainte s urci n tribune  d jos burta i tencuiala .
vicepreedinte al parlamentului european  despre nghearea relaiei pes psd  dac nu e n statut  nu nseamn c .
 gregoriomeraz1  gop  dnc thats incorrect    trump not only offered legal status to the 800 000 dreamers now in the .
descoperirea ocant fcut n oceanul pacific arat c omenirea nu mai are nicio ans s supravieuiasc  dac nu .
10 vrei sa ti dai seama daca perlele din colierul tau sunt autentice  trebuie sa le freci de dinti perlele false su .
 saracarterdc  lindseygrahamsc  mariabartiromo and we need them without trade offs  deals   of any kind   just what .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  realdonaldtrump you re so right .
food test mishi mishi   sushi all you can eat   restaurant japonez   am testat restaurantul mishi mishi in sistem m .
 citibe  maddow daca was ok for an executive order though  the democrats will never vote for anything president tru .
dac ai un animal de companie  joaca te cu el   fa i parul   cutai haine ca sa ii faci outfituri   dormi.
 politico and when you were in control and there was a possible deal on immigration daca  who stopped it from going .
 o persoana sanatoasa poate bea chiar si 12 litri de apa pe zi     daca bei prea multa apa intr un interval scurt  te .
dac te gndeti la ru  rul va veni  dac te gndeti la bine  binele va veni .
dac te gndeti la ru  rul va veni  dac te gndeti la bine  binele va veni .
pn la urma  zeteam official nu a venit la dezbaterile cu  poroshenko  n cteva zile aflm dac aceast micare a .
daca va lipseste motivaia        .
 politico sorry  mitch  ending all immigration except h 1b visas  deporting daca kids   amp  building a  30 million wal .
 ruggiere l  no daca  realdonaldtrump if we let people pile up in mexico they will have to feed them  i say stop ev .
tu nu iei din cas dac nu ai 3 feluri de fond de ten pe fa i zici de altele c s urte  gen wtf.
ilie poenaru  chiar dac e o echip tnr  pandurii e o echip agresiv i cred c se va .
 stirileprotv dac 10 ani a durat ca sa se semneze un contract nu vreau sa ma gandesc cat o sa dureze construcia .
 no daca  fairimmigration border residents are the ones that can stop this stuff  their property is being devalued  .
dac asculi bag un blunt nu eti smecher frt.
de ce nu poti folosi cauciicuri de vara pe timp de vara  daca sunt tocite  .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump if they re not put back on the mexican side of the border  this problem will continue to .
 blackwidow1928  magagwen  realdonaldtrump legal immigrants like me received nothing from our government   nothing  .
why are people still profiting on the pain of others  if you have no clue what something actually means or feels  y .
 cagchurchro domnul isus a spus  la miezul nopii a rsunat un strigt  iat mirele  ieii i n ntmpinare  ma .
 silicasun  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley  teuta metra .
 vin mistry  doubled2k15  sonnyblaq70  jimkilbane  realdonaldtrump tell that to your leaders   the dems had a chanc .
can we please lock paul ryan up for life for treason  for attempting to give away our sovereignty       he s such an ig .
pai daca e fudul  .
 glennawplg  edpozz  repteddeutch  nancyancrum  timpadgett2  wplglocal10 he also voted nay on hr 6136 on 6 27 18 th .
 tarrieduke  speakerpelosi  usafricacommand  us eucom 1  nancy pelosi h8ts god  she serves satan  amp  his anti america .
 thorul 2 2 daca joaca 3 zile    numai cu 3 pen si un autogol se poate ajunge acolo  facepalm  derbycfrfcsbplm.
 silicasun  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
 petrechm dac putei s nelegei esena dincolo de o interpretare obinuit  este ok  dac nu putei  nu i bai  .
drafii mei prieteni       evenimentul de terapie din 11 mai 219 este un eveniment si pentru adulti dar si pentru copii  .
 silicasun  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
 urmytaer  bts twt ce te ai face de rs dac i ar vedea mesajul    sjskkskjskjsk.
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lmao i can tag you on fake yvideos too.
 glennawplg  edpozz  repteddeutch  nancyancrum  timpadgett2  wplglocal10 he votednayon hr 4760 and it failed 193  .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lmao and no one gives a rats ass about your opinion.
 thehill is there a bill to resolve the crisis at the border  no  because neither side actually wants to solve a pr .
my gardener deserves the better life he sought here in u s   the one  ostensibly  available to all citizens who w .
daca m ai aud o data gluma ca mi am rupt incheietura de la prea multa laba va omor pe toti.
reacia vicepreedintelui parlamentului european pe tema pes vs psd .
 realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods reading rick reillys book about your golf game        when it comes to golf  youre a che .
 dragoviceva  daca mama  gosn gile on jeste   zato tavorimo.
daca esti rau te uratesti.
 from the sound of things  we have two sides arguing when theyre actually in complete agreement   .
 rachelmcgonagi1  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump he is willing to negotiate but dems could give a damn about daca .
 posiestopaz characters played by trans actors  they talk a lot about daca in later seasons too and its a show abo .
california has sued the trump administration 9 times on immigration  nine times       they include  opposition to the .
 bitatgjiu70 am sa parasesc twtr daca se va intampla asta .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  aswoyer no person who claimed asylum and skipped out on final hearing in last 5 years .
am fost azi in teleorman  resedinta de suflet a  psd  rosiori de vede   pozele vorbesc de la sine  daca tot vin ale .
 viradourob13 isso daca ta de tt kkk.
daca has encouraged illegal immigration of minors  no question  if republicans agree to reward illegal immigration .
 cagchurchro dac nu ar fi dumnezeu atotputernic s dezvluie aceste concepii i imaginaii  probabil a mai atepta s merg n ceruri .
if your  daca expires before the year 2020  you should renew now   heretostay      check our resources here  .
 tribelaw please     daca was way worse   the iran deal was way worse   fast and furiys was way worse  the irs scandal was way worse .
dac dau tia legile de graiere i amnistie plec ntunisia  .
daca stai cu picioarele pe napoli si capul in vienna  poti sa ti bagi pl in zadar.
 daca mama  gosn gile meni ide  vama ako se ne svia vi preskoite  poyyy.
 trosmislen tano .
 blesa blesica  gosn gile nije nita loe samo to po mom miljenju ne ide uz pravoslavlje  ak je i u .
 i pay taxes      so what   immigrants  daca  forthepeople .
cel mai bun ceas cu alarm din lume e mama ta  dac o rogi s te trezeasc la 7  te va trezi la 6 spunnd c e 8 .
 petrechm dac cineva are o prere diferit de a dumneavoastr  nu nseamn c este o percepie greit .
 ithebunny  firebagger  bossmanghazan  patrickrandall  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 they rejected it  they .
 ithebunny  firebagger  bossmanghazan  patrickrandall  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 .
 jimmycsayz  ithebunny  firebagger  bossmanghazan  patrickrandall  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 .
 grimmgeek  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump or maybe you mean the other bipartisan bills trump refused to consider .
 patrickrandall  covfeferosa  ithebunny  firebagger  bossmanghazan  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 .
 l0ve jo  cynicalseraph69  feel nxthing   apathyart  kalifromdavalli should be more worried bout getting job for that daca permit.
i dont want you to feel bad for me  yes sympathize with my situation  but most importantly learn to empathize with .
 pattikat44  jackposobiec dems through sick kids under bus over military funding  blacks were put on back burn for .
 cagchurchro lucrarea lui dumnezeu sa extins n ntreaga lume  dac nu ascultm  nu privim i nu cutm  nu este n .
 bitatgjiu70 daca te iei dupa cap  o sa ramai singur   .
 realdonaldtrump  barackobama created daca for illegals immigrants  so why  realdonaldtrump does not create new law .
 grimmgeek  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump this bipartisan deal from a year ago  where trump was offered full fun .
 msnbc  daca.
 krassenstein  xspixels  realdonaldtrump you mean exactly like how the democrats used daca        for years they cl .
 mihaihristea  balarii daca si preturile ar scadea  ce bine ar fi .
 donthecon  trumpeters  trump  trumpmeme   flotus  potus  daca  takeaknee  donaldtrumpmemes  climatechange .
 isbj0rn  rsmihai nu mi permiteam s disturb dac nu tiam c tonul e unul de amicitate.
 patrickrandall  covfeferosa  ithebunny  firebagger  bossmanghazan  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 obama did .
degeaba eti biat dac la coal treci pe lng mine i dup m faci n toate felurile psric .
yg  nu am timp acum  dac vrei s spui ceva  propoziia trebuie s fie de 4 cuvinte maxim      jisoo   numr pe degete .
  andra      chiar daca personalitatea unui om e cel mai minunat lucru.
 alwaysdobetter you need to go back further  .
buna tuturor  niste parinti ma ntreab daca stiu pe cineva care poate dona  vinde un crucior adaptat  copilaul a .
 concernedinpv  cindipeepee  thehill ah   self reporting by less than 1  of the daca illegal aliens       not a valid s .
4 oamenii care rd la glume proaste este poaibil sa fie nchisi in interior   5 daca ai un crush de peste 4 luni se poate considera iubire.
 phildeckard  steph93065  karennyere  cusesoccer23  laura co 9  nat just nat  aoc  ilhanmn  holocaustmuseum with al .
 no daca  fairimmigration that first one will never happen as its a violation of 8 u s c   1185 a  1  which requi .
ioan mircea pacu  despre nghearea relaiei pes psd  dac nu e n statut  nu nseamn .
 concernedinpv  cindipeepee  thehill while all the daca illegal aliens are illegal aliens not all illegal aliens ar .
 micin taja jel posna daa  zna li ko  pitam za miu.
 brickrock3 i know all about negotiating  trump offered daca amnesty  they came back with a low ball offer  they sa .
ce se poate ntmpla pescena politic dac dragnea va intra la pucrie .
 concernedinpv  cindipeepee  thehill learn to read and comprehend english        in one tweet i said illegal aliens hav .
 tompain03997914  cindipeepee  thehill .
 pattikat44  jackposobiec this is no different really than what he did with daca  he provided pathway to legalizati .
 suzanne54837213  no daca  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti these radical dems have a sin .
daca is a fine tuned machine .
daca faci sport si nu numai  asta e de luat in calcul    .
 zapadtodorovic oe biti posna daa .
ce se poate ntmpla pescena politic dac dragnea va intra la pucrie  .
you can t threaten somebody with something they are not afraid of              deplorable  qanon .
 rachelmcgonagi1  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump wow  you have been living in a cnn land  trump has tried to get .
cum poi zbura dac nu ai primit aripi       poi lupta pentru ele cu ajutorul hope and homes for children      la a .
 radelocki  gosn gile  pasazot  je sisa ta da itam sporije vidim da lepe etikete samo pitam na osnovu ega poto .
vicepreedinte al parlamentului european  despre nghearea relaiei pes psd  dac nu e n statut  nu nseamn c .
 ilhanmn amazing how daca isnt a democratic priority any more isnt it  .
escandaloso toma y daca con empresa del club odebrecht .
 senatorcardin democrats are using  daca as pawns  and  immigrant lives as sacrificial lambs   humantrafficking kil .
 tonetalks  corybooker exactly the white elite  sipping on tea  hailing me too  daca  lets go biden   all the .
dac optai pentru paaportul simplu electronic  prezena copilului este obligatorie  iar dac minorul are peste 12 .
 covfeferosa  ithebunny  squirellsrnutz  firebagger  bossmanghazan  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 and when .
 manga daca ubise vas javne kamere.
 manga daca .
s fii printe nu este o meserie uoar  dar dac ai simul umorului  poi mprti din experiena ta prin nite t .
 evagolinger si te preocupan tanto los nios date u a vuelta por las calles de los palos grandes y sabana grande en .
dac nu putei ajuta cu bani  va rugam sa distribuiti  vldu are nevoie urgent de ajutor  la doar 6 ani  a fost d .
si daca tot vorbim de samira  sa ne uitam la ea si pe negru  sa fie tabloul complet .
 repjerrynadler the democrats have been doing that since the 1960 s  you have just shown an example of how hypocrit .
daca nu raspunde nimeni n am fost eu.
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti unless you are a bit comprehe .
 gosn gile  radelocki  pasazot  je sisa zna neku priu ne provociram ve pitam ozbiljno .
our immigration system is broken hate  corruption and racism will not fix it   daca  let my people go  nowallever .
un cardinal politic corect  african neao  care spune adevruri politic incorecte  dac europa dispare i odat c .
  undocumented  daca  immigrants  msw52102 .
exploatarea internet explorer permite hackerilor s fure date  chiar dac nu le ai fcutniciodat .
i dai seama c cunoti pe cineva de  prea  mult timp cnd vrei s i iei un cadou i nu i mai aminteti dac nu c .
sper ca v a fost util  pentru mai multe detalii dm me  dac susii astfel de tutorial nu uita de un like si un follow multumesc.
 lindseygrahamsc  being a texas resident i do not understand why our government will not fix this  amp  support legal a .
 ilhanmn dems refused daca and refused every reform option for the last 8 years hypocritical left and omar suppport .
 libbyschaaf  realdonaldtrump the president delivers what you asked  for   democrats should love  potus that he gav .
 vorpal22  joenoll  libbyschaaf  realdonaldtrump you need to go back a few years and take a look at obama thats wh .
 ericfmonteiro  toloco teles daca um abrao.
no more limbo   enoughisenough  heretostay  tps  ded  daca  dreamandpromisenow  msw52102 .
 madorni jajaja tens razn manuel estos incultos creen que es toma y daca   imagnate cmo saldran a darle a la m .
 middle goat  warddamonhubba2  charliekirk11 you do know that the repubs didnt have 60 votes in the senate  if chuc .
 sundaysongbook tq  gotobed diaries  pmartinauthor  cathleenmaza  ritakrugerwrite  seanofthesouth1  mark carnelley .
just in case if you didn t know   daca  dreamactnow  msw52102 .
aww   daca  protect  dreamers  msw52102  immigrants  immigration  unafraid  advocacy .
 robneiheisel  brithume to be fair tomtrump he offered 2 million daca kids legalization in exchange for a few billi .
 when obama passed daca  i finally had a chance    aytiem  dreamers  daca  protect  immigrants  undocumented .
video048    youtube.
daca germania isi reduce la jumatate previziunile  tanti aglaia de la videle dimpreuna cu toata scursura guvernamen .
california leads 20 states in lawsuit challenging trumps border wall          politics  trump .
mircea marian      dac o s cutai pe google care e ara cu exporturile de legume i fructe cele mai dubioase  turcia .
       .
 protect  daca  advocate  dreamact  undocumented  unafraid  msw52102 .
yep way past time  now is the time to put an end to the plight of  daca while we re at it  daca needs us .
monte carlo  horia i rojer pierd n dou seturi   64 63   la khachanov lopez        zgura nu i mereu prietenoas  nici dac pleci favorit .
 marshalllocke when trump undid daca and told congress to codify it  there was a brief opportunity  he could have l .
 msbellows  2npac  sooriclover  spookperson  resistresource  gt  roe v wade    gt  lgbtq rights    gt  daca      dont expect any of .
 lscott163 they re screwed  amp  they know it  either daca is legal  amp  potus can make law at will or it is illegal and h .
victory in  arkansas   arimmigrants have been fighting for 2 bills to allow  daca holders to get nursing licenses a .
 ilhanmn the trump admin offered reasonable settlement to daca which was and is unconstitutional  but the democrats .
our elected officials are considering legislation to protect  tps   ded  and  daca    heres .
  senkamalaharris of  california co sponsors bill to allow illegals to work in congress  via .
 wl mariii  yeosangsbb dac o faci i tu    .
daca ai avut o duminica grea  uita te la fatuca asta si te vei simti mai bine   pupici de la    upothehedgehog .
daca immigration  amp  why  black  people shouldn t care     via  youtube.
chiar c nu mai nelege nimeni nimic din tenisul feminin  dac i andreea  metoo a ajuns s ctige un turneu  the end is near .
 no daca  fairimmigration  cnnpolitics  evanperez there is not a human on this planet that has survived abortion  t .
ne putem cufunda n zone mai oculte ale spiritului de unde am putea s extragem adevruri eseniale dac ne debaras .
 daca mama  perier voda  bar fight021        .
 abcpolitics  abc george     no hardball question just pandering to the globalist left     why can t you be a real .
tired and hungry  but im even hungrier for the completion of this thesis  so lets  geaux for two more pages  then .
 ruggiere l  no daca i want my country to stay free not to be overrun by people that have no respect for our laws a .
 fcsteaua  magazinul online  mai este functionabil       adica vreau sa comand ceva de pe site si as dori sa stiu daca se fac  livrari.
 concernedinpv  cindipeepee  thehill oh   by the by  the per capita income of the daca illegal aliens is about 40  .
  lo malo  que el tema se politiz y se convirti en un toma y daca entre el gobierno de  coahuila y la administr .
 no daca the people of chicago will not tolerate this  the rich and poor will combine to drive these people away  n .
 cqldspring  yep  faza e ca eu ieri i azi am fost la o prietena acas i n aveam cum sa fac nimic  chiar dac voiam .
 navstadt so you will cheer when these illegals are allowed to vote  you will cheer when donnie gives them all .
 taeschic eu am vreo 3 teste saptamana asta   plus ceva proiect la chimie si daca mai am ceva te anunt ca nu stiu      .
sunt napa dac in cu chelsea azi  twitter ul meu e plin de fani l pool .
dect ziua de azi        gt   ntoarce i faa ctre soare i umbrele vor rmne n urma ta        gt   pot rezuma n dou cu .
 abcpolitics 2yrs ago  realdonaldtrump  potus offered  democrats comprehensive  immigrationreform incld   daca soug .
yo yahoo   didn t obummer drop 60 000 somali refugees in minnesota without asking and there is daca which obummer s .
 repjerrynadler you use them as pawns for illegal  voterfraud     deepstate exposed as usual   just like you wanted a .
 jgseven  aoc the marxist ruled with his pen and phone  passed hc with bullshit senate rules change  legalized mili .
 meetthepress 2yrs ago  realdonaldtrump  potus offered  democrats comprehensive  immigrationreform incld   daca sou .
 bossmanghazan  patrickrandall  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 he did but that was for unaccompanied childre .
din culisele meetingului psd de la craiova    .
trouble is you reps will give us americans a bad deal and cave to dims by allowing daca  amnesty  etc  just build t .
homeland security chairman sees no way trump s idea to transfer migrants to sanctuary cities is legal  didn t obumm .
 adamparkhomenko 2yrs ago  realdonaldtrump  potus offered  democrats comprehensive  immigrationreform incld   daca .
didn t obummer drop 60 000 refugees in minnesota without asking and then there is daca which obummer said was uncon .
 michaelputney nobody corrected the gent making the incorrect coment on why the daca deal wasn t acceptable  tarnished the show.
 walshfreedom this false equivalence is insane  dems offered 25b for a wall in exchange for daca protections  they  .
2yrs ago  realdonaldtrump  potus offered  democrats comprehensive  immigrationreform incld   daca sought input comp .
 tomfitton close the border  end daca  amp  anchor babies  mandatory everify  deport them all  period   kellyannepolls  realdonaldtrump.
 concernedinpv  cindipeepee  thehill daca   a small subset of the total illegal alien population        educateyourself .
 no daca you do not have to run from violence if you do not play the game .
odat cu eecul de la snmartin  1 3  0 2   din meciul cu luceafrul oradea  se poate spune  fr teama de a grei  .
we build bridges not walls         nowall  dreamers  daca  nobanact  immigrantsmakeamericastronger    .
 mika stef inseamna ca te plictisesti frecvent  ca daca eu le as spala doar cand ma plictisesc ar trebui sa mai arunc din ele .
 citeste    daca ai wi fi in aeroport descarca un film sau muzica    mananca      fa poze tmblr cu cerul    deseneaza .
i m sure that s a no  look at daca .
 glennawplg  gop attorney on your panel didnt say schumer was willing to accept funding for border wall in exchang .
daca chiar o sa se intample.
.
 no daca  krassenstein this made me sooooooo happy .
 marcstout2  brithume with the exception of obamas daca act .
elena udrea  reacie la declaraiile lui liviu dragnea despre premier  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil ar trece .
 pamnsc  no daca  henrymcmaster awww look   nancy is right in the middle of many groups  i bet that she changes her mind fast .
5 semne c eti o mam extraordinar  potrivit psihologilor      fiecare mam i face griji cu privire la creterea c .
 tompain03997914  cindipeepee  thehill facts would say differently  i would suggest you research daca .
dac tot eram aproape  am fcut i o incursiune pn n teleorman  n comuna natal a mreului conductor liviu dr .
the future daca  amp  illegals part of future amnesty by dems or repubs  trump base sees him as doing nothing because t .
 realdonaldtrump how is it that when the rs controlled congress an the white house for two years you did not intro .
 mediatorem2018  cnnpolitics   muslim ban i  ii  iii     trying to end daca     aggressive deportation      family separa .
 sfdonner  mayorhancock immigrants have been pawns since the 1930 s when they were part of the escape goats from de .
 bbrandt 1960  trish regan  no daca i am beginning to think these are a small group with big mouths .
dupa mine  dac eti cretin i ai cat de cat dorina de a tri valorile cretine  nu vei susine la oricare aleger .
daca esti din mediul urban oras din romania    iti plac produsele  avon intra in  pinksquad si poti castiga un fiat .
liverpool piede locul 1 dac nu se impune  .
 ryanstruyk  jaketapper  senrickscott obama administration did it with daca.
am intrat n mesajele de pe mess cu o persoana care murise i am vzut ceva chestie cu   astzi este ziua mbri .
 drmom47 only congress can make laws but that didnt stop bo from changing immigration laws to his own liking  amp  our .
jilava fort 13  tunelul fr luminie la capt  dac vrei s trieti  bag paie sub haine  .
hackerii anonymous amenin cu atacuri cibernetice uriae dac julian assange nu va fi eliberat      hackerii din mica .
 mediatorem2018  cnnpolitics   daca     supported the gang of 8 immigration plan     didn t make family separation poli .
avocata lui julian assange  jennifer robinson  a declarat ca acesta este dispus sa coopereze cu autoritatile suedez .
am gsit o variant brut a loteriei colare  se d nite cifre ctigtoare i elevul  i socotete notele  ca s .
 mikel jollett  realdonaldtrump i know right   whats next  using his pen and phone to create unconstitutional laws like daca .
 bbrandt 1960  pnjaban  no daca  shannonbream  foxnews did you notice that the idea of illegals being sent to sanct .
        peing   .
screenshots  politico      sorry   presssec  your word is no better than that of your boss        realdonaldtrump .
 waynedupreeshow nervous nancy cant even deal with daca kids  watch .
 biglauda  repwilson  speakerpelosi i think if this gets on the floor  it would be tacked on with daca bill and cal .
 libbyschaaf ms  schaaf  about a year ago  i created this song with one purpose  for it to be the anthem of the dac .
 no daca  fairimmigration please   someone    answer   why is it ok for illegals to be dropped off in   texas  ariz .
 grimmgeek  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump trump is lying  again  just like he has for two years on daca  which h .
        peing   .
vezi live text numerele extrase la loto 6 49      reportul este uria  afl primul dac mergi .
 benniegthompson  homelanddems mr bennie it s in reference to imagration i seen the issues about daca to blown out .
 spiceychicken7  walshfreedom no  they offered deals for daca and concessions that democrats wanted outside of the .
usturoiul      chiar daca pare de necrezut  usturoiul este remediul natural care te ajuta sa scapi de cosuri destul d .
orict s a sfiat din aceast unic ie romneasc  spaiul cultural nu a putut fi distrus  cel puin pn acum  c .
imperfeciunea e parte din viaa noastr de fiecare zi  dac admitem asta  atunci e logic s admitem i c vom fi p .
 trump8year  walshfreedom theyve offer half hearted weak concessions for daca just so they could claim they did and .
 politico  daniell50104090 right  suddenly willing  and suddenly an adult  whatever   yall  complicitgop caged the .
pentru ce este nevoie sa lipesti stickerul cu revizia tehnica pe masina  daca toate datele sunt deja in baza de dat .
daca ar vedea prinii ti ce poze postezi  te ar da la orfelinat.
start mass deportation of all illegals refugees daca brats anchor brats  visa overstays and all their damn relative .
 alecleamas4  abc blue states have the highest populations of daca recipients and illegal families and they advocat .
cei care inca trimiteti mesaje de genul  daca nu trimiti asta la 15 persoane     e timpul sa evoluaaaai si voi.
tariceanu   fiti alaturi de noi macar acum  pentru ca istoria nu ne va ierta pe niciunul  daca vom esua in demersul .
 pjsdds294  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump except trump is lying  like he does with daca .
 spiceychicken7  walshfreedom portions of the wall have been built in numerous areas   how is that a lie   he has o .
pentru feletele care i leag sireturile de picioare  dac tot iti legi sireturile de picioare  leagale si de gt sa mori in pula mea .
 bbrandt 1960  baronpen2ndtry  no daca their intent is visible now  perhaps they are considering what this would do .
 thehill if that were the case  wed have a wall  chain migration would have ended  daca would have ended  and thou .
2 daca telefonul este o problema te distrage de la invatat facut teme  l poti inchide sau il poti da pe silent si .
 oscar daca ya valiiiiste.
2  zmbete mai des  asta nu i va tirbi din autoritate  chiar dac tu eti o persoan serioas de felul tu .
    o    56scope    o         peing   .
omul acesta are o misiune de ndeplinit  o va duce la capt  .
 ilhanmn actually it was president trump who offered comprehensive immigration reform and help for daca for wall fu .
 joejackson1968 maybe this is part of donnie s  daca plan  so now he will have them well placed when he makes it le .
 mihuowo        daca o sa vin vreodata la tine sa ai si tu mancare.
dac nu iti pasa cu adevrat  de ce dracu mai ntrebi   .
 no daca  metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti not showing up with a lawyer does .
daca iti imprumut pixul inseamna ca ne futem.
buna ziua toata lumea mai putin rapandulele care sunt racite si au frisoane si cand sunt 40 de grade afara si nu po .
 no daca  metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti what do our laws say .
 slate slate  youre just now realizing that doj sometimes fails to enforce the nations laws   where were you from .
 realdonaldtrump americans want you to close the border  shut down visa lottery  birthright citizenship  and deport .
 teachertoolkit  bloomsburyed .
 no daca  metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i do not see how they think they .
 ejc032 ej  mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews bury your head in the sand  and continue your l .
 daca mama  gosn gile ne alim se ni ja  mrtva sam ozbiljna kad kaem da hou emoji koji se krsti pravoslavno  ja s .
dac vreun romn ar spune c nu fraii wright sunt autorii primului zbor cu un avion  ar fi acuzat de propagand ru .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti they are working for themselves n .
things trump could not explain    sanctuary cities   how tariffs work   obamacare health care policy   wind solar energy   cl .
the love of family and friends is life s greatest blessing  .
eti mam de bieel  drm prejudecile i crete un domn   d      dac eti mam de bieel  tii deja din experien .
multe studii recente confirma impactul nociv al faptului ca suntem mereu conectati la ecrane  daca  din notificari .
daca cineva ar descoperi acum romania  n ar mai gasi niciun ou  toate clostile au fost la clocit si au scos bani grei din ele .
 ozdeplorable45  thejordanrachel he plays the dems like a fiddle  he offered to give them everything they wanted fo .
adevrul prezint cum s a vzut manifestaia din mijlocul susintorilor social democrailor  la craiova   video .
kanal d   important  cum afli daca medicul la care mergi este sau nu un impostor     gt  gt  gt   .
mandy saligar   dac i oferi copilului tu un telefon mobil este ca i cum i ai da un gram de           uti24 .
remember when  dnc  housedemocrats offered  potus  liarinchief  putinspuppet  realdonaldtrump a  daca deal w   25b .
 thedilleyshow cuz dems didn t care 2 save daca.
 walshfreedom democratic base wants congress to be functional and establish immigration policy that creates work pe .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti exactly  they cannot just show up .
 banditozsz incerc sa evit sa mai stau pe twt insta cat mai mult posibil  poti sa mi dai mesaje daca e.
dac am ti ce via duc vulturii am prefera soarta porumbelului  .
 chreqs sincer chiar ma ingrijorasem ca nu stiam daca mai traiesti macar.
how many  amnesty immigration cons has  lindseygrahamsc voted for    american ppl won t accept dream act   daca  late .
 meetthepress  chucktodd  kellyannepolls why does no one mention they offered 25 billion for a wall in exchange for .
 jasondadams73  cbsnews proof it was all hot air  they know it will cost too much  and they obviously don t really .
trump makes deals   democratic socialists have yet to figure that out  they could deal on daca  immigration  health .
 krassenstein liberals bluff called again they want open boarders hes giving you what you want they said they were .
trump s illegal plan to send illegal aliens to sanctuary cities would inevitably assist those in staying in the uni .
 eatonrose1 exactly trump offered amnesty to all daca recipients and more the dems said no but the dems assume afte .
 mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews if grahams immigration proposal has any type of amnesty fo .
reeta de duminic  lasagna de post in ultra pro tupperware      simplifica ti viaa  folosete produsele tupperware  .
ponta   nu am vazut niciodata ca in 2019 mai multa coruptie institutionalizata  .
 catturd2 word   i ve lost so called liberal friends over this   headless bodies weren t found down the street from .
 psnewsro pentru asta trebuie ca si moldovenii sa doreasca unirea  isi aduc aminte de noi daca au nevoie de cetaten .
dac vnzarea va avea loc  viitorul statutului de membru  nato al turciei  i al legturilor sale mai extinse cu v .
 ilhanmn this president proposed three packages since becoming president that passed the house  the senate could no .
 many of these locations have more resources to help immigrants make their legal cases to stay in the united states .
daca esti agitat nu inseamna ca ai anxietate.
caui plceri simple  noi i am pregtit o list de 32 de plceri pe care nu le poi cumpra cu bani     deschide i .
 realdonaldtrump democrats love  potus 45  they asked for daca  the president gave them daca  democrats asked for t .
 i also understand ices reluctance to be used as a tool for political statements  its a law enforcement agency  .
dac va plictisii ntrai pe replies               also sa mi spunei cu cine inei .
 teaboots  rosedixontx build the wall now and say no to daca illegal is illegal.
what s the problem  you democrats been  wanting   illegals in your states  now it sounds like you don t   we all k .
dac te uii n jurul tau vezi numai serpi prieteni au disprut.
     they call themselves sanctuary cities  and trump is now agreeing with them      .
dac vrei s distrugi lumea mbogete ci va prosti si totul se rezolv .
 stephmhamill  anastasiag57  dailycaller never  as long as trump makes empty promises and wont shut down the borde .
maturitate si o prietenie adevarata e atunci cand ii spui cuiva daca a gresit si ce ar putea sa schimbe ca sa fie s .
now democrats look like the real idiots and hypocrites we always knew they were  you totally abandoned daca  screwe .
 ronbowers42269  mollyjongfast  jaketapper  cnn right  because daca is not in danger  we would rather try for a win .
ponta spune c la referendum voteaz da dac politicienilor condamnai li se interzice s mai ocupe funcii publi .
 thehill we have daca because our elected members of congress won t do their job and fix this  they d rather point .
 meetthepress  chucktodd    why did you invite this lying  kellyannepolls who does not speak for  realdonaldtrump    wh .
 meetthepress  kellyannepolls your admin created the whole daca problem   .
 ilhanmn liar   realdonaldtrump offered daca  amp  immigration reform for border security   dems wouldnt help   buil .
 meetthepress  kellyannepolls  lindseygrahamsc  senatordurbin    remember the daca bill  realdonaldtrump agreed to on .
 mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  immigrationreformnow no deal on daca without comprehensive immigration reform  en .
 lindseygrahamsc     realdonaldtrump     mariabartiromo    if grahams immigration proposal has any type of amnesty for il .
 alamoaustin  alllibertynews  lpnational  lindseygrahamsc just unveiled he has a package put together to address th .
 andreea zv hai s vedem dac ne zice  cc   sorana cirstea.
daca dreamact under following conditions only  1 immediate immigration asylum laws reform  2 secure border  some wa .
 trmite  paisano perdiste tu visa  licencia de trabajo o tarjeta de daca  tranquilo  en  conexinmigrante te de .
te crezi bad girl dar dac vezi un cine ocolesti 5 strzi  .
youre right  we should think about where our taxes are going    like sanctuary cities  illegal immigrants  welfare .
 realdonaldtrump trump has refused all immigration deals  trump is why immigration reform has failed    .
credeti ca exista un dumnezeu al internetului  daca da  puteti sa ii spuneti va rog  ca as vrea sa ma ajute cu o pr .
unii se fac ca nu inteleg ca nu exista bunastare fara stat de drept  de unde si discursul anti european  mai ales c .
 suntem animale sociale n cel mai nalt grad  chiar i la distan pe scen  putem s spunem dac cineva este acol .
urgent si important    caut doctor specialist in nefrologie  pentru tata   de preferinta la cluj  eventual si zalau  .
have you reviewed our success stories yet       emory financial   jon lam  thehonestlender   nmls   393986   805 823 5119 .
ai un punct dac    .
 abcpolitics why don t interviewers push back  they are not illegal immigrants  they are people seeking asylum  a p .
 communistony  thehill i support alway s the goals not the means not really important   see these poor latino in sa .
am promisiuni c meciul contra chiajnei  n r  11 mai  l vom juca acas  dac nu vom juca acas  e greu s rmnem .
zi mi daca ai  poze nud ca sa stiu daca imi fac cont  da  .
 i lupu  psdbiroupresa a  deci daca  nu ii numara  realitatea din 10 in 10 si  digi24 hd din 100 in 100 nu sunt domne     am inteles  .
cand vine vara o sa ies din cas  poate daca nu i prea cald daca nu o sa mi se faca rau daca o sa am cu cine sa ies afara.
we have thousands of problems but  hate  greed corruption lying blaming others like of empathy  divisiveness  relig .
trump wants to make  immigrationreform match his horrible policy of holding everyone until their hearings or deport .
no wall  no mexico paying for the wall  no end to daca  no lock her up  not balanced budget  no denuclearized nk  n .
 krassenstein trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t car .
trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t care about kids i .
religia baza politicii  dac baza e ubred   .
democrats claim that daca kids shouldnt have to pay for their parents crimes  but white people are still responsib .
 elena udrea  situaia lui liviu dragnea a prilejuit o constatare  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil trece la pro r .
listening to double speak radical dem lawyer d maryland ben cardin  against  realdonaldtrump  truth  gave dems daca .
 roxanaflorea10 multumesc pentru explicatie  am citit  cred ca la vreo 2 daca nu chiar 3 useri expresia asta si nu .
 jonahnro whataboutism engage     exactly what the obama administration did with unaccompanied illegal minors  obama .
o iubesti chiar dac nu i gagica ta.
 ancasandu  neamielualarau  probabil c aa fceam i eu dac nu tiam filmuleul  acum nu mai tiu s zic cat de .
 breaking  wethepeople want  immigration  reform for all 11 mill  latinos  not  fraud  daca for the few           potus .
 claudinho sau pur si simplu chiar daca platesc mai mult din cauza ca e romania   .
 senategop  4djt2016  senjohnbarrasso yawn   gop screwed us on aca  daca  term limits  planned parenthood  health c .
the border crisis has nothing to do with tps or daca       people are coming in mass   stop the insanity      secure our na .
 waynedupreeshow again     potus gave them what they wanted   and they were astonished  just like with daca deal  .
we are looking for a  businesscoach to support our existing and new members of  creates on the bridge  is this you  .
 ilhanmn may allah strike you     liar   deceiver     pres  trump has offered more immigration reform than any pres .
bisericile  obligate s se nregistreze la fisc dac vor reduceri de taxe .
have yall ever seen daca leaders infighting for the world to see  yall should all feel some type of way about this .
nu pe bune daca vezi vreun tip imbracat asa fugi cat te tin picioarele.
immigration narratives personify daca  border policies and trafficking  via  the cui.
once democrats realize it will be their big city districts that suffer and not midwest towns their tune will change .
ce electrocasnice sa cumpar pentru studio   electrolux  beko  bosch  neff  gorenje  indesit  teka  lg  hotpoint sau .
nu mai cere mesaje pe tell daca dup ce primeti spui ca n ai chef sa rspunzi la ele.
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
i m old enough to remember march 2017  every 3rd word by  dems was  daca kids  until  potus said  ok  let  em stay  .
democrats favored daca amnesty bill would cost  26 billion .
illegal alien released by  sanctuary city  who murdered 3 was obama daca recipient   eagle rising .
 dragoviceva  daca mama  gosn gile priamo o oveku koji bi sve uradio da ostane na vlasti  on je ve zavrio posao .
 nancypelosi  your reason is as usual hipocritical  no one believes your reason for not liking releasing illegal al .
 ilhanmn way back in jan 2018  trump offered democrats everything they wanted on immigration  they turned it down f .
 ronbowers42269  mollyjongfast  jaketapper  cnn except trump had no power to make that deal  the supreme court alre .
n momentul n care v evaluai situaia financiar pentru a vedea dac v putei permite o coal privat pentru c .
ponta spune c la referendum voteaz da dac politicienilor condamnai li se interzice s mai ocupe funcii publi .
 bogdan n19  minoana5  asrd999 daca asta e scarbos ma ta uploadeaza video uri cu scat pe net.
 radusmall chiar dac pltesc mai mult  din cauz de inflaie .
 marthamaccallum what is your plan for daca recipients  what does immigration reform and pathways to citizenship lo .
 bogdan n19  minoana5  asrd999 poze in banchetul din clasa a patra  ca mai batran de atat nu esti  dar te inteleg  .
 thelawcouncil  cporterwa  markdreyfusqcmp just checking i have the correct version  is this the document you re re .
 repjerrynadler  repjerrynadler of morally repugnant  please in a mirror  dems have no prblm  using illegal alien .
 timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump exactly  just like they cried about daca kids for years but tucked tail and turne .
scholarship access should be for all undocumented students  not just those with  daca  please sign our petition urg .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti lol i dont care about the muelle .
 repjasonsmith excuse me  the gop has held both the house and senate and has done little except to pass a tax progr .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti i dont care asylum laws need to .
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti it was not 400 pages you can actu .
the mirzayan is open to grad students  post docs  and professional school students  masters  jd  md  phd  etc    im .
afla daca arzi grasimea cu viteza  metoda stiintifica prin care poti afla daca arzi grasimea la viteza maxima  cu a .
 howardkurtz  kattimpf trump didnt undercut their story  they said they stopped after told it wasnt legal  and wa .
if daca kids are blameless for being here illegally  then why should people born generations after slavery ended pay reparations .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump you do know that undocumented immigrants have been living in this country for years  the .
 bbrandt 1960  no daca agreed .
 cbsnews trump offered the democrats a generous daca wall deal a while back  they refused  now he offers them the v .
 cr8zeight  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump what is it youre not understanding    i wrote about some of the the issu .
 asrd999  alejandrokuzma ok ai mult self esteem daca crezi ca cineva si ar da laba pe pozele tale.
sa inteleg ca prezervativul asta e securizat gen daca te duci si iti cumper trebue sa te duci la o persoana sa te a .
 bogdan n19  asrd999  daca nu vii ne arati ca iti este frica  te asteptam .
 t3hfrostbyte  maddssss   cgafutbol  ilhanmn virtue signaling is a  term used by the right to denigrate any pos .
 resumisu  davidcicilline you re right the rule of law under obama was so much better because he could just make th .
 asrd999  alejandrokuzma daca te pui pe mn da.
 bogdan n19  asrd999 daca ea e tanc ma ta e zidu chinezesc.
 bogdan n19  b roobert  asrd999 hai ba pe discord sa ne dai troll si acolo cu vocea daca tot.
esti din cluj napoca si vrei sa intalnesti direct viitorii europarlamentari  vino in data de 18 aprilie seara la o .
no daca nu o avut ce face          ala ar trebui sa fie mandru si sa inteleg mesaje de amor adica   ca il iubeste s .
 bogdan n19  alejandrokuzma poate te simti mai bine daca ma iau eu de cum arati  esti urat ca pula.
 vanillamoonxox bun    tocmai am terminat regele malefic  mi a plcut enorm de mult i abia atept ultimul volum    m .
mai inei minte vremurile alea cnd pnl pdl m10 avertizau nainte de alegeri c  dac va ctiga psd   ajunge euro la 7 lei  .
 urmtorul ora care va avea autobuze electrice este  suceava    am vrut sa verific daca primarul din suceava este .
 bogdan n19  asrd999 de fapt  daca vrei sa ne batem  hai prin cajvana sau comanesti ca am un prieten si isi aduce el tot gangu stai chill.
 alejandrokuzma  asrd999 suceava gura humorului daca vii aici iti dau si restul adresei.
 nldworldsbk  wsbk  sbk toma y daca en la lucha contra el crono de bautista y rea  lvaro acaba de batir el record del circuito .
 timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump just like they do with daca.
when republicans controlled both houses you had a deal that took care of daca and gave you more money for your wall .
ponta spune c la referendum voteaz  amp quot da amp quot  dac politicienilor condamnai li se interzice s nu mai ocupe o funcie public   .
 bogdan n19  alejandrokuzma luati as neamu in pula ca daca iti fut doua palme te intreaba la spital ce model era camionu.
sanctuary cities releasing murders into society      illegal alien released by  sanctuary city  who murdered 3 was obam .
ca s fii promovat astzi n psd  trebuie s ndeplineti simultan dou condiii  s fii prost ca noaptea i mcar .
on your 18th birthday  immigration officials will come for you          borderwall  bordercrossing .
 bogdan n19  asrd999 also esti ultimul terminat daca te iei de aparitia cuiva pe net    cum e in a treia  te mai ce .
join  afsc org and tell congress  protect  tps   ded  and  daca and create a roadmap to citizenship for all immigra .
 tano081973 a los qie cobran planes en la rioja hay que mandarlos a levantar la cosecha de aceitumas y si no quiere .
credeam c le am vzut pe toate  sau cel puin o majoritate a lor     credeam c  las fierbini  e ficiune i c   .
 neamielualarau  ipostaze sunt peste tot  dar n mod special n liberty mall  dac se poate numi aa  i n la din pantelimon   .
 daca mama  pasazot  gosn gile  radelocki  je sisa ako sve nije konkretan odgovor  onda potraite .
 moonchiidnvm daca citesc si ascult n o sa tin minte nimic din ce am citit sefule da dw ca las spotify sa mearga ca .
minculescu   consideram ca daca ne exprimam niste opinii pe internet este suficient si ne am facut datoria civica  .
coral mai rmne la cluj napoca chiar dac contractul cu primria a expirat .
 dup cum ai vzut copiii din ziua de azi au relaii la 11 12 ani  iar dac ii vei spune ca nc e mica sau crezi .
 daca mama  radelocki  pasazot  je sisa          .
cum sa excelezi cu muzica daca prietenii iti dau cu hate si nu dau nici macar play la o piesa .
 revision  sharpfocus   visit the gcse revision section of our website to help you with  gcse  revision  keepgoing .
asa este drumul vietii uneori dar daca nu renunti vei ajunge la destinatie  .
 nu ii place sa i spui ce a greit  ex      b  nu ai fcut bine ceva  hai s i arat   asta nu ii va plcea i va co .
double d   spune mi daca vrei  via  youtube.
 chuckcallesto its time for democrats to put up or shut up   dont send illegals to my home town if youre not wi .
cum evii suspendarea permisului dac te uii la filme  i nu e o glum  .
 tot ce vreau este sa imi cresc copiii incat sa ajunga oameni buni si sa stie cum sa fata obstacolelor aparute de a .
la ce mi trebuie un crush dac am dou proaste cu care s vorbesc .
 dac nu te nelege ntr o situaie sau n 2 e ok  dar dac nu te intelege n 4 5 situaii deja e aiurea    are mere .
 jonlemire trump s plan  probably malicious in nature  will be heard by the desperate of central america as an open .
ce manevra ieftina  marca dancila petre daea  daca nu deschideau bursa de peste eram obligati sa dam banii inapoi u .
 dac vrei sa te ntlneti cu el  spune ca are altceva de fcut  mereu    n prezenta ta sta numai cu ochii n telef .
ultima ediie  suntem din ce n ce mai puini  dac ne uitm la cifrele oficiale  aproximativ 20  din populaia act .
 mereu fac curse cu tine  se descarca pe tine    ip la tine    dac ai un prieten mereu va ncerca s te despart de .
daca iti imaginezi un lucru il poti obtine  daca visezi un lucru il poti transforma in realitate     fa atat de multe .
bts  all my ladies  put your hands up    eu  dac insiti  nu jucm i o hor .
fascinanta nostra regina maria  ar putea fi si azi de folos romaniei  daca am stii sa ii folosim inteligent imagine .
stiati ca daca in termen de 6 luni se anuleaza definitiv in contencios administrativ 3 hotarari de consiliu local  .
 vacherieboy  davidhogg111 started    what branch of the government is needed to start something like that        if yo .
 ancasandu  neamielualarau deci este un cablu fidelu i se ncovoaie ctre spate  dac crezi ai nevoie de aa cev .
 bograma dac beau s ar putea s devin agresiv  da  cred c a putea mnca pisica  e la ndemn  cam flocoas  totui .
pai daca prin capitala se circula cu 200 km h  de ce sa nu se circule cu viteza si prin raioane   oricum politia e .
 kurtschlichter seems like he used similar ploy vs dems last year even offered them daca .
 shayzmom  mollyjongfast  jaketapper  cnn daca was an e o .
 realdonaldtrump wonderful  i ve volunteered to take in a migrant family  i can accommodate 4  though i would prefe .
 pasazot  gosn gile  radelocki  je sisa znai nita konkretno pitau nekoga ko moda ima odgovor .
 pasazot  daca mama  gosn gile  radelocki  je sisa .
 ilhanmn if i remember correctly he vehemently reversed that by executive order and he also offered amnesty as well .
 gosn gile  radelocki  pasazot  je sisa sad sam ja  neobavetena   ta konkretno imate protiv devojke .
sunt curios dac faza cu assange are vreo legtur cu mecherii de la ue  se zvonea c frana vrea s i ofere azil  .
e vremea att de nasoal nct nu tiu dac s mnnc ngheat i s m uit la un rom com sau sa beau ciocolat ca .
 shayzmom  mollyjongfast  jaketapper  cnn not true  not true at all  remember when he said over and over he had no .
 molliekatzen  repjerrynadler there are no grounds to impeach  why waste time on impeachment proceedings  why doesn .
v mulumesc enorm pentru toate mesajele frumoase pe care mi le ai trimis  voi mi ati fcut ziua de natere mult f .
 rabbijill  repjerrynadler you need a reason to impeach  do you really want congress to waste time trying to impeac .
dac nu exista social media nu te credea nici dracu  cnd spuneai c eti n ora la mas .
ce rochii de banchet credeti ca sunt potrivite pentru o fata de 1  55m si 48kg intreb pentru     .
 whitehouse  vp the crisis at the border was created by you in the white supremist whitehouse  trump during his cam .
        peing   .
am inteles ca orban s a saturat fie condus de  psd isti   nu spune insa daca nu s a saturat sa ia lectii de la odra .
 alexcoita locul nostru nu este ca pre n  clubul  mecherilor de extrem stnga care au acaparat conducerea europ .
 johnddavidson  no daca  sydneykgbt illegals know that democrates wont send them back home so now they re looking f .
congress is considering legislation to protect tps  ded  and daca .
how can obama send  150 billion  amp   1 8 billion cash to iran  amp  trump cant build a wall  daca money paris accord whi .
chindia ctig la limit de acs poli i revine pe locul 2  uta   umilit la bucureti  ripensia ctig n minutul .
 gosn gile  dragoviceva  daca mama on i raspali miki su ih i stvorili .
 feministabulous it s why they wouldn t do the deal on daca even though the money for the wall was included  they d .
 sylviarope  no daca  rubengallego the 135 billion leaves out healthcare  amp  a whole lot of other expenses  for what .
f observaii cu voce tare cnd observi c ceva l deranjeaz  dac se poate  numete sentimentul pe care bnuieti .
de cnd am auzit c mtuile lui codrin tefnescu iau masa des n ora  mi e fric s mai merg prin crciumi  dac mi dispare portofelul .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac dncil ar trece la pro romnia  ar fi al treilea prim ministru care merge la ponta .
nu doar cel nelat sufer ci i cel care trdeaz  iertarea este posibil dac nelegem cum s a ajuns aici   .
obama has put americans in limbo spending unauthorized billions with his iran deal  amp  his daca  amp  his paris accord  n .
din gndurile lui cristoiu  cf  mediafax     dac usr plus continu cu scandalurile  atunci pierde electoratul   .
as you wake up today know that some american students are waking up with a ton of debt while illegals  especially d .
 pnjaban  no daca  shannonbream  foxnews pelosi  amp  her ilk are hypocrytes  they re keeping the boarder open but they .
 nikcvijanovic  dragoviceva  daca mama            .
 adevarul de ce te am crede  radacinele tale psd vor sa ne scoata din europa  daca nu ne primeau eram praf si pulbe .
 daca mama  dragoviceva         .
 daca mama veina ovde na tako neto gleda kao na problem pominjui onu ogavnu re defetizam koja je u ovom sluaju .
 comfortablysmug  no daca i keep telling people the dems are in their gated communities behind their walls dont wor .
dac pot s iubesc mi e destul   i mi este surs   i mi este vis   dac pot s iubesc    la urm  la umbr   am cntat    dac .
 dragoviceva  gosn gile  daca mama bolje ipak da se vratimo na smrada borisa tadoca i njegove dkake jeremica i bork .
 daca mama  perier voda e nisam hteo da te uvredim ne zameri samo mi se smucilo da me ubedjuju kako ce sve da bude .
 mitroilelia i dac barza berzii arat ca o barz  de ce nu funcioneaz la fel i la oameni  adic barza s fie antropoidic i nu brzoi .
dac eti moldovean  zi mi mcar un regionalism pe care nc l foloseti  chiar dac ai plecat de mult de acas  .
 gosn gile  dragoviceva nita ne  zavrava posao zar ve nije .
 miropopara41  perier voda sad u i ja da  greim  ba mrzim propagandu prijatno .
in scurt timp voi posta pe canalul de youtube un nou video din  roblox    nu uitati daca va place cea ce fac apsai .
 gosn gile  daca mama hoe  naravno  na nama je da li emo da ga prihvatimo ili vratimo odakle je doao.
teo family   daca doua maini  official video   via  youtube.
 dragoviceva  daca mama                   .
dac nu ai vzut cel mai recent clip  vlogul din scurta mea vacan n anglia  v atept pe canalul meu de youtube .
 trish regan  no daca and the democratic voters wont call her on this just like they dont call their party on anything else.
uneori oferi aproapelui tau chiar daca tu nu ai pentru tine   esti costient ca vei ramane fara si totusi ajuti   da .
mi zici c sunt tot ceea ce vrei  dar dac ai locui cu mine 24 de ore i s ar sinucide creierul .
 baronpen2ndtry  no daca the democrates keep fighting to let illegals into the usa and sanctuary cities dont want t .
daca ti ai da seama cat am tinut la tine poate ti ai cere scuze.
 daca mama  perier voda nemoj sad da se vadis molim lepo kad propagiras  bas sam pogledao velim da se ne ogresim.
 renewspiritual  luvbfree  newsweek  ilhanmn yawn  trump offers citizenship to 1 8 million daca kids dems shut the .
noul meu single pai  nu pi   se lanseaza maine  premiera la neata  foarte multi ma intreaba de piesa dupa ce .
dac eu o s uit  s nu m lsai dumneavoastr s uit  atunci cnd am stat lng ei  am greit foarte tare v rog .
orict de minunat ar suna s te privezi 13 zile de alimente i s apari la plaj cu 11 kg mai supl nu este pentru .
vezi fotografii din vacanele brbatului de care s a ndrgostit brigitte  gt  .
 vicwithluv  sim  eu at daca umas risadas  mas hj vejo que era bem problemtico .
 my3monkees  keonigohan huge concern send illegals 2sanctuarycities  need guarantee they ll be deported asap wall f .
 skuda1978 dobro je da neko povremeno opomene i neto ovako napie  evo ja prva se ponekad zaboravim  .
 hoplite300  aweiner12  aliciafeiock22  jaketapper  cnn dont forget the daca deal that too was illegal  talk about con artists .
 markskrikorian my hope is by the time the children of these economic refugees reach adulthood daca will be all but .
 dragoviceva  gosn gile moda .
 miropopara41  perier voda nisam se prepoznala ne propagiram ni jednu politiku opciju       poslednji  vie .
 innocenteyes88  realdonaldtrump suck on it  daca  she should be believed  sexual assault  racism  anti semitic  ha .
 daca mama  gosn gile jo se dri jer obeava  njima treba neko ko e da zavri  a ni on nije taj  na naslednike treba obratiti panju.
26 mai 2019 lista tzuka  daca politicieni fac liste si lansari sa deschid si eu lista  ordinea este asa cum imi vin .
 daca mama  perier voda e vi sto mi propagirate ovu ili onu politicku opciju da mi ne komentarisete tvitove molim.
 cleveramerican  realdonaldtrump again you dont see the endgame  trump will win in the end  again he just revealed .
 ziarulbursa hai natie la vot sa spulbeam pleava asta care ne conduce  daca sinteti romani adevarati  daca nu nu ma .
 devincow  djrothkopf .
glamour never takes a day off daca e duminica  atunci ai timp pentru tine   lasa te inspirata de propunerile noast .
 ladyjinlove dobar predlog putam.
tu m judeci pe mine c sunt prea slab  eu pot mnca orice oricnd fr s m ngra  iar tu dac respiri lng ciocolat mai pui 3 kg  .
 dmcken22  gavinnewsom  realdonaldtrump  thedemocrats obama brought in  illegals from  somalia and moved them to .
dac iti dau prima mesaj si nu te las cu seen  simte te norocos.
8  loiune de protecie    solar  dac e var    9  ochelari de soare   10  deodorant   11  machiaje bijuterii .
elena udrea  situaia lui liviu dragnea a prilejuit o constatare  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil trece la pro ro .
un eveniment organizat de voluntarii  vsfa focani  parte dintre ei povestai n proiectul  carteinsate     nu ezita .
hey  m am gndit s ncepem in challenge     cum functioneaza    in fiecare zi voi pune la story o provocare pentru z .
 miropopara41  perier voda lepo ode pa vidi .
vere mi e scrb efectiv de persoanele care comenteaz la story uri cnd iei cu prietenii cu  fr mine   cplm vr .
 ilhanmn what an idiot  trump offered amnesty fir all daca  and the democrats refused because they need something t .
iphone dual sim  da  acum se poate dac activezi un esim  cum sa activezi esim  cumsa  dulsim  esim  iphone .
elena udrea  mesaj din costa rica  nu m ar mira dac  dup grindeanu i tudose  i viorica dncil ar trece la pro .
 realdonaldtrump you were approached by pelosi  amp  schumer 25 billion for solving the daca  amp  their family status you .
chiar daca nu crezi  alege un ochi i afl ce dezvluie subcontientul despre tine .
 te va ajuta mereu n situaii dificile    i va ine mereu partea ntr un conflict cu alte persoane    putei face o .
locul unde turitii risc pedeapsa cu moartea dac i fac selfie uri .
ce sa faci dac te simi trist .
 udrea  despre situaia lui dragnea  a czut i povestea c femeile ar fi mai loiale dect brbaii  nu m ar mira .
ce se poate ntmpla pescena politic dac dragnea va intra la pucrie .
dac te simti trist sau demoralizat poi accesa aceast pagina      universul tau .
 daca mama znam da nisu  ali ako se potrudimo i svima ponavljamo moda shvate  a moda i brzo zavrimo posao pa nas ba briga .
ce s faci dac te simi trist .
 valentina1202 bila neka emisija gde je slobo georgijev bio gost uporno su mu govorili da je protestant on ovek ka .
deci ma enerveaza aa de tare  copilele astea de 12 ani care efectiv plng ca nu au iubiti  dar au cacat la cur smr .
 gosn gile najopasniji ovek na ovim prostorima maher propagande odavno sam shvatila da mu se ne treba smejati .
 dragoviceva  gosn gile da je tako vui bi davno pao svi su pali zato to je zapad tako hteo .
of  ca daca zicea  scuze  si fugea sa bage pensie de tzashpe mii de euro pe luna  nu mai cotrobaiau astia prin dosa .
4  o mini trus medical   5  una dou perechi de pantofi   i lapi   6  prosoape   7  dou trei costume de baie         dac mergi la mare .
dac nu faci ce vrei  de ce mai spui ca e viaa ta .
dac ai aceast linie n palm eti foarte norocos           uite ce nseamn  .
dac vrei s tii cei asta  pubg   .
 blesa blesica  gosn gile sluajno sam  alim se sa tim stvarima ali to je moja stvar .
a fi partenerul unui spirit liber      n cunoaterea adevrului este important s l avem  nu din ce impuls l am cu .
 daca mama  gosn gile nije tano .
brbatul din arad care racola eleve pe strad a fost gsit  mrturia unei adolescente  m a ntrebat dac doresc s .
this is the only explanation for why democrats don t care about border security and why they resist and obstruct ef .
 blesa blesica  gosn gile da se jo malo sprdamo sa pravoslavljem kad je bal nek je bal .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac viorica dancil ar trece la pro romnia  .
dac vrei un brbat adevrat  uit te dup la care poart roz aprins mai relaxat ca un cocalar  treningul de duminic .
 daca mama .
 valentina1202 ba te briga vidi da je poruneo.
 carlos sacalul  madrasputnik  keyboardriot pi de ce s nu i fac  dac tu de civa ani nu mai lucrezi .
 georgedoga89  isbj0rn am ncercat tweetcaster dar nu m mulumete  o s ncerc si recomandarea ta cu flamingo s vedem dac m adaptez .
 daca mama nije  moja prva ljubav   kakvo razoarenje.
 valentina1202 nisam u toku nije zezanje .
 realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump amen     realdonaldtrump  you suppose to be commander and chief the most powerful .
 drugdjura da budem iskrena nije mi mnogo ni bitno ta govornici priaju bitno je da se stane na kraj ovom ludilu p .
democrats dont think about me  which the daca if it s two toned  two  two  .
vrei s trieti linitit  nu f bine  dac nu ai fost rugat   principiile oamenilor nelepi   a m  press .
anunt important  pentru toti baietii care ma au la prieteni pe epic fortnite  trebuie neaparat sa aveti codul peric .
 repjerrynadler u mean the same thing  thedemocrats do  like how u cared so much abt daca  till  realdonaldtrump of .
 branadz  drugdjura ni opozicija se ne moe pohvaliti beogradjanima ak su i studenti  koji su izali uglavnom bili sa strane .
dac i vine s l srui n timp ce te ia la palme  atunci el e alesul .
dac i vine s l srui n timp ce te ia la palme  atunci el e alesul   sfat.
dac i vine s l srui n timp ce te ia la palme  atunci el e alesul   1sfatpezi .
 silviufoca dac setezi pe latest tweets i mai apar  c eu aa l am i e ok  mai apar doar cteva promoted tweets  ocazional .
daca doriti sa revedeti    .
daca vrei sa fii la curent cu tot ce este la moda nu rata editia elle on tv  astazi  de la 14 30  la prima tv .
mncai a  am un playlist att de mixt c stau ca la ice bucket challenge vorba iuliei cnd se termin melodia c .
 a czut i povestea  lui dragnea  c femeile ar fi mai loiale i mai devotate dect brbaii  nu m ar mira dac i .
dac o  cas ar fi avut inventarul normal al unei  case de  ar  raportul ar fi de 1 la 2 5  insuficient pentru o .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira daca dancila ar trece la pro romania  .
dac eti gras i nu ai ce mnca e ca i cum te ai duce la o nunt fr mireas .
 pjpnig  markdice absolutely correct but at the same time demsdont want it  usee how they are  trump busted them   .
elena udrea  mesaj din costa rica  nu m ar mira dac  dup grindeanu i tudose  i viorica dncil ar trece la pro romnia   .
 .
dar nu ne ar mira dac si domnul dragnea nsui ar trece la pro romania       sepleac .
n acest video  john vorbete despre puterea inteniei n viaa noastr i ne ndeamn la aciune dup setarea aces .
sindromul miron cozma    dac m arestai  dau o lovitur de stat     .
elena udrea  situaia lui liviu dragnea a prilejuit o constatare  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil trece la pro r .
ce s faci dac te doare n gt  .
dac vrei s vedei un film care s v inspire  uitai v la sta  .
daca tie iti e bine  totul e happy happy joy joy  daca iti e rau   iti intorc fundul si descurca te cum poti  capet .
dac te ai amgit o dat  atunci  cel mai probabil  vei ncerca s o faci din nou   .
 rhondajaylo  findinganswers  realdonaldtrump  trumpbedminster trump has shown no interest in comprehensive reform  .
4 semne ca viata ta este pe cale sa se schimbe in bine  chiar daca acum iti este greu  .
mexico offered asylum    keep them there    91  false asylum claims   over 800k backlog cases   costs billions   92  no show .
descrcai si probati aplicaia sa vedem dac iti merge  e convenabil pentru cei care merg pe jos   .
dac ne au invitat  ne am pozat i la panou  expoziia  louisvuitton   object nomades   la palazzo serbelloni  un .
 silviufoca eu sunt ok cu el  doar c nu se vede cine i a dat like la tweet  dac asta i gdil egoul  scapi de spam i promoted tweets.
 cursdeguvernare cum este ppp daca este cu statul chinez   unul din p e pentru privat nu   la .
udrea   a cazut si povestea ca femeile ar fi mai loiale si mai devotate decat barbatii  .
deia daca vezi asta amy a fost ceea mai nevasta pe care ai avut o  .
 david rayden  usminority  cbs     continuing to try to take healthcare away from millions when he promised hc to t .
dac tot se apropie sezonul nou game of thrones  .
hackerii anonymous amenin cu atacuri cibernetice uriae dac julian assange nu va fi eliberat   stiri  romania.
daca iti place tae atat de mult trebuie sa asculti stigma  si singularity.
daca in anul 2018 violeta naturala a fost floarea vedeta a evenimentelor private  imprumutandu si culoarea decoru .
elena udrea   situaia lui liviu dragnea a prilejuit o constatare  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil trece la pro r .
 daca mama  trosmislen nisam pametna  energija protesta je jedino iskrena ostalo   ne znam .
daa si parlitii astia au un campionat ca al nostru in care doua echipe daca au bani sunt primele apoi    dumnezeu c .
top 5 din aceast sptmn se nnoiete cu patru politicieni  singurul care rmne n clasament i ocup locul 1 f .
nu tiu dac s rd sau s plng  video      gaf uria fcut de echipa lui mitri  autog .
mereu o sa ma vezi zmbind     rar vei tii daca sunt bine cu adevrat .
dao incolo de soba daca sunt geamurile deschise.
dac sincer  tema ucrainean a zai it deacu    cum la noi aa i la ei   nu ateptai schimbri  niciodat   .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil ar trece la pro romnia .
hmmm acolo unde s multi bani nu mai exista critica jurnalistica ati observat  ce daca suntem pe toate planurile spo .
daca cineva te supara nu face mare tam tam   candva vei regreta .
am luat nite notie  sfaturi preioase de la efu   zu dac neleg ce am scris .
sunt singur acasa si mi e foame  ma apuc de gatit va dau update uri daca am luat foc sau nu.
gndurile lui cristoiu  top 5 politicieni  dac usr plus continu cu scandalurile  pierde .
hackerii anonymous amenin cu atacuri cibernetice uriae dac julian assange nu va fi eliberat .
locul unde turitii risc pedeapsa cu moartea dac i fac selfie uri   video .
jurnal de craiova  elevi amenintati ca nu intra la bac daca nu merg la mitingul psd dragnea din craiova .
this be a grrrrreat coach  i m not comparrin     they re doin    and swab the deck  it be th  job   daca  i have re .
gndurile lui cristoiu  top politicieni  dac usr plus continu cu scandalurile  pierdeelectoratul .
 i0n1ca daca va avea forma aia de 5s s ar putea sa mi placa     .
 miszadriii vezi daca ai ceara in urechi .
 elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil ar trece la pro romnia   digi24 .
udrea  despre situaia lui dragnea  a czut i povestea c femeile ar fi mai loiale dect brbaii  nu m ar mira d .
gndurile lui cristoiu  top politicieni  dac usr plus continu cu scandalurile  pierde electoratul   .
 iraphahell daca vii pe samp te ve intalni cu mai multi  just sayin     .
underrated tweet       two walls go up in 2 months  land mines laid in between      all illegals deported in 2 months  .
2  patul    este bine ca lenjeriile sa fie schimbate o data pe sptmn sau la doua sptmni  ns fata de perna t .
dac i am gresit spune mi mie nu altora ca eu ti am greit  nu alii  .
 theatlantic pax americana forgets the ethnic cleansing done by the other party  be careful how you report on this dark period  theatlantic.
hehehe  tinerii vor fi in faa popilor  seems legit  daca ar mai fi si aplecati  ar fi exact cum sunt preotii catol .
 loveusaamerica true colors always come out with the democrats one way or another    they dont care about illegals .
daca il intreb de clt o sa zica ca are 45.
i dac dragostea i tot ce ai    .
singurul gest care te poate salva daca faci infarct     gt        dr  vasi radulescu   pui mana ime .
 tontogol  made in sua  mitri i a pus minile n cap  video   a greit incredibil i i a ngropat echipa         nu .
.
am zis cu voce tare  daca ar vedea tom self indulgence m ar asasina  si m a intrebat mario ce e aia self indulgence  aoleu.
ianis hagi stie numele echipei pe care  o va lua in calcul  daca i se propune un transfer         iubesc fotbalul si as .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil ar trece la proromnia .
daca sunt geloasa     llllllllllllooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll   da .
i smoke the liberals say my virginity while i push start seeing the daca expires  if youre never allow.
e 2019 i acum un biat e considerat gay dac are prul lung .
dac i doreti s te alturi echipei de profesioniti generali  noi te ateptm cu drag  trimite ne cv ul i vino .
goin  brazy at the daca expires  if hillary or  now  oprah  oprah 2020 not care and mula  yeah  yeah.
 zoso asta e doar o particularitate de la   dac dai peste iris cntnd  dai skip cu ncredere .
 officialjld honestly  jld since everyone knows you re hispanic  you should totally do it    for  daca   .
 repjerrynadler no different than what your party has done for years   lets add start with daca  the callous remark .
rt pink about it  rt pink about it  trump called the democrats out on daca  by offering to give pathway to citizens .
 bitatgjiu70 la fel e i acum  dac vreau thom yorke   hearing damage trebuie s cumpr toat coloana sonor twilig .
cum tii dac eti ntr o relaie potrivit pentru tine  este suficient s v iubii i s discutai deschis despre .
multe mame au emoii cnd vine vorba de baia bebeluului  de tierea unghilor i n general  de tot ce ine de igie .
 fowerli  maddssss   cgafutbol  ilhanmn kinda like the green new deal  we all know daca was concieved with nothing .
cum mama dracu n am murit eu cnd eram copil nu stiu             acum in stia copiii n pampers  le dau din .
 aegyobbts  love maze bts  btschartdata imagineaz i dac vin in romnia  la arena sau stadion.
ce se ntmpl n organism dac mnnci nuci n fiecare zi  .
 drugdjura  daca mama inae  izmeu okupljanja u 12 i onog bacanja suzavca sa zgrade inexa u masu bilo je nekoliko .
                      peing   .
 covfefebeeans nu    dar daca mai vrei sa ma faci afis  step on me queen step on my neck.
si daca tot am vorbit de reclame creepy  pisica fake  din reclama la haleala de pisici sheba  seamana cu motanul di .
 drugdjura  daca mama interesantno je da sam ja proao pored tanjuga pa ka trgu i bukvalno nisam video policajca us .
nu m ar mira dac i viorica dancila ar trece la pro romnia .
sippin  out of the daca expires  if or the fuck what the base  i stand with news awards  the kremlins.
 malakan00077984       they even spelled bts wrongly   betese jdnd what is this   and the  nu se .
apropo de spitale i catedrale  dac lumea ar merge mai des la biseric i ar interioriza mesajul lui hristos  ar a .
aa ceva   elevii sunt ameninai c nu intr la bac dac nu merg la mitingul psdragnea din craiova   puterea romn .
 discountop  graphstro  realdonaldtrump no   there was a plan wall     for daca in 2017  and trump reneged  and if .
dac dai peste zepp cntat de iris  dai skip cu ncredere  au mcelrit toate piesele .
 beth run  graphstro  realdonaldtrump true   paul ryan for one  he shot it down  they had many plans and still do  .
daca are cineva eseu cu o scrisoare pierduta va rog dati mil in dm ca am o criza amu thank you.
dac minciuna  prosteala i manipularea  s ar premia la ce polonia 2019  raducan amp forminte amp stoics amp bitang amp grigoras ar .
  lor3scu  azi da  dar maine nu mai imi permit  daca se intampla din nou  .
se ning spiritele  .
un nou sistem de administrare a parcrilor n constana       dac facem un simplu calcul  cei care vor parca de vineri .
elena udrea vine cu o terorie bomb  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil ar trece la proromnia .
m ntreb dac tu esti bine sau nu      c mie de dor imi vine s mor   .
duminic muzical cu radio romnia muzical  ansamblul anton pann  i prietenii muzicieni din maroc     dac dorii s .
 haudmahcoat  lucasmillar5gm1  rtuknews  rt com that enter the country illegally  get that through your head   lega .
 daca  dreamers  familiesbelongtogether  fightlikeamother  ricardodeande  ricardo de anda muchas gracias senor  god .
pentru doamnele si domnisoarele din iasi  daca vreti o manichiura perfecta  bagati un ochi pe pagina asta  sa vedet .
mini sinningia e ruda mai mica a gloxiniei si a violetei  la fel ca ele creste foarte bine in substrat de turba aci .
sunati acum   daca suna ocupat    sunati din nou   .
o campanie gandita si sustinuta de elevi  pentru colegii lor  se intampla in peste 20 de licee din tot atatea judet .
auauauau  s a mutat una pe scar cu mine  bun ru  blondu  minion  ochi de pici i un cur din la ferm  lucrat .
 edusuperiorec  unemi ec cundo llega el correo donde indica que aceptaron la matricula  .
dac nu ai parte de o pensie special  trebuie s i faci un plan de economisire ct mai devreme .
elena udrea  nu m ar mira dac viorica dncil trece la altpartid .
cum se ajunge la meci  ce se ntmpl prin salonic  unde se poate vedea live meciul de pe 21  altfel  dac nu vine .
udrea dezbate situaia lui dragnea  dncil ar putea pleca la alt partid .
cristi minculescu  m nemulumete  la romnia de azi lejeritatea de acceptare a non valorilor i ideea c putem r .
citete pe  dac ai probleme cu tiroida  iat ce alimente poi consuma fr griji  gt  gt  .
 filippaunovici ieea mult mai ok dac mai ntrzia 20 30 de minute  a fost bezn   .
 mihaimdima  ionutzelgabriel  silviufoca  georgedoga89 n tenerife  tot timpul  i se nmulesc i multiplic la nesfrit dac au ap .
graduada daca se muda a mxico por su propiavoluntad   la opinin  .
   .
 breitbartnews  no daca i m sure she will .
din costa rica  elena udrea bag bul prin gard i l avertizeaz pe liviu dragnea     .
.
 no daca  krassenstein one big difference  putin interfered with our presidential elections for trump  no american .
 jali cat  icegov  dhsgov trump  doesn t need congress to deport every single daca  amp  adult illegal alien in the usa .
cum s m distrez dac trebuie s fac linite .
ending daca without comprehensive immigration reform is wrong      .
arhimandritul nectarie clinci  stareul mnstirii sihstria putnei   acest caz al printelui cleopa nu tiu dac s .
 dac vrei sa vezi raiul uit te n ochii unui copil   dostoievski.
miercuri  17 aprilie de la ora 18 00 va avea loc ora de yoga pentru copii   izvoraul vesel  daca veniti  va rugam  .
 al pas se lo daca adelante trabajando  dice el pelotudo al que lo manipulan mediante sus propios valores y que ha .
dimineaa facem glume  seara organizm piese de teatru  zilnic salvm patrupezi  facem voluntariat  nu iubim corup .
jimmy kimmel faces off with maga fools  embraces daca family      .
dac mi am cerut scuze iart m.
 acnewsitics if they are illegals  then they will be arrested again  what s the purpose  with the hardship they hav .
 petebuttigieg you need to come up with a plan to get the obama coalition by uniting every1  by telling them the he .
pantumul magnoliilor   autor   nicu haloiu  pantumul magnoliilor i dac este primvar .
 adamcbest  realdonaldtrump you mean they get prosecuted for less crime  if here  working it means they were not pr .
 no daca  krassenstein lol    .
do dems want daca to be explaining tonight why it s so important .
aa c credincioilor dac suntei i slabi  degeaba v rugai  c bandajul divin nu are efect    c imediat  repet .
romnia i corupia  verdictul tios al unui ziarst american  cutare politician greu  poate fi blamat c i umple .
coolinaria  14 04 2013      dac tot suntei nnebunii dup ceafa de porc la grtar  la plit  la wok  cum o fi  doar .
        peing   .
coolinaria  14 04 2016      la gust nu e mare diferen fa de cartofii clasici  fierb doar puin mai greu  prin fierb .
congratulations to ucf for the daca program and develop a humane policy .
dac un lup  mi a halit o oaie  din stn  nseamn c sunt un cioban   oaierless        bun dimineaa    simindu se amuzat.
 no daca  krassenstein  cherijacobus isn t it amazing that these nuts just never stop with the broken record lies a .
chiar dac suntem la aceleai mese n saloanele ue  nato sau uefa  ne despart generaii ntregi de realizri .
 no daca  krassenstein  1 use  you re  not your if you want to sound smart     2 they have nothing and want a better .
 realjameswoods backpage  daca  childtrafficking     sextrafficking     pedowood.
te pis n cursul fraiere  infracionalitatea e precum jegul de pe mini  dac continuai s mncai fr s v spl .
 gavinnewsom you and your party did this by refusing to even discuss reform  when he offered daca a path to stay  y .
 toddtheodd  jordanfabian those cages are from the obama administration and their policies that potus has been as .
ld  vin nite maimuioi  nite mscrici s ne spun c nu suntem europeni  .
 joegeeeeeee   sindawg  dan the only way people might regret it is because people hate him soo much just because th .
 adambaldwin well  for starters  i believe all daca kids should be granted citizenship  they were brought here as s .
 appropsdems  reppeteaguilar  reploisfrankel  chelliepingree  repbarbaralee  repmarkpocan  repkclark  repcheri .
got engaged with daca reaches a meat pie and the base  i sell some oxycont  some of fielding calls.
o  daca ne ar fi dat tuturor sa ancoram cu bine la tarmul patriei ceresti .
daca pleci  ia ma si pe mine  .
i a s vedem poliia nu tie de chiriai torionari  de acest fenomen de 20de ani  dac nu tie ce dracu  mai caut .
 tinacar07548193  mitchellvii i realize trump has gotten zero help on the wall  but if i were him i wouldve told c .
 andyostroy  realdonaldtrump because you demonrats refuse to work with our  duly  elected president       the left alre .
this is the same guy who wouldnt consider immigration except one small piece at a time and only after the entire 2 .
 gemisura  realdonaldtrump democrats blocked daca in the senate  you need 60 votes.
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti better than being blind and d .
 jeffreybordel11  cjr rainey  myakeener  ltnldy805  realdonaldtrump again  how are they doing it illegally  they ha .
so far the trump administration is the only one thats offered immigration reform  he even offered to give yall da .
 fueldog1  anne19brown  j man63  happycycler  truthsearch1957  yosemiteham1  stand4flag  003a04f8c2054b7 .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti well then don t bitch and moa .
 repjerrynadler isn t that what you democrats have been doing with daca .
 realdonaldtrump you had the white house  senate and house for two years  what did you do about immigration  nothin .
 anne19brown  notcherbizness  j man63  happycycler  truthsearch1957  yosemiteham1  stand4flag  003a04f8c2054b7 .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti yeah 400 pages of mumbo jumbo .
 patrina5800  tessmonsta  whitehouse undocumented immigrants  including daca holders  are    ineligible to receive mo .
if i recall  didn t  o potus bus daca kids north where school systems became overcrowded  so what s  the diff  .
 nanu mihai dac te crezi tare n logica gndete te ca unii compara oamenii cu un sistem de operare.
 politico great you can start by granting a clear path to citizenship to all daca recipients  extend tps to el salv .
termina el cuarto round de toma y daca mungua an no se asienta y hogan entre abri la puerta  sin hacer mayor da .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump doesn t want you to know that the daca kids pay in to taxes and social security   .
nu m mic i matur cu voi de ase ani  dac dac fac un pas  tremur pmntul  i vine vremea pasului votai epe  .
b pisaciosilor v fut n cur cu tot cu fabrica voastr  cu tot cu televiziunile  radiourile etc    dac nu au  .
 judicialwatch  bizpacreview dhs website had the number at 25 000 in 2014  after obamas announcement of daca  they flooded california.
i have been calling for her  speakerpelosi to be primaried for a long time   senschumer too i have no doubt they wi .
finally the fu ker wants to work across the aisle to get laws passed  maybe this is the time the dreamers and daca .
b deci am adormit de 4 ori n ultimele 10 min cu cartea in brate dar nu vreau s m culc c vreau s prind rsrit .
b dac asta e toat puterea avon suntei futui v mnnc  votai epe preedinte .
yes we do  close our borders and start mass deportation of all illegals refugees visa overstays daca brats anchor b .
 reptedlieu oh  puulleease  how bout you guys do something about daca  a congressional responsi ility a d make hone .
 usvisalawyer  isquaredact  realdonaldtrump  lightfootforchi  jbpritzker sanctuary states don so much for illegals .
 martin riggs19  nachocerrato si  y de hecho el poso autntico que me qued es que si siguen con el toma y daca  se van a pelear .
 fueldog1  notcherbizness  j man63  happycycler  truthsearch1957  yosemiteham1  stand4flag  003a04f8c2054b7 .
did you also know that emery helps 10 or more illegal  criminal illegal  undocumented alliances as well as daca rep .
america did you also know that emery give illegal  criminal illegal  undocumented alliances and daca repents free e .
 notcherbizness  j man63  happycycler  truthsearch1957  yosemiteham1  stand4flag  003a04f8c2054b7  ccinthemiddle .
 andyinak49  thehill like the dems using the daca dreamers      one sided as usual.
 scaramucci time to get on board for daca and sanctuary cities  who should be welcoming the opportunity to take in .
 jiminhofe seems the  gop could not get it together to pass a sensible immigration bill in 2017 2018  and you could .
 drifting free  franklin graham i pointed out that they claim they already get help   did you read the article   bu .
n prezent  n japonia  este bine n numrul actual  chiar dac faci retweet  forele opuse le vor exploata i le v .
dac vrei s mnnci sntos trebuie ca  mai nti de toate  s posteti sntos  pentru c mncarea dup mncare n .
 anne19brown  notcherbizness  j man63  happycycler  truthsearch1957  yosemiteham1  stand4flag  003a04f8c2054b7 .
dac vrei s vinzi gogoi de tuf trebuie s te faci astrolog sau vlogger  n ambele cazuri ai un teritoriu imens pentru a btea cmpii .
 realdonaldtrump dems have a choice now  work together  straighten out the immigration laws once and for all  and a .
 tedingfield  johnbrennan i m sure you cried foul when obozo broke the law  daca is clearly a subjugation of laws .
 gopleader  repmarkmeadows  senatemajldr  senjoniernst  johncornyn  stevescalise  scavino45  parscale .
 jiminhofe 1  where  2  how long  3  how much     4  who will build   5  construction schedule  6  environmental co .
on your 18th birthday  immigration officials will come for you          borderwall  bordercrossing .
 realdonaldtrump you promised to stop immigration  daca  and to build a wall   you havent done any of it .
 sahilkapur trump s saying  democrats must  change  immigration laws  should read  democrats must  capitulate   to .
 kendilaniannbc im old enough to remember trump reneging on a deal w dems on daca and wall money .
  fake news fake news    nu exista viata dupa moarte  noi suntem energie care se hraneste cu lipide  lichide  glucide .
 realdonaldtrump why not give the daca kids an actual reason to hate you  make the dems play ball or start deportin .
 jeremyr86  robbiesherman77  byronyork gee  isn t that like when the dems used the daca  people  .
contul japonez pe care l returnez este n principal o carte sau un cont nou  dac dorii s aflai limba japonez .
the headline of the story is  doing it all  how a daca recipient balances friends  family  status and the transitio .
co panelists after screening of the unafraid at cinema detroit  director heather courtney  daca immigrant advocat .
 realdonaldtrump the incompetence is incredible and the mess is yours to own  the muslim ban  daca reversal  years .
 trump  daca  california  illegalaliens  sanctuarycity .
jesus christ    people don t even understand daca still   amazing      humans before political agendas .
  if pence cared about iowans  he wouldnt have done something as disingenuous as attaching it to the anti daca deal .
affordable care act  benghazi  fast and furious  spying on candidate trump  daca  blocking bernie from being the de .
 goosedeals  donaldjtrumpjr uh  i seem to recall an immigration deal was struck last year  where trump got  25 bill .
 realdonaldtrump       republicans had been courting ignorant racist voters for a long time   and those ignorant racist .
 politico fckouttahere   senatemajldr ain t slick   this is about  realdonaldtrump needing a win and a way out .
 rulefollower  mark kawada  jordanfabian  realdonaldtrump dems do not deny a crisis  theyre just not going to vote .
 soulofalba i scriu n romn  dac vrei   .
 sensanders by the way becuz of your princess omar u have lost the vote of dem jews daca hates pelosi trump has cop .
if we dont like the  president interfering in  immigration with executive order powers  why did we allow the presi .
 no daca  fairimmigration  cnnpolitics  evanperez that poor city is under attack .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall and zero tolerance  if illegal you get deported and that includes daca  you would t .
 engele  cautiouslefty  politico chris   political nerd  polit europines  gabethecentrist  contentedindie .
 djlavoie  rafaelshimunov whoa  i am not obama s biggest fan  but i don t think culpability for using executive pow .
 andrewpollackfl daca kids are not illegals   language matters  you can be pro immigration reform without lashing o .
daca sent me a dick pic and low key it was kinda sexy   .
 realjack trump exposed the democrats when they walked away from their precious daca people  now he is exposing the .
 ilhanmn why do you lie   the fact is schumer and pelosi rejected trumps immigration compromise that included daca .
dac mintea mea superb pete ceva  poporul i universul  tie la ce ua s bat.
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti you must have been blind when they voted on all 4 bills.
 metallgurll  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti correct and they can wait in the .
 antena3 dac i o trebuit s le o trag  s plteasc .
daca can explain very clearly 2 the   illegal immigrants y the dems    particularly californians through   them under the .
 ilhanmn how about fix  daca.
 zei nabq  nycnavid trump has done more for this country than any president in history you would hate me i would mo .
  judgejeanine  dbongino yes  it s odd on one hand the dems  welcome  illegals  but when it comes to accepting them .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump you stand with ilhan omar  lol  thanks for letting us know you hate our country so muc .
 realdonaldtrump    fuck that shit    don t you dare let them go to sanctionary citys         what are you crazy          shu .
 ilhanmn obama caged the children  your a liar  all of this mess began when he was in office and created daca  the .
trump called the democrats out on daca  by offering to give pathway to citizenship if democrats accepted   knowing .
 realjameswoods  so true  but like daca they will abandon them  have the democrats even talked about daca recently .
 realdonaldtrump republicans must act fast to work with democrats to assist with immigration  pass daca  improve se .
 realdonaldtrump you could have had your wall last year  but you wouldn t give anything in return  daca    learn to play well with others.
i know one damn thing  american taxpayer s are not paying for these asylum seekers or daca dreamers   we are tired .
 lightonit1  foxmoorestates  potus  tuckercarlson  speakerpelosi will they thank her like her daca dreamers did whe .
 dhsgov  no daca thank you to each and everyone of you for your hard work and dedication to protecting americans.
 adamschiff  davidcicilline where is the one about solving the immigration system that any fool recognizes as unwor .
 tfw you didnt think his tweets could get any worse and then he tops himself               istandwithilhan .
 realjameswoods  ukraineblues james     trump s power is in reality     the expression be careful of what u ask for can .
 nycmayor  realdonaldtrump stop   you dems are the ones that wouldn t even talk to trump  he was willing to give le .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump oh like the dems have been doing with blacks  daca  and illegals for years  all talk .
 realdonaldtrump why didnt you change the laws the first two years  stop blaming other side  do you have a plan to .
ending daca without comprehensive immigration reform is wrong .
jimmy kimmel faces off with maga fools  embraces daca family  via  theladyarcher77.
daca called me a little fugly tonight and im not upset or surprised.
 turnoutpac dem party is toast  it flops like a fish on hot sidewalk  it eats its own  contradicts its claims   it cl .
i heard daca been talking sh t about me  .
 no daca  krassenstein wrong just wrong.
send every fucking one back  daca  and anchors too  .
 fromero715 for the wall issue  yikes   nothing what you brought up i think  he needs to take what he offered daca .
remember this  daca peeps .
how a day that started with a bipartisan immigration deal ended with a shi hole   .
 repjerrynadler no hes getting them to a safe place  you big fat liar  we all saw what you did to  realcandaceo .
 silkwoodkevin  noula1953  realdonaldtrump nope  they slipped in extending tps  daca and the dream act  that would .
 pgord11  graphstro  realdonaldtrump not to give up daca or the wall .
 palpablediscord legal immigration is all good  id like government funded abortion so thats where we differ  im .
 victore64933334 cumprate n sua    internetul falsific informaiile  umberto eco spunea c internetul a permis pro .
 realdonaldtrump start with the so called garbage daca and tps      immediate deportation     60  millions of hardc .
 crunk5454  no daca it does not matter what their net worth is unless you are a man that has to earn more than the .
fa tu asta  ce cauti la mine pe profil daca nu dai like  te dai mare cu geanta  gucci  da esti asa zgrcit nu ti p .
 realdonaldtrump you had what you wanted  the ego wall  in exchange for daca and you backed out   remember  you cou .
 aunkmaa  twitchyteam what is with the identity politics an race baiting    what has color of skin got to do with a .
mc of sw 45 is deflecting again      dont take the bait        no deal on daca    no deal on health care    no deal o .
 no daca ca has gone down the tubes for more than sixty years  property taxes are outrageous  people cannot afford .
 realdonaldtrump not long ago there was a bipartisan immigration bill  you torpedoed it because it didn t contain f .
again  an american citizen who has lost a military family member  cannot get into a college  even with the grades  .
 asahutchinson    governor hutchinson signs two bills in support of daca immigrants      you re a disgrace   .
 repdancrenshaw  no daca i am tired of seeing this woman endangering our country  i am tired of seeing the same cli .
 kfish63 expand the ahca  raise taxes on 1   reinstate daca  review and reverse iq45s eos  specifically around th .
 realdonaldtrump didn t you just say that you weren t going to take them to sanctuary cities   nevermind i will get .
 sthrnmomngram  daca.
 no daca  breitbartnews excellent question  why is mexico not doing this .
ive done was the daca to believe that know it to vote for the democrats to.
on your 18th birthday  immigration officials will come for you          borderwall  bordercrossing .
 no daca  kamalaharris  ilhanmn so much for her good deeds  she will not last much longer .
 realdonaldtrump you must hold open hearings on bi partisan comprehensive immigration reform    it s been needed fo .
 femomau88  ucatolicaec partido de toma y daca  para mi estaba para cualquiera  hoy los goles le salieron a independiente.
 realdonaldtrump were you picking your nose those two years you controlled all of government  you turned down deals .
dalagang pilipina yeah .
 krassenstein  xspixels  realdonaldtrump the dems have been using daca as chess pieces for 3 years bro wake tfu.
 cachoperez45  realdonaldtrump  gop  senategop  housegop  vp  potus  cnn  maddow  nbcnews  cbsnews  abc  nytimes .
 reallatinotrump  no daca  gavinnewsom where does it say there will be shared locker rooms  what would the fathers .
 adriantoca  camelia30 0 da mai ales daca il shareuieste pe twiter si se apuca toti de comentat   .
 realdonaldtrump    you belong behind bars   why did you not take care of this when you had the majorities   what a .
 cachoperez45  realdonaldtrump  gop  senategop  housegop  vp  potus  cnn  maddow  nbcnews  cbsnews  abc  nytimes .
 gavinnewsom  no daca abusers use more powerful weapons than guns  they use words to destroy and intimidate  contro .
really   oakland  ca mayor  libbyschaaf          what congress did in not  taking  potus seriously about        his  daca r .
no  this is not acceptable on any level .
i am not continuing with my plans just because i don t want my parents worrying about me but i had decided to re en .
        peing   .
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
 dete epruvete ja sam daa nedostini  junak 23 i po veka .
 no daca  fairimmigration  cnnpolitics  evanperez do not believe that .
 cachoperez45  realdonaldtrump  gop  senategop  housegop  vp  potus  cnn  maddow  nbcnews  cbsnews  abc  nytimes .
 ilhanmn a comprehensive immigration reform was proposed by president trump and turned down by the democrats which .
 kobayashimaroon  stacybricker  hillaryclinton the nation suffered through 8 years of obama running roughshod over .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti he will get bot without daca  .
 jmorgangallery  charliekirk11 border is actually causing increased surges to it  he couldnt rest with obamas suc .
 telemundonews daca fue una payasada de obama al final seguia siendo ilegal buena desicion ojala y todos esos malag .
 leaderhoyer  repjimcosta  houseagdems  nrdems unlike current 800k daca recipients since i didn t come before 2008  .
 unfilteredse  secupp  benfergusonshow  mariatcardona remember the gang of eight  2013  gop refused to compromise  .
 speakerpelosi  usafricacommand  us eucom what a waste of tax payer money  you can get these briefs in the states  .
 codeofvets  no daca no i love you and saying a piece and except him anyway is a great soldier.
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti they lie to get asylum  they .
 en directo  min 62      ahora s  el toma y daca que esperaba la gente  idv y la chato demostrando porqu son dos de .
 ilhanmn muslims from majority countries can travel here  stop spreading lies  ur party has many bills to support d .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti first  an asylum applicant mu .
 jonahnro do actually think congress wants to fix this  neither side wanted to fix it for past 30 years  he offered .
 ilhanmn are fing kidding me  u r not an american  amp  the only threat here is you  trump has tried working with the i .
creo tambin que parte del descontrol ha sido que ni ozzie ni gregu se han impuesto en el mediocampo y ha sido un .
 theytukerrrjobs  suzanne54837213  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti are you from mars  look at th .
congress is considering legislation to protect tps  ded  and daca .
 jrubinblogger  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  senatemajldr  gopleader  lindseygrahamsc  speakerpelosi  senschumer .
 joekillian3  seanocasey1  frankluntz there was no plan  like the children that were separated from their parents a .
 blacpattie s account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy  learn more .
 ryanafournier  marymister8 funny how the 9th circuit became non political after  potus decides to deliver the ille .
 realjameswoods matter of fact  offer them daca only if they remain in california or new york .
 guneezzz sanctuary cities allow people to violate the law         ice is enforcing the law        daca is immigration poli .
 thomas1774paine so librals vote yo pay reparations for something our ancestors did to someone else ancestors   but .
 davidwohl  kadajoza just as they used daca as a cudgel  just as they used chuldren in cages from 2014 as a hammer  .
apai nici mama mea nu o avut ce face cu mine si mo dat la spital si mo lasat acolo nici nu so mai intors macar sa v .
  chuupiter denisa jskakskdjw n am aer daca nu primesc macar un 10 plang maxim.
banii te pot ajuta s cumperi tot ce vrei        dac n ai bani  i inteligena ajut       dac n ai inteligen  politee .
 no daca because the dems think our country is a democracy    we are a constitutional republic.
you can help 2 siblings with their daca renewal fees .
turns out it wasnt a daca application but i just helped a client fill out a citizenship application all on my own         .
daily reminder   daca recipients can t apply for citizenship  4 13 2019 .
 gavinnewsom  no daca so are your ready for all those illegal aliens coming to your sanctuary state   enjoy .
nu esti fan adevarat selly daca nu ti a ramas pentru cel putin o zi in cap hit ul  unde mi e placuta de manfrotto .
what rights do dreamers and daca recipients have   rutgerslaw staff attorney pina cirillo spoke to  montclairscm ab .
 no daca they are illegal    they are not doing it the right way   i don t want my tax money going to keep them up .
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt yess   roarmy am facut treaba buna chiar daca e aproape 2 noaptea    .
numele melodiei daca se poate  .
 instead of demonizing the undocumented immigrants   we re going to pass comprehensive immigration reform       we re g .
 no daca  fairimmigration  washingtonpost  mikedebonis  rachaelmbade heres you go  .
 johntiegen  breitbartnews um   the dems were offered a deal on daca dreamers a number of times while negotiating w .
 manga daca nije to jedina budala  ova je obrisala kad sam joj se nakaila na tvit  ali ima jo pametnih  ne brini  ba vam se dopalo.
 no daca  whatsth61068280  fairimmigration because democrats in congress stonewall  its the only way they get votes  pray for america .
 manga daca  srbin    jeremic vuk  dragandjilas  boristadic58  savezzasrb  demokrate  spdveri  borkostef .
persoanele interesate de aspectele de parenting i alptare nutriie pe care le mai postam pe aici pot da like pagi .
american patriots tell trump to shove it unfit  25thamendmentnow  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
brainwashed  amp  gullible how to save our youth   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
points down   student enrichment coupled with daca team taught teacher strikes which would help other teacher know .
 senatemajldr  fcc  ajitpaifcc  potus sure   don t fix roads  don t bring down national debt  don t take care of da .
 realjameswoods this is how trump gets the dems to show their true colors and every time they fall for it  offer da .
 realdonaldtrump no illegal immigrant should be given anything  deport them all  amp  no daca .
beneficiaria de daca regresa a mxico  estaba harta de vivir con miedo a que la migra llegar a tocar la puerta de .
 ilhanmn really  can you explain why your party rejected the daca fix for wall funding   doltlogic  dumbocrattheology  looneyleft.
trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t care about kids i .
 ilhanmn wrong ilhan  dems even walk away from one sided deals in your favor  never happy with any  now will not ge .
 newtgingrich whatever happened to the daca emergency democrats talked about incessantly   .
 realtors trump supporters      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t care about kids i .
 miamidadecounty trump supporters   ldon t care about russia   u don t care about gop misogyny     u don t care about kid .
 vincentvega66  camelia30 0 claudiu  e un newsletter  asta nseamn c nu i l bag nimeni pe gt  l citete cine .
 geraldorivera trump is using the same idea the democrats have been using illegal immigrants and daca for  politica .
 realdonaldtrump remember when obama didn t care when calif  residents complained when he dumped daca kids on them  .
do you want to support  daca recipients       help them pay for their  daca renewal fee       support our daca renewal fund .
 sarahpalinusa its so awesome how donald trump knows exactly how to make them show the true feelings of the democr .
crnica   un toma y daca que gan el cd tenerife  captulo 34        rayomajadahondatenerife        .
liderul psd  liviu dragnea  ia in calcul prezidentialele  daca va fi liber  via  youtube.
am o intrebare daca esti intarziat mintal cu handicap mediu cam cat ar veni pensia de handicap cati bani iti da sa .
 jbalvin  musica latina a placut mereu  te emotioneaza chiar daca nu intelegi tot   duminica placuta .
 peace2who i 5 oktobra su izali na gotovo .
 daca mama beograani svi ostali u kuama mislili bie suzavca i batina    .
expert  daca amnesty to increase illegal population to 14 million  cost billions .
 peace2who razvlaie boka  i da je hteo neto danas   ko bi se usudio .
 senatemajldr if you are actually serious about bi partisanship  of course  not w  mixed race prez  then you need t .
 daca mama izgleda    .
ohh i get it  its ok for illegal immigrants to come here  just not to your neighborhood right  kinda reminds of the .
 drugdjura ovi pametniji.
 hillaryclinton daca.
va rog nu ma lsai i ajutatima si pe mine  ce se va ntmpla cu fetiele mele daca eu nu voi mai fi va rog din su .
 daca mama jeste   samo tog dana policija je pendreila sve koji su hteli na trg republike da se okupe pre 12 h   i .
 ozmawesker  dreesipstea  realdonaldtrump i have more than i need and i am happy to share  fyi i sponsored a daca r .
 drugdjura isto je bila borba za slobodu medija   tv bastilja  .
 cteodat merge i varianta cnd vorbesc la telefon i i ntrebi dac te las afar iar ei foarte grbii i spu .
dac ai niste prini stricti aici sunt niste idei     f curenie n camer     spune le unde mergi cu cine la ce or .
ce s faci nainte de a i ntreba prinii dac te las afar  .
 mamendoza480     justyce     webuildthewall i support  webuildthewall and start deporting the 1 8 million illegals .
 potus  larry kudlow  whitehousecea  vp  whitehouse    allow daca dreamers never more than tps  no legalization unl .
 dreamers  daca .
morosan    cand vin acasa vreu sa merg pe autostrada de la cluj la iasi    daca nu se poate o sa pon mana pe coasa .
bipartisan comprehensive immigration action faced republicans wanting only to one tiny thing at a time multiple tim .
 ladileo  whitehouse  vp more people were going back than coming in from mexico  daca had a reasonable plan  there .
 ambrusbela  dar partidul europa unita a zis ca gigel fra e doar un manypulatu daca nu asculti de sorou  o fi bine .
daca assange nu ar sti ceva secrete care ar putea fi un pericol iminent pentru  killary si urmatoarele alegeri din .
cod rutier 2019 actualizat  ce amend riti dac vorbeti la telefon n timpul condusului  descarc pdf cod rutier .
theyre making me help with a daca renewal but i didnt practice that one as much ahhhh.
can we give up just give up    allow daca illegal path to naturalization in exchange for mexico accepting all the dem .
how do we know  secupp is a liar  trump proposed a  5 7b proposal that offered tps  amp  daca protections for more barr .
if  daca kids aren t responsible for the actions their of their parents          then why should i pay for actions of .
 cnn  donlemon democy have been doing it for decades   come on  you are not fooling the daca kids    .
i ask  speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom  senschumer  repmaxinewaters why cant you accept these poor illegal immigrants t .
 patty78962  thehill its not an easy fix  theres currently hundreds of illegal people in immigration limbo or und .
 merrybird  no daca  jessicav cis  rmconservative we shouldn t but will be rammed down our throats.
 hectorrfdez  no daca  jessicav cis  housegop  senategop so schulz for you .
 nancycarol69  no daca  jessicav cis  rmconservative  senatemajldr that nagging question    .
 no daca  kamalaharris  ilhanmn i would actually call ilhan omar and tell her to resign  but i do not negotiate with terrorists.
 brotello is there such a thing as a daca recipient in good standing .
finally        supreme court addressing rampant illegal alien  not legal immigrants  abuses       time  scotus make illegal .
 no daca they want diversity in skin tone but not socioeconomically or in terms of viewpoint   it s very superficial.
 v actually  ruthieredsox yes  he had this planned all along  he wanted daca   nothings been done about immigration .
 vuck0je  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas volela bih da greim   .
 jimni27 trump had a wall deal in exchange for daca and then blew it up because stephen miller told him to  he made his own mess .
the third round had several people asking  well  what s your solution  smart guy         been pretty clear about polici .
there are about 700 000 daca immigrant recipients in the u s   up to 6 700 of them in michigan  a documentary scree .
 daca mama  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas bogami  ucesnici demonstracija licitiraju cifra .
 shotemall in viata reala  nu am intors obrazul niciodata dar in virtual  in trecut  l am intors de multe ori     m .
dac voi nc rdei la junimea si la scriitorul  suntei o cauz pierduta  .
 sheriffclarke  no daca she is a bag on bones .
dac mai era vreun dubiu c pagina e administrat de incompeteni         nu  vaccinurile nu sunt injectate direct n s .
um  obama caged them first  congress passes legislation  not the president  he signs off on legislation  are you ca .
 trosmislen ja ila taksijem  ima se  moe se.
 iuiduana bucura te ca merge din orice pozitie ca mi s o intamplat si mie si merge doar daca sta pe o suprafata dre .
 lawfareblog  qjurecic  benjaminwittes how is it different from a daca eo .
 shawng927  mcguirescotty  mymynags  deplorablejujuv  redwinggrips  cindy nurse  steeltyton  brenderm1  rbigzs  zyrofoxtrot  junogsp7 daca .
 antijavre  acplusd  santaromica  change daca i face o muie larga kobei cum ia facut 10 ani sefului statului para .
 vuck0je  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas ja vas u potpunosti razumem ali narod oigledno n .
 jonilittle85  mckeowned  erikapryan quit his candidcy  pres  trump is one of many president s who has said  congre .
 daca mama  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas ako je tako  onda tih 30000 ljudi  mada bih ja .
 gop  vp the only border crisis is the one the trump admin has created   how about trying to follow the constitutio .
 aoc if you re for open borders and daca and illegals  you have no fucking business talking about the working class .
 kontra bot  daca mama  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas oslusnite glas naroda  mnogi setaju iz postovan .
artrita reumatoid constituie o problem serioas n viaa ta  nu eti singura persoan care se confrunt cu acest .
 ilhanmn democrats were given every opportunity for comprehensive immigration reform  including a citizenship pathw .
just like when potus has tried to negotiate a deal on daca  the left shows once again that they don t actually care .
 kontra bot  daca mama  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas mi normalni mozemo da biramo hocemo li menjati .
 vuck0je  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas ko da skine silom  30000 ljudi  ne razumem   .
you are a member of the congressional black caucus  so how do you justify advocacy for  daca in absence of the same .
when black people make demands  then we are shortsighted  how       this wasnt said about hispanics who said that they .
 leroivamis nu mi spune  ai fost la auto soft  nu de alta  dar de 10 ani au patent pe placa asta  care nu este apro .
7  why should black voters support presidential candidates that fail to have an agenda for black people       many othe .
 kontra bot  daca mama  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas kad saberu zatucane ruralce koji su indoktrinir .
had an amazing time at the  watesol  advocacy day  it was great learning more about  advocating for  immigrant  .
dac blocul acum nu i va dezvolta simul de autoaprare i nu vor contacta cu psrm  nu vor accepta propunerea    .
 kontra bot  daca mama  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas da li ti gradjanko shvatas da na izborima ovog .
  regretatul karl lagerfeld spunea c nu poi da niciodat gre dac pori o rochie neagr  aceasta nu e nici prea .
 daca mama  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas kad sam napisao rok  mislio sam na rok za ispun .
 aug1405  135f3e8b14ed4bf  no daca  h hercog  lolam1222  jacksrbetter501  308saiga  rosenbalmmr  cherieproud .
 daca mama  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas a vi pickice  setate se tu u nedogled i lazete .
 cbsnews hey nancy  some people  think your  nuts    including   some people  who are independents that are disgust .
 daca mama  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas nikad necemo saznati pravu istinu u vezi tih iz .
 no daca those officials who refuse to honor warrants from ice want feds to help them in solving other crimes  ille .
 daca mama  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas to je vrlo upitno da li je izgubio zaista ili z .
 senwhitehouse clarify which bill you mean  the  25 billion one w daca fix in early 2018  needs to be brought to th .
thanks to  dreamers  daca  artists maria de los angeles  amp  francisco donoso for challenging constructs such labeling .
 un aparat foto    un caiet si un creion pentru a desena    pastile in caz ca ai ru de main     erveele    dezinfectan .
 love maze bts  btschartdata aah m am prins    da ar fi fost  pcat     totui  1 pe spotify  daca ar exista .
 no daca that just makes good sense .
over 800 000 talented young  dreamers have benefited from  daca  but the trump administration has left the future o .
 louisemensch  val maynard  dsmart  comey  realdonaldtrump  icegov  cbp children have died in ice custody  ice beat .
i love this multimedia history of hunger strikes by  luriethereal .
 btsvenomized  btschartdata la noi n romnia nu exist charturi  dect la radio    ar fi fost bine dac am fi avut .
kanal d     socant  ce se poate intampla daca bei zilnic cafea fierbinte     gt  gt  gt   .
dac vrei s ai un popor obedient ine l srac i prost educat    rezumatul 30 ani de democraie n romnia  votm aceiai mizerie .
communities conversation on daca dreamers  gregcasar  accdistrict  aisdparents  texasaflcio .
eu nu ii inteleg pe tia care zic nu e urat  e aa cum l a lsat dumnezeu iar dac l ntreb cum e zice e urat cu spume .
if daca kids shouldn t pay for their parents crimes      why should we pay for the crimes of 17th century slave owners        liberallogic.
degeaba iti place abi dac ai huawei i eti i roacher  .
 rogerw175875  anncoulter really  i don t know a single trump supporter who supports open borders  protecting dream .
we are here to help you   unitedwedream has resources for  daca recipients   heretostay      if your daca expires befor .
      si ce daca  ei se impuiesc si se incuscresc  isi impart pe fata tot  .
 nicky zwan  ilhanmn he did  but that wasn t his fault  as always  congress failed to do their jobs and pass any im .
the eb 5 program allows qualified foreign entrepreneurs to invest  500 000 into job creating enterprises in exchang .
 dacytarot    buna seara va admir  as vrea sa va intreb dac se poate o etalare personal am mare nevoie va multumesc .
cand o sa moara astia de la rtv merita ingropati in cacat  subiectul etern al zilei  adica tot continutul pe langa .
 stevenson12amy  candicevaugha20  vp why would he agree to permanent protection   he wants immigration reform that .
 kookieioana ai mei nu prea cauta de fel chestii despre artisti  dar stau sa ma asculte daca le povestesc.
 cnn  donlemon bluff called  dems had a great chance to make daca permanent residents but didnt  they like their political pawns .
dac domnul va vrea s judece cetatea romniei  cum a judecat sodoma i gomora  se vor gsi  oare  cei zece drepi .
diana ar fi putut fi salvat  dac ar fi fost bgat imediat n ambulan     iat ce declaraii a fcut un crimina .
eti parte din mine dac rup acea parte m doare     .
maine  daca aveti timp     paris roubaix  s vi se fac chef de un nou sezon  .
 daca mama  vuck0je  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas tano   i raspisao je i predsednike  a nije morao   .
acum neleg de ce a trebuit s urmez cursul de scenarist  ca s nv i s neleg cele dou cuvinte  protagonist .
 washingtonpost dust off the one that gave him money for the wall and protected daca recipients everyone was on boa .
 ipostaze dunno hombre  dac n a mers cu metoda aia  api numai pe bani mai poi nva   pebaniitai adic  institutul goethe etc .
te ntrebi cum ai putea sti daca el este fat fumos ori zmeul cel rau  poate te ajut aceste indicii .
thanks  balkaninsight for nonbiased and professional journalism  .
 mihaihristea aceiasi muisti ar fi fost acum in strada  daca fiul lui dragnea ar fi fost drogatul  cerand demisia tatalui  de urgenta  .
 pnwgeo  johndelaney the dems have offered plenty of solutions  the problem is trump is not willing to compromise  .
pericolul nr 1 daca  porti un astfel de  marketing tanga pe facebook        richardlive     onlinemarketing .
mamaie  cum a fost s ai primul copil       api  ce s   foarte greu  mi a copt pieptunu tiam  aicea dac erai stre .
 informernovine dezinformer.
dac iese dragnea din politic i este ales n loc motanul arpagic ca ef la psd  vom afla c e cel mai corupt motan din romnia  .
 dragacerovic a imate li vi link do tog tvita ili samo delite botovske dezinformacije  nemate  pogledajte malo druge izvore  nema na emu .
 johnctzn vezi daca ma iubesti.
 atroxianlunatic  144tzer  steph93065  realdonaldtrump dreamers aka daca are not illegal   .
   dacal  igorrealequatro kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk socorro daca  eu tava me perguntando isso.
 barrysanderso13  beatissima  johnbrennan ha  where do you think they spend their dollars  in the communities in wh .
 realdonaldtrump there is nothing in obama illegal  daca  that makes them legal or give them benefits    daca illeg .
way to go  meganforar  dacanursesaregood4ar .
 dailycaller america doesnt want amnesty and citizenship for these illegal the ones for daca can stay the rest nee .
 joetalkshow  realdonaldtrump  joetalkshow  didn t obama release lots of daca  children  into red states  punativel .
 nancycarol69  no daca  jessicav cis  rmconservative  senatemajldr you said it right there ryan.
 peace2who alosno ali tako .
 realdonaldtrump can you renew your previous deal of daca protection  increasing tech  amp  border patrol  the wall  me .
eee daca nu ti place de mine  stai linistit  nu esti special    nici restul persoanelor nu ma plac.
zato to farme botova ire dezinformacije da nas nije uopte bilo danas na ulicama  beograd  1od5miliona .
 marklutchman  christene101 illegals get free    food   housing   medical care   money      charities gives them    more food   m .
 realdonaldtrump given the way you treated a gold star family that happened to be muslim  you are hardly one to tal .
cand vorbesti despre tine la prima intalnire cred ca doua dintre primele lucrurile demne de pomenit sunt daca tu cr .
 manga daca .
to all  daca illegals you do not have a right to demand anything you are in the u s illegally  illegals will not ke .
most will resign and leave in disgrace never to enter politics again  many will be in our federal prisons retiring  .
 danijelmihajlo5 .
 un alt europarlamentar care nu va mai fi pe liste pe 26 mai e daciana srbu  soia lui victor ponta  nici n ar mai .
 no daca  rmconservative just download the podcast app on your phone and you can subscribe to his podcast and listen to any.
 mvranje .
 senwhitehouse nothing is ever going to get done ever because donald and putin are too busy gaslighting and using a .
 athletespw .
i dont have to change your mind  i dont pretend to agree with you if i cant  but i can begin to understand what .
 srbin    jeremic vuk  dragandjilas  boristadic58  savezzasrb  demokrate  spdveri  borkostef  boskoobradovic  whistlerdick ma nemoj .
in engleza  de balta   daca esti stangaci  esti lefter .
hellow all   eu sunt deli i m a bucura din inim dac dai like    azi v am pregtit un selfcare ca de obicei  aa c .
firma  amp  ana blandiana   daca ne am ucide unul pe altul  poezii alese vol       youtube.
 thehill  mayorlibby please get with the democrat representatives in the house and reform immigration  no daca  no .
ce l sperie pe ciobotariu    .
gen esti mare fita  dar daca iti zic sa mi trimiti un smiley face imi dai poza cu artistul.
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
daca nu se prezinta sa l judece in lipsa    e perfect legal   .
 trosmislen kai da se zeza .
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
de ce imi spui ca ma iubeti daca noi nu ne cunoatem de mai mult de 2 zile.
daca ne luam dupa statistici  ar trebui sa renuntam la bicicleta  nu i asa         .
eti att de stupid nct  dac te ntreb ct face 5x2 mi zici ca face 7   .
we need permanent protections for  tps   ded   daca recipients and undocumented youth   dreamandpromisenow .
cand voi fi batran       nu voi da sfaturi      oricum nu le vei asculta       dar daca vrei iti voi spune povesti    .
 realdonaldtrump so you can just shut down those programs too like daca  fuck you you white supremacist  we have no .
 b roobert   andra      a scuze  probabil nu e    dar i second cup daca avei e bun.
california  minnesota  pennsylvania  all other states with sanctuary cities now dont want the illegals they clai .
 alexandraboala   andra      um nu vreau sa par prost chiar daca sunt dar exista asa ceva in constanta     ca daca exista eu n am vzt.
 trosmislen a to to veina nije na internetu i samo gleda neku takvu televiziju koja iri lai ti ljudi sutra glas .
 itsmecathi  realdonaldtrump just like every other politician that is in office that want open borders and wouldn t .
 ilhanmn some of us have a memory   trump proposed the  4 pillars  immigration reform in 2017   your party wanted n .
 jxnyor  washingtonpost ah  grasshopper  you forget your history  dems offered trump his wall  amp  he turned it down   .
 basarab84 si pana la urma chiar daca e redundant tot o zic  fiecare e liber sa faca ce vrea  dar parca m am cam sa .
 shivam77048735  realjameswoods no  they aren t dangerous  remember  if dems hadn t been playing games when he offe .
 dbongino dan  dems are all talk  they talked about  daca but didnt vote to help them  they talked about .
dac vreau sa ai incredere in mine inseamna ca esti important pentru mine   .
 aweiner12  aliciafeiock22  jaketapper  cnn daca     illegal  should have gone they congress  exceeded his authority.
 caci46 ya es q este ayuntamiento me daca de quicio   .
 oliviavalucci daca el candado asi le doy rt  zorra.
gen tot spuneti ca sunteti mare printese dar daca va duc la mc mancati ca porcii.
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt  halsey am fii putut depasi lejer 100m daca nu se baga youtube  dar deja suntem obisnuiti.
 neamielualarau  gadrian84  gusteru daca e aceeasi purtatoare de perdele  e recomandata de targul auto vitan    .
 ilhanmn  viqueen55 do you see a connection between illegals  amp  potential democrat voters       half of all unauthorized .
 shotemall  costy 2017de ai perfecta dreptate  nu spun ca detin adevarul absolut si trebuie sa fie cineva de acord .
 la ce i au folosit lui papahagi cei 2 km de cri citite dac soluia lui politic este s votm usr pentru ca s .
 realjameswoods remember when dems fought for daca  but when  potus gave a proposal  they didnt sign  now  their o .
frate  dac nu v dau eu mesaje parc nu exist .
obrador sabe que  el dio un toma a sus contrarios como represalia al no dejarle ganar antes  y que ahora sus contra .
dac a fi avut i cuit    .
 cnn congratulations on your letter   can they fix the immigration problem and daca with real legislation and compr .
consagratorio hoy bruno fernandez daz y su seccin pensndolo mejor que el resto de las personas  la historia del .
 jonz970  grampzltg  imabitcsumtimes  dbargen  ladyny4ever  calirn619  briteeye777  razorsmack1  qmagamike  gkeile .
i blame democrats for this daca deal they talked white and black women into pill then abortion then all sudden birt .
didn t democrats say daca shouldn t be responsible for what their parents did  .
  ofjesus pero dito entiende que su dolo es leca  por eso se llama daca en tw jajajajaja.
do you see a connection between illegals  amp  potential democrat voters       half of all unauthorized immigrants reside i .
 audio  mara eugenia bielsa en toma y daca  cuando tuvo que elegir entre el proyecto oligrquico de cambiemos y e .
nainte s mnnci ccat de mine  ntreab m  i dac e adevrat atunci poi spune la juma  de romnie  .
 aceasta este esena lumii psd alde  individul nu conteaz dac nu e de al nostru  de la partid     vlad voiculescu .
n funcie de vrsta lor  copiii ar trebui s bea zilnic ntre 2 i 4 pahare de lapte pe zi  mai ales dac nu consu .
 audio  augusto costa en toma y daca   los congelamientos de precios no funcionan    el nuevo precios cuidados no v .
 speakerpelosi what challenges are you referring too  the crisis at our border  the homelessness in our cities  the opiod crisis  daca .
 seanhannity 3  videos of shumer feinstein n pelosi of asking for chains for our borders  they said no to 1 8 milli .
 medomo2001  radufrentiu  scrie mi pe twitter daca gasesti mesajul  te rog  sper ca esti bine .
 scottfeldman  theriflemanlm  djburn77  afzal mwarraich  jljacobson  ilhanmn please  show us all the times that .
liberal hypocrisy       daca children shouldn t have to pay for what their parents did       white people should have to pa .
 jezmundzmusic  thehill trump offered a deal for immigration reform and 2 million daca immigrants in 2017  but the democrats rejected it .
dac voi nu votai  ei o s ne decid mereu viitorul  adui de hoarda de infractori din psd la vot  ei vor vota mer .
 cbsnews  gavinnewsom the sanctuary cities are advocating for daca  dapa  open borders  issuance of voter registrat .
 loponstorm   proud american  ilhanmn wrong   he offered daca yes  but he would also not sign it unless it had no c .
join  afsc org and tell congress  protect  tps   ded  and  daca and create a roadmap to citizenship for all immigra .
 komonews how ironic durkan would reflect on pres trump as a bully   when it is the liberal democrats who are refle .
de ce sa cumperi termostate de camera       daca factura de gaz ti se pare prea mare  un termostat de centrala termica .
 muli mi ai spus   liviule  nu te lsa   mi a mai zis cineva tot aici   chiar dac te aresteaz  s nu renuni  c .
dear  arthelneville obama really followed the rules when he set up daca didn t he    sarc.
 costy 2017de  denisdeniz26 e un proverb care zice asa   am iertat  dar n am uitat     defapt daca ei imi gresesc  e vai de izmenele lor   .
the latest the dreamers journal    heretostay  daca.
 news 4 real  cspanwj  realdonaldtrump obama had money for border security  a stated desire  likely insincere  to p .
 mcostello123  arifleischer  tia6sc 1  fact  trump ended daca  not dems   2  u don t like spin but djt 10k lies r o .
 robert4787  cnn  cnnopinion and just what rule of law has he thwarted  not that overreach of giving illegals free .
eti important  pentru mine dac i rspund doar ie cnd toi m caut.
 footiusmaximus  seanhannity that was not the way the story was portrayed  it was reported as a giveaway to daca ki .
 dougwil08943651  seanhannity the daca kids are now eligible for  27 million in financial aid  this is   that has t .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network        medium  medium  blog  essay .
 realjameswoods daca has ms13  rapists  murderers  killed american children  violent crimes against  felony identit .
join me in supporting  julincastro via  actblue  why aren t all the democrat candidate maki .
 abc it s leaking out that emmanuel deshawn aranda  the man accused of throwing the little boy off the balcony at t .
b neleg c plngei c mna  vine examenul da se stric treaba acum   cum ies eu la agat dac plou ncontinu  .
 daca   crypto  trading  blacklivesmatter  taxes   bubble  futures  eth  ico  niggahnews  cryptonews  xrp  btc .
daca recipient tells sen  gillibrand she fears being deported  to a country that i barely know  .
 kamalaharris  corybooker  berniesanders  elizabethwarren   democratsaredestroyingamerica  why do democrats then cl .
rimele i poeziile sunt prezente peste tot n viaa copiilor  dac treci pe lng un grup de copii care se joac ve .
doru ionescu v d ntlnire de la ora 22 00  pe tvr3  dac vrei s revedei al treilea episod al integralei remi .
 n2conservatism  whyarepeoplesod  realdonaldtrump if trump would back legislation that would make daca citizens  of .
 sitnatarana  trosmislen na tviteru .
v iau dup mine doar dac venii    de mi stingei lumina  se aprinde  s o tii    e n firea luminii s cear amploar .
daca iti spun ca m ai enervat asta nu inseamna ca nu trebuie sa mi mai dai mesaj 5 ore pe motiv ca m ai lasat sa mi .
 medbennett  thehill well at least it s good to know that you re on record supporting having illegal immigrants flo .
 serahjauthor hey  i m looking for a latina  sensitivity reader   particularly someone with daca but anyone who is .
join us april 20 for  playontheplaza  daca united hosts pay to play lotera  mexican bingo  and  pococollab perform .
       balsamul ajuta la refacerea structurii firului de par care se deterioreaza din .
 manekkii nici daca ne am imbata nu am emite asa un dumb energy.
lic jalima quintero  immigration  attorney        honestidad  profecionalismo  confianza      servicios de   asilo  visas .
nu e nevoie sa mergi la sala de sport pentru a te mentine in forma  .
logic ca nu vreau sa fim prietene daca ma enervezi  .
 cr nervous nancy cant even fend off daca kids  .
sign executive order stopping birth right citizenship and make it retroactive to when the law was first written  de .
 kylegriffin1 these filthy democrats had a chance to give citizenship to 1 8 million daca recipients and they turne .
 maga trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t care about .
 manekkii daca tii un ochi intr o mana   .
daca vrei sa fim prieteni atunci nu ma barfii  .
un preedinte mai zdrean ca johnnazist nici ca puteam avea dar sa nu uitm c johnnazist este rezultatul votului .
incercam sa nu sparg seminte si vine mama la mine   am luat seminte daca vrei   nu  nu vreau  ma lepad de satana pa.
ntr un comunicat de pres academia american de dermatologie  aad  informeaz c ndeprtarea prului cu laser poa .
 breitbartnews sort of like the dems used the daca people  blassey ford  cindy sheehan  khan family  avenati  storm .
realizez si eu acum ca am avut doar relatii toxice si sunt asa de fraiera incat cedez chiar daca am dreptate intr o .
ba daca te gadesti bine avem nevoie de negri ca albi se pierd prin bumbac.
 ruggiere l  no daca i love seeing those words constitution and republic        so tired of seeing the word   democracy.
nu eti mecher dac jigneti o fat     nu eti mecher dac fumezi i bei     nu eti mecher dac comentezi n faa .
 vuck0je  kontra bot  mirkovicsasa1  boskoobradovic  dragandjilas pre 5 oktobra je miloevi izgubio izbore da nije .
 toothaka  realdonaldtrump either you dont watch the news or youve got your blinders on  the republicans have tri .
lulac national president  domingotexas at a press conference with dreamers at our first annual  dreamers summit  .
 footiusmaximus  seanhannity so in other words the state of ny is giving the same benefits to children of daca pare .
 dreamers del norte de texas piden que los legisladores pasen el  dreamandpromiseact una propuesta de ley que les p .
oamenilor  a nnebunit inima mea de spledoare n lalele  aa ceva nltor i frumos  nu tiu dac am mai trit  s .
 simonetonj1  inkslinger4now  edsingleterry  corybooker  chrisevans reparation is a dem campaign promise to buy bla .
police chief says  immigration judge like nazi  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
tell congress  protect tps  ded  and daca and create a roadmap to citizenship for all immigrants  .
nu stiu daca stiati dar oamenii mai plinuti  asa  dar foarte dragalasi  tot astia mai plinuti  cand se duc sa cumpe .
 lutiena kome pria.
 unitedwestand  votebluenomatterwhat  dividedwefail  amp  trump  putinspuppet  donthecon wins  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
dac vorbeti despre mine  verific dac cele spuse sunt adevrate.
 dfbharvard  foxnews  breitbartnews like the dems use  dreamers  daca   and everything else they can .
 whereuat     artaudis  docegonspengler  a dot han   barackobama according to this    the jackass was right less th .
 gop chaos is a sign of poor leadership        hurricane dons path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear .
 mohneaaa  ad3nozin3fosfat coaie are u dumb  una e sa vorbeti cu cineva alta este sa judeci de ampulea  ur ignoran .
a intrat in vigoare pe 13 aprilie 1862 legea presei in principatele romane    o lege a copyrightului copiat dupa ce .
daca ploua  se cheltuie bani  toata agitatia e in supermarket  coate  craci  capete lovite  picioare calcate fara m .
 no daca  theytukerrrjobs  metallgurll  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti that is not going to work much lo .
 votebluenomatterwhat don t abandon dem if not impeach  dividedwefail call  amp  urge unfit  25thamendmentnow or .
watch  history class   the illegal immigration deception daca democrats black people     republicans      on youtub .
a truly wonderful daughter  ivanka  will win an absolutely no deal about it ironic that daca is making this.
 joaquincastrotx the dems do that to everyone   trump offered a daca deal a while ago and you said no  you wanted t .
 tentaraki pai daca e sa ne uitam mai bine  yuchan dansa si cand era la scoala iar donghun chiar e fire  main vocal .
 ad3nozin3fosfat  mohneaaa not true  101 hygiene basics  multi brbai nu se epileaz i nimeni nu zice nimic  dac .
ban hunting by cowards  wildlifepreservation  guns  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
house democrats need to show how it s done by introducing a comprehensive  immigrationreform bill  including protec .
 madisongesiotto someone has to call her out  and that ca gov guy  and tell them  u promised daca peeps and now thi .
 hamdanmohmmd oooouuuu      mie mi spui      emiratul tu este la un pas de dezastru      dac sunt jumtate i mai mult .
oops   kattimpf claimed on  foxnews earlier illegal immigrants do not commit crime at higher rate  even her employe .
 ad3nozin3fosfat  d0bixx coaie pn la urm daca vad ceva ce nu mi place am tot dreptul s comentez m pis pn la .
 stevenson12amy  iamme46993952  vp actually  president trump gave democrats every chance to fix daca with his full .
y ahora suena the strokes en toma y daca .
 camelia30 0 hai pa daca nu avem toti timp sa vedem episoadele altceva mai bun nu ai de facut .
 silviufoca a  bun  dac ai aa  la botul calului    la noi e mai greu cu sursele.
 1kujovic  slobageorgiev valjda e do tada popraviti autobuse .
 neamielualarau am s caut s vad dac gsesc prin zon  altfel mai am de ateptat cam o lun pn la alea romnet .
 ap g   proud american  ilhanmn wrong in so many ways  chain migration is not a tool of legal immigration  if you d .
 ethanobama so you were good with pelosi throwing daca s under the bus once she didn t need them as a pawn anymore        gotit.
trump supporters   we get it      u don t care about russia      u don t care about gop misogyny        u don t care about kids i .
 silviufoca sa ncerci i cpuni dac vezi  zu c nu s rele.
daca vreti sa vedeti un cont care face orice  recomanda carti  e de treaba  face giveway uri  follow acum la visele .
 breitbartnews  realdonaldtrump is trying 2 fix the border    the fucking    demoncrats refuse to build a wall or fix d .
 senblumenthal yes blumenthal you have sunk to another low   what ever happened to your fight for daca  irrelevant .
y ahora suena massacre con from your lips en toma y daca  para chapar .
do liberal and moderate democrats listen and remember what their elected officials actually say and do  if i was hi .
 michaelmagausn  herbert l reed we have a winner   geraldorivera is correct  the liberals are allowing open borders .
our elected officials are considering legislation to protect  tps   ded  and  daca    heres .
estrictamente desde el punto de vista retrico  lo de amlo no es el debate televisivo a la usanza socrtica  es dec .
strategia coaliiei de la guvernare pentru alegerile prezideniale pare s depind de ce i se va ntmpla lui liviu .
refuz s cred c putem trece pin via fr s ucidem un vis  o floare  o speran sau o dragoste nevinovat  ne .
 michaelmagausn someone tell  geraldorivera it s better to be a prop than 2be hostage which is what the democrats u .
thankful that the new cuny chancellor supports daca students  amp  faculty diversity  time to add living wage for cuny .
mergei la petexpo romania  nu uitai c dac avei un cine dintr o rasa prevzut n ordonan 55 2002 trebuie sa .
 norseman661  ohletseat  betoorourke he had more than 60 votes in the senate for the daca exchange for wall  it was .
 theoldmanclub  cazacdragos aveam un smena de cptat   ce scumpe mi se preau filmele agfa  abia dac ajungeam s .
 ericbolling  realdonaldtrump  wearesinclair republicans held the house and senate for 2 years and they didnt get .
arkansas senate passes bill to let daca students access in state tuition rates  .
close our borders and start mass deportation of all illegals refugees visa overstays daca brats anchor brats and al .
dac este adevrat credina ta n dumnezeu  vei primi grija lui deseori       iisus  dumnezeu .
 breitbartnews uh  isnt that what the dems are doing with daca .
ba mi bag sincer pula daca nu va convine c mi exprim opinia n modul n care o fac dai mi in pula mea unfollow pana nu va iau mustaa.
 no daca  realdonaldtrump yeah  that s the video i m talking about  except it s only a cropped 1 minute of it  the .
dac te crezi prost vreodat  gndete te c exist oameni care nu i vaccineaz copiii  dar i pun antivirus pe calculator .
sunt geloas  chair dac sunt suntem doar prieteni .
via dac    via dac   lun plin  prin  youtube.
thanks amanda szwed and kdp for the superb daca workshop today  courtney balderas  utsa  and mariela nez  unt  ta .
why don t the democratic party quick crying like babies and act like you do your job by getting off your asses and .
 takerfan4life1  lalagruenfeld  jackyinthe6  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump obama is the only president i have seen .
.
 norseman661  ohletseat  betoorourke yep  trump said he would do a lot of things w 2 yrs of a republican controlled .
dac te dai la prietena mea ma jur ca nu scapi viu i o sa vezi ca frumos e sa zbori.
facebook mi a cerut sa schimb parola      altfel        in concluzie  daca nu mai sunt pe aici       ma gasiti pe youtube.
triceanu  recomandare de ntrebare pentru referendumul lui iohannis  doar dac o va pune  voi merge la vot  .
 breitbartnews so when  potus gives the democrats what they want  i e solution for daca   illegal aliens to fill up .
daca nu vrei sa te casatoresti cu mine de ce ai spus   cu placere cand eu am spus   multumesc      .
 olivermcgee  potus  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse great reporting to explain daca   young and optimistic   luv it   .
 no daca  fairimmigration  washingtonpost  mikedebonis  rachaelmbade what concerns me is that a  you are screwing c .
daca tu te umpli de tine  energia divina unde sa mai incapa .
 benrileysmith well aren t you dishonest  it wasn t trump s policy  that s like giving trump credit for daca  when .
 capitan bera mi a spus fata de la pariuri ca au fost multe bilete single si asta i a atras atentia  daca erau in combinatii nu era nimic .
 breitbartnews exactly what the democrats are doing  daca  the wall  he s playing their game .
trist     daca vremea de azi nu ma deprimase destul  povestea asta mi a pus capac  .
 dac femeia nu e destul de independent  dac nu se poate descurca fr ajutorul unui brbat  atunci copiii au de .
  they have videos of poll worker allowing daca   illegals register  amp  vote   dems stole the .
 oufcofficial blatistilor daca si voi in anglia faceti jocuri de culise nesimtitilor    .
 ohletseat  brendajurgens3  betoorourke i seem to recall trump offered most of these or at least the daca parts and .
 babsvaliant  tachiacuna  johnbrennan 1  it s not about  letting anyone  in  it s about treating people with dignit .
frailor  de nu vei putea cnta  s tii c este o boal care v roade adncul fiinei voastre sufleteti  sau c .
 no daca there ya go .
 ionutzelgabriel dac intr la pucrie n secunda doi l au abandonat toi obolanii  tu crezi c tia au onoare sau loialitate .
 advisingtrump2  newtgingrich i suppose he should be able to do it all by himself right   every move he makes is ap .
nu ca a avea ceva cu tine  dar daca ar trebui sa aleg intre tine si scoala a alege scoala.
 thehill i would say the arsonist are the democrats who encourage illegals to flock here  i e  daca  sanctuary citi .
 teriross69  leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta  dannaja64danny  gunblade44  akvawe66  annableigh  fnicholasr .
 y daca que interesante escuchar a mara eugenia bielsa  formada  elegante y ms viva que el hambre .
news to keep a eye on      1     2     3  .
 jessicatarlov ms oxford  dems care nothing about daca with trump.
 donnnie  leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta  dannaja64danny  gunblade44  akvawe66  annableigh  fnicholasr .
 ac360  andersoncooper yea thats why obama abuses the constitution with daca and tried to give money to the irania .
daca sunt prea sarcastica cu tine inseamna ca te plac foarte mult si incerc sa flirtez cu tine sau esti foarte ener .
 grey59soldier pi care ar fi rostu la sesiune dac nu s dorm ntruna .
 tucker  president trump calls democrats  bluff on illegal immigrants   liberalhypocrisy .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
two daca recipients explore themes of place and immigration in their work  on display in an ues exhibit through apr .
felx matos rodrguez is passionate about the importance of college daca recipients  .
 johnniemaul  howmanyabortionsdidbushperformwiththeairforceduringoperationshockandawe        corpmedia  idiocracy .
 gandalf sr  realdonaldtrump actually obama set the expiration on it  if it weren t for trump bringing daca in fron .
 speakerpelosi gosh you finally talking about comprehensive immigration reform again  you said you d fix daca when .
damn they ain t raised no regrets  i deserve royalty  livin  in the daca expires  if hillary or  now .
 realjameswoods division to the brink of fracture  they got 2 terms for obama   who in turn left us with daca  lawl .
 vorbeste la telefon cu o prietena sau prieten asa va trece timpul     citeste o carte  pentru unii sa citesti o cart .
cea mai bun alegere a mainilor de turnare prin  injecie de nalt calitate din material  plastic  dac dorii s .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
eti n cutarea fericirii  poate c n ar fi ru dac  din cnd n cnd  ne am propune pur i simplu s fim ferici .
 veggie64 leslie  berniewdvewon i don t trust bthe corporations that own my government to produce my  news     .
 corpmedia  idiocracy  oligarchs  megabanks vs  union  occupy  nodapl  blm  sdf  daca  humanity .
 no daca  whatsth61068280  citizen2vote  fairimmigration lol .
mie imi e mila de tia care au telefoane de tot cacatul i nu vorbesc cu tine dac nu ai iphone.
kakav govor bravo za siniu kovaevia .
 lindseyhams  56jaytee  yappelbaum  juliaioffe  senatemajldr so    now your trying to tell me mitch is to blame for .
arranca con iron butterfly la seleccin musical de toma y daca .
 serremmy  no daca  se8957  jonz970  pjbowles4  patti sc60  calirn619  tinglewinks  bobcat2603  whatitneeds .
autobotii astia mici sunt ca devoratorii de informatii     daca nici eu nu stiu sa le starnesc curiozitatea atunci .
 martinheinrich coming from someone that used a daca recipient as a prop during trump s speech   nice .
 ruggiere l  no daca then i will lay all the blood on the democrats hands .
mihaela gros   o doamna  sub protectia anonimatului  mi a povestit cum o cunostinta de a dumneaei  bugetara  a fost .
obama has put americans in limbo with his iran deal  amp  his daca  amp  his paris accord  none passed thru congress  amp  we r .
 leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta  dannaja64danny  gunblade44  akvawe66  annableigh  fnicholasr  whimsicalmetoo .
if we closed our borders  stopped welfare for foreigners  stopped anchor babies  chain migration and daca and sanct .
degeaba te plac 5 baieti daca nu te place crush.
 usr romania  claudiunasui ar fi dragut daca in centru ar fi educatia  in sine  pe cat poate fi ea cuantificata  es .
daca nu experimentam  prin cineva   nu as fi crezut ca exista  .
 no daca  whatsth61068280  citizen2vote  fairimmigration they really need a sarcasm font .
 emilymerodi  andellis  newenglanddevil  davidafrench you guys are so thick  daca in exchange for an  authorization .
 realjack  agapaoflower bullshit  the president backed out of the daca deal liar  we would not be in this pickle if he hadn t.
 alyssa milano  casarezkk alexander hamilton on daca  amp  immediate citizenship         there is a wide difference between .
 yamiche i wonder why the dems aren t happy to hear what trump proposed  i m a daca recipient and i hate the dems e .
 ruggiere l  no daca the problem is that democrates keep thinking only about trying to get illegal voters while rep .
 jacksonleetx18 perhaps  you should focus on hr 40 and stop worrying about daca  all cbc needs to be voted out  useless .
 alyssa milano  casarezkk alexander hamilton   daca         there is a wide difference between closing the door altoget .
vreau sa pictez frumusetile orasului cugir  daca aveti poze foarte frumoase care sa ma inspire  va rog sa imi trimi .
 baird sylbaird  halperry  tribelaw  brookyinred its a fact that when obama sent us forces to yemen  amp  libya he did .
tii de ce e important s ai o atitudine pozitiv fa de copilul tu          pentru c un copil nregistreaz i imit .
 alyssa milano  casarezkk hamilton   concerning daca     it is not our goal for a total prohibition of right of citiz .
daca nu eram eu tu nu erai nimic ratato.
 btsromaniaproj1  bts twt  amuzant  cum au ters 10m de vizualizri  dar melodia a fost non stop ngheat gen se .
 bronxish  arifleischer  tia6sc apparently you no longer care about facts  the president put daca back on the negot .
decizie de ultim or  se va anuna candidatul psd la prezideniale  un personaj important anun dac dragnea prin .
dac nu i a trimite eu mesaj nu am mai vorbi o zi ntreag   .
dac doream sa plng non stop ma combinam cu o ceapa .
hey jake         the daca was referring.
tic tac  tic tac  .
president trump offers a deal for daca  the democrats refuse to negotiate        president trump says hell put migrant .
 lucaadr6  btsanalytics  bts twt daca ei nu fac nimic noi nu putem schimba youtube asta .
bills giving arkansas daca recipients access to nursing licenses  in state tuition signed into law .
sunt nc mic n lumea asta mare dar fericit s vd c lumea are ncredere n proiectele mele i chiar dac au fost .
 veggie64 leslie or  you could just watch tv    same effect                corpmedia  idiocracy .
din fericire m am gandit si am zis ca de ce sa nu  daca totusi l am inceput  incerc sa va promit ca voi posta mai d .
nva s te ridici i s mergi mai departe  credina d speran i puterea de a continua s trieti  chiar dac .
 mrsswiercz  lrihendry  genflynn  realdonaldtrump  barbararedgate know what s gross defending a president who flaun .
dac te simi napa gndete te c alii i dau mesaj de hate singuri pe tellonym pentru atenie    .
join  afsc org and tell congress  protect  tps   ded  and  daca and create a roadmap to citizenship for all immigra .
dac ar trebui s aleg ntre iubitul meu si crush ul din seriale  fr dubii  serialele ctig .
 bogdanstoica ro  leroivamis i de unde plm tii tu ce i n magazinul la dac nu ai intrat niciodat   ntrebi eusnumorprost.
why are people on my timeline liking this tweet   if this guy becomes president he will also instill islamophobia a .
dac m tratezi cu indiferen s nu ai ateptri prea mari din partea mea.
parca i vad povestea lui hemingway     inspiratie  alcool  razboi  iubire  lux  saracie  nebunie  moarte     el a fost .
pulsul normal  care este valoarea ideal     gt        ce nseamn dac ai pulsul mare     gt  .
cci  dac este cineva n cristos  este o fptur nou  cele vechi s au dus  iat c toate lucrurile s au fcut noi    2cor 5 17.
 no daca  breitbartnews since democrates want them here this is how it should be  personally they should be deported .
now dems dont want them   the illegals must be heartbroken   daca people and prior illegals could have told them t .
last nights daca fundraiser was splendid  modern asian flare contributed by the culinary stylings of soy viva  ecl .
because 50 state of citizens borrowing fiscal political activities maga g 20 g 13 g 16 banking federal employees li .
 berniesanders yes  because more federal employees is what the country needs   .
 fras99 he will be before benedict arnold as a usa traitor   ethics training for federal employees will feature  hi .
 potus is on twitter publicly attacking us government employees for cooperating with an official federal law enforc .
this group of federal employees colluded  amp  conspired to help their political candidate win  and when that candidate .
 boeings s  carolina factory has been plagued by shoddy production and weak oversight that have threatened to comp .
 clarknt67  shaunking if you treat your employees with disdain and contempt  if you cannot be a good and responsibl .
 realdonaldtrump a shameful waste of taxpayer money  time to remind some federal employees who pays their salaries .
 potus  senatemajldr  berniesanders  dbongino  mariabartiromo obamacare has a cadillac plan for federal employees  .
according to the paper  plant employees described defective manufacturing  debris left on planes and pressure to no .
 alec holbeck  thehill asking federal employees to break the law is not upholding the constitution  .
a new york times review of hundreds of pages of internal emails  corporate documents and federal records  as well a .
 moose chef availability  kids keep forgetting just because it is legal in the state  it is not legal for federal employees lol.
 smallgovttweets  peabodypress you re totally brain dead and we do have limited government      2 1 million federal emp .
 amazonhelp  jobsearchninja the prohibited personnel practices act amended united states code  title 5  government .
 elijah 925  omarkelly if you  as the manager  only allowed your employees to earn  2 83 hr after tips then you are .
 oneillyatescbc  damnanimals there s rules  amp  policies outlined for provincial  amp  federal employees   .
 dkaz006 rs  smilleresq  johngacy1  berniesanders and in addition to what scott wrote     every one of their employ .
are any of my facebook associates actively involved with the national association of active  amp  retired federal emplo .
today is national marijuana day  a sort of holiday for federal employees in some capacity  perhaps they will be too .
 berniesanders bernie  do you have a single proposal that doesnt bend the taxpayers over  federal employees cost t .
 0xbanana  qw5kcmv3  malwarebytes  malwaretechblog  rapid7 most of this is a combination of realizing how willingly .
 ericholder you re a ridiculous human being  you re utterly corrupt  i would say most of those  career people  only .
 mel faith1  winegirl73 incredible  it is true that a separate room is accommodated for prayer for those who feel t .
 qw5kcmv3 i love it sounds completly fair and not at all biased in the least  i think every country should always s .
 theblaze what seems to surprise too many smart ppl is we know this crap happens w every president  the difference .
 diaz topher  matthewstoller i will deny federal contract to corporations that screw over there employees is pretty explicit.
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump how about spending easter weekend with your kids maybe your last easter no way in h .
 pauldashworth  crazyhorse2126 did  he say the same thing about the federal employees that depleted the food banks .
 imknottheone  ilhanmn sarah sanders works for us  whataboutism with april ryan is stupid  sanders used the white h .
federal  judge linda parker says  epa employees knew lead was leaching from old pipes because  flint s water wasn t .
 berniesanders ok so lets say 100  of the people become federal employees       question      where will the tax money com .
 freedomworks adm rickover said  i paraphrase  give me 2 good federal employees to get the job accomplished  amp  have .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump here is another number   25   the number of federal government employees that were e .
 berniesanders i know of only one branch of government that is understaffed   the military   lets put these new fe .
mueller and rosenstein were responsible for the shift of the house to democrats   2 unelected federal employees had .
make no mistake  many career federal employees committed treason and subversion going back all the way to the bay o .
 realdonaldtrump can we get the cost of the federal employees that made this stupid gif .
 govmikehuckabee  realdonaldtrump  potus maybe you should be sickened by your daughter lying to the american public .
 davidzelcer public servants must ask for permission to run in general elections  amp  in municipal elections   this is .
hungry for growth opportunities  i ve seen this pattern continue across gov for nearly 2 yrs        more than 1 500 gov .
.
i am so excited to announce that i am a new ambassador for  purchasingpower  it is a great program offered to feder .
i have a storage unit full of documents and devices phones and proof of the situation that has been going on  i hav .
and thats certainly no shot at federal employees   you guys go above and beyond regularly and america is better for it       thankyou.
 govmikehuckabee be a good citizen  seesomething  saysomething  all threats of violence or calls to action against .
everyone in the administration took that same oath as federal employees  .
weve spent weeks creating a summary of every known nda  enforcement and arbitration filed by  realdonaldtrump  his .
 asharangappa  federal employees  and i don t know if this includes the president and his appointees  have a  duty .
welcome to the new instagram page of the us postal service  the usps is the second largest federal agency in the us .
 bbhuttozardari dear chairman  ppp  humanrights  amp  an strong supporter of  18thamendment why  sindh government tryin .
 financialpros  learn more about conducting your own 5 star retirement workshops  discover if working with federal .
legal florida cannabis revenue worth  1 billion by 2020  yet outdated federal law means all cash business  putting .
 locke wiggins  ewarren hahaha  pick your favorite of the most egregious things he has done  separating families  l .
this system allows companies to continue to pay wages at or near the poverty level  which are subsidized by the gov .
the pilot program also functions as a kind of double subsidy for walmart and amazon  since their own employees spen .
 gdthor1  hollyhuntley3  vcsparent  rosewoo15096108  mcgeezer67  kinmartintori  watchingwhatyou  jessie092859463 .
 col potter94  molratty exactly       can we please stop calling city  state and federal employees  public servants     .
 drsenait  amirabiy  pmethiopia so do teachers  police  soldiers and all federal employees .
so  do republicans want us firing all republican federal employees from office if democrats win        can the democrat .
 brithume weird how folks keep saying the president can t fire employees in the executive branch  otherwise it s ob .
 ussenate after barr s performance so far as ag  my 40 yr career in gov service  mil  amp  civil service  made me feel .
 cnnlive  after barr s performance so far as ag  my 40 yr career in gov service  mil  amp  civil service  made me feel .
 smerconish after barr s performance so far as ag  my 40 yr career in gov service  mil  amp  civil service  made me fee .
 ericswalwell gun tool  people are the problem  gun confiscation is not the answer  the problem in parkland is the .
use of federal government resources for political purposes is a crime punishable with imprisonment       when will thos .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances .
 lunar kitsune  eskuard  stonzluv  ewarren  realdonaldtrump the states werent shut down  it affected federal emplo .
sponsor  national hispanic coalition of federal aviation employees   amount  varies   closing date  may 1  2019      descri .
 mubasherlucman approach because federal is least interested and provincial govt dam care the employment of employe .
great read   a summary of the criminal abuse by some federal employees  .
 lizeclark  lanezane1 we would also like to remind the american taxpayers these two women are federal employees  amp  a .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances .
both federal and dclaw prohibited any employer with more than 50 employees from participating dc sshop exchange  .
 judgenap assumes he has been deputized by god to judge  realdonaldtrump       if 2 years of investigations    million  .
 tracybeanz  sidneypowell1  fbi guilty      framing of four innocent men    30 yrs in prison      2 die in prison       fbi .
i think they need to sue their own city or state   isnt that where the blame lies  the people who broke the rules .
president  realdonaldtrump  please  since many women feel men are disrespecting them  make an executive order that .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees  security clearances .
top trump officials are about to get a  10k raise while federal employees work without pay during the shutdown   vi .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances .
 ourtruecrimepod i remember heading off to school when this happened     the damage was colossal       there was a day .
yes  like who paid for it  clinton  and their coverup and help from federal employees  .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances elon musks cle .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees securityclearances .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances .
cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees security clearances .
bill shorten s awu  sold out  workers for  300 000  does australia relay want a pm who has sold out employees when .
 tsla  fb  apha  acb  cgc  gwph       cannabis watch  investing in cannabis companies can threaten federal employees  .
 susan hennessey i enjoy the well wasnt that awful   however  lets just forget about  corruption lies abuse of p .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  by bcheungz .
 alimhaider  pspoole remember  china hacked the omb and gained the personal information of 20 million american fede .
 gop trust buy verify    trump obstruction of justice happened over 10 separate times  thats 9 more than nixon  he .
 davidhogg111  carlhigbie except police are not federal government employees  but don t let facts matter in your story of deception .
 brotherdoofus obama opened up deepwater oil drilling  even after the bp disaster    mandated the insider threat prog .
 michaelwestbiz next time there is a senate estimates meeting i hope a number of dawr employees are given a grillin .
federal employees who provide protection for americans deserve better  1u .
 realdonaldtrump those dishonest federal employees who abuse their power  amp  believe they are untouchable  they shoul .
better insurance solutions for federal employees  amp  members of the us armed forces   teamlallyradioshow interviews b .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  by  bcheungz .
 jonmunce yes  then senator obama s platform included   national health insurance exchange  through this exchange  .
 govmikehuckabee sarah is a disgrace to young women  she makes  170 000 a year and what does she do for it  you hav .
 govtwine i didn t see anything about compensating the 800k   federal employees for  spankiesiq45s bs national emergency  .
 senatorromney then do something about it  imagine if all federal employees followed the standard set by trump  ima .
federal employees deserve a better boss than  realdonaldtrump do you really want the entire federal workforce emula .
 govmikehuckabee why are these people not arrested for threatening the death of american citizens and employees of .
 liarliar      isn t this a crime for federal employees       aff      .
on 24th anniversary of oklahoma city bombing  nteu remembers 168 peoplemany federal employeeswho lost their lives  .
afp fear relatives of gangsters are working for government agencies  the australian federal police and government a .
 jackposobiec  aprildryan sec 115 a  2  of title 18 covers threats against all federal employees    when such threa .
 jackposobiec sec 115 a  2  of title 18 covers threats against all federal employees    when such threat is done  w .
zillow on friday filed two lawsuits against compass  alleging the tech enabled brokerage poached its employees as p .
 realdonaldtrump the washington post readers have fallen so low  they allow federal employees to read it free  if t .
 tuckercarlson   seanhannity   dbongino  did the several federal employees of leadership who have grifted us before .
 lawrence you were so intense about trump and 9 11   daily news  amp  rep  crowley reported his getting 150k from a fed .
  oig has proof from prior review fbi accepted sufficient stuff  expensive dinners  tickets  according to 5 cfr 67 .
federal judge linda parker says epa employees knew lead was leaching from old pipes because flint s water wasn t be .
employers must understand that termination of an employee can come with some risk  it is important to follow employ .
 austinkleon  a disgruntled federal employees 1980s desk calendar during the eighties  a nameless    .
 irishpatty54  ewarren how so  mccabe and james baker  lead fbi counsel   both top echelon gov  employees are both .
 jerridougherty  secretstranger9 romney is a mormon  utah is mostly mormon  which would explain how got elected  al .
 meowtis37  cnn  scottjenningsky  cnnopinion federal funds can not be used for local school district employees   pr .
in  canada  there are federal  amp  provincial  privacy legislations that requires consent for the collection  use and .
 sheiladfitz but it may only apply to federal employees.
 imp asciim0v  peterdaou  ilhanmn  digitalcivilwar so  every military member and their family are wealthy  half of .
 senwarren like the gnd   anything that is federally run is a waste of time because you federal employees are a was .
 gop  jim jordan all of the federal employees listed above have violated their oath of office and the u s  constitu .
 dericklyoung  timo275  berniesanders medicare for all will actually free businesses from having to provide healthc .
 brendanblaber min here in wyoming is  7 25  the federal minimum  but absolutely no one here makes that little  fas .
thank you  astellasus employees for bagging federal food for us  they bagged 500 15 pound bags for our shoppers   .
 jam kamal who are these federal employees   punjabis  why don t you use the baluchistan resources on the local com .
on this date in 1995 in oklahoma city  a federal building was destroyed  168 federal employees  visitors and childr .
 angelgotti5 the indictments are on the way  i m guessing some federal employees in west virginia and alabama doj w .
 thehill  corybooker i dont understand how you can read the report  amp  say  were not there yet   if not now  when  .
companion bill introduced to provide tax break for some federal employees  .
 booda cat  mongo3804  mick719  chrisg409ubc  joanne48640679  vincenz42493578  trumpstrucker  yuwantokno1 .
 senatorromney  mittromney you are a successful businessman  the gop is known as being pro business  you would fire .
greetings all  we have extended the deadline for applications for the u s  federal  state and tribal employees scho .
all employees  government  federal government in silver spring frederick rockville  md  md  .
the government is not immune from a lawsuit    there was no ruling on if federal employees were negligent in addressi .
 it is essential that the irs take appropriate steps to ensure that employees who willfully do not comply with the .
alabama power co employees federal political action cmte  apc employees federal pac  .
don t let poor employees to suffer in the already critical financial crisis not being paid their salaries since .
  charliecrist notes the ban on cannabis use by federal employees is a discriminatory policy that disproportionally .
 p4ahcf most of your employees would be better off as federal employees  the execs can be sent to the gulag.
vectren corporation employees federal pac .
the special counsel report divided america further  just like the ken starr report and the iran contra report       the .
the greater kansas city federal executive board partnered with the kc royals to offer public employees discounted p .
former ceo edward rostohar  who told federal investigators that he embezzled more than  40m from the cbs employees .
thank you  astellasus employees for bagging federal food for us  they bagged 500 15 pound bags for our shoppers   .
they let a presidential candidate get away with destroying evidence  putting her employees at risk of being charged .
proud to be working alongside speaker  nusajosh as we work to pass legislation that ensures centralized training th .
 derek mafs firing sarah sanders has nothing to do with being pro unemployment  it s about wanting people with inte .
loans for federal workers  new maryland law will help during government shutdowns   emplaw  hr  employees.
 nedsnark23  claytonmarshall  adamcarolla currently  2018  they are getting a  129 million federal tax credit  is t .
          .
 sanfordbishop  chelliepingree  senjeffmerkley  morale has been destroyed at this agency   said peter winch  an org .
 briankempga  wsbtv  sendavidperdue does he mean like screwing around with federal employees and contract employees .
the national labor relations board is an independent federal agency that protects the rights of private sector empl .
schoolsfirst federal credit union employees federal pac .
provincial and federal government to launch housing plan for balochistan employees  private people and rest in quet .
 georgewpratt  bdengler19  berniesanders ignoring the fact that business cost taxpayers money when they dump employ .
on the 24th anniversary of the oklahoma city bombing  nteu remembers the 168 peoplemany of whom were federal emplo .
this is not a partisan problemthe system is a wreck  theres zero accountability for wrongdoers who get rewarded f .
 cnnnewsroom  kaitlancollins    b c there are some of those in the  maga  realdonaldtrump crime  family  amp  treasonou .
 asteadwesley  chrislhayes see this is kinda missing point  voters are not supposed to have national security and c .
i was 15 when this happened  i will always remember  i lived 600 miles away in south texas but it was very real  sc .
this new legislation would help federal workers applying for a mortgage during a government shutdown  here s what y .
thank you  astellasus employees for bagging federal food for us  they bagged 500 15 pound bags for our shoppers   .
 senatordurbin obstruction   like bill clinton telling employees to lie   can you profess your innocence without breaking federal law  .
 dsamuelsohn  politico lets be clear   the choice is between following the law  amp  ethical requirements that all fed .
 postopinions  fareedzakaria 3      congress and not president is supposed to be picking members of federal reserve   c .
 anniekarni just like all of the federal employees who told trump how pleased they were to be unpaid because trump .
 dlind hate to tell you  but a state can t tell federal employees what they can cannot do  especially on federal grounds .
 realcandaceo  aoc time to investigate the investigation     oh brother  how can the job pool for federal elected e .
 weremember    federal employees credit union   3rd floor .
 sammarlow79  evml07  jaketapper not all stay to bolster careers and resumes  there are many federal employees stay .
engaging employees is mission critical   but what to do  first  interpreting federal employee survey results need t .
want to learn more about  recordsmanagement   cyberhygiene or  infogov  then register and join  nagara at .
 berniesanders bernie and how much do the employees of these companies pay in federal taxes   it s always the littl .
 whitehatguy  abc7news all federal employees out of the building  but the daycare was full  timothy mcveigh believe .
 realdonaldtrump who am i going to believe your own staff  amp  scores of republican federal employees  or a guy who ha .
good news federal government employees    federal pay raise should appear for many by early next week   federal new .
 sporty191 nope   good friday is not a federal holiday for us  some companies do give employees the day off  but not mine.
 allen11cynthia  ewarren i spent most of my 40 year career implementing environmental programs for industrial clien .
 repandrecarson thought federal employees could only be granted 59 minutes   .
  federal workers and contractors are expected to shoulder the financial burdens incurred from a  government .
 mitchellvii trumps experience was all private sector  the private sector has simple mechanisms to address employe .
 icjia tvpp  khanserai the fact is the people of waco were unnecessarily disturbed and provoked and then they were .
dr  mary jean russell  one of the superb instructors in our ms in mgmt  spoke with fed employees at a federal acade .
today is  roozal s and my fifth wedding anniversary  so we ve decided to give federal employees and the stock marke .
with all the commotion doug ford is causing in ontario its hard to bring attention to the federal employees who ha .
dear people of twitter i ask on this day that we all take a moment of silence in remembering the victims of 4 19 19 .
 molly knight federal employees hoping that trump s  good mood  would prompt him to give feds the day off on passov .
today the okc national memorial is posting a timeline of events from april 19  1995  as they happened  weremember r .
 lwattsgoingon  repgregsteube  gopoversight well  i never ordered federal employees lie to fbi investigators  so it .
 moyshes8  izabelakaramia  faithnaff  jennycohn1 i know where the sentiment comes from  and i don t doubt the patri .
in the following years  congress added more and more budget restrictions to abortion coverage  at this point  no fe .
pre cellphone phone games to track down every family member  we are members of the federal credit union that was in .
 zakouts84  senvillivalam most of the country thinks dc is congress  a bunch of rich lobbyists  and a few thousand federal employees .
one of your employees committed a federal crime.
 justintrudeau can you use that money to prioritize paying your unpaid  phoenixpaysystem federal employees  its be .
 brkloeckner j ai eu un cas pareil  j ai ray les mots for us federal employees qui limitaient to the extent tra .
federal reserve bank of dallas ownership by ceo president robert steve kaplan master board master of unite state of .
for 60 years democrats has let us know that it is ok for powerful men to sexually assault women  obstruct justice  .
 jimodonnell2  jeffersonrettig  realmattcouch hr7 is to eliminate federal funding abortions and is two years old  t .
federal employees and their children  of bright smiling faces taken from their families and loved ones without warn .
 warrenrumak  justwadeonitt  davidprice24 having ten teams off on jackie robinson day and not playing is like havin .
 mfkaufman  repadamschiff protecting law enforcement  placing a hiring freeze on federal employees  taking care of .
then as the interview drew to a close  an anouncement was made by the dj  that several of our fellow american were .
 umbut and  nist wants to raise cap on royalties earned by federal employees to   5 million  per year  on top of salary .
finally heading home after two months in  okc for training        people dont realize how much we sacrifice as federal .
the agency entrusted to enforce merit principles and whistleblower rights for federal employees is shutdown because .
 oatesbryce everyday ers  amp  nifa employees feel like crap  thank god they are holding a afge union election may 9th  .
shutdown causes federal employee s mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill   .
lockheed martin defeats case accusing it of retaliating against employees that called attention to alleged  nasa co .
shutdown causes federal employee s mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill   .
 technology is changing the future of work and  nsf wants to prepare by helping employees plot career paths and con .
tsa officers are among the lowest paid employees in the federal government and the agency refuses to do anything ab .
federal employees must remember they are being paid by the american taxpayer  so just be a decent human and you won .
 lindalo98321437  chrisjzullo  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson    they will all receive back pay  .
 shizukera after this happened my mom s office got a permanent security guard  it was scary for all federal employe .
 adamschiff the scary part of the mueller report is saying that federal employees cant determine trumps guilt  bu .
imagine if every federal employee and military service member acted like  realdonaldtrump contractors  doctors  irs .
 saragideon key finding 1  95  of private sector employees would be covered by the proposed paid family and medical .
 cathjsweeney only the finest for our federal employees .
 randpaul dear people of twitter i ask on this day that we all take a moment of silence in remembering the victims .
 the department of health and human services has issued a solicitation for a potential five year   347m follow on c .
 realdonaldtrump dear people of twitter i ask on this day that we all take a moment of silence in remembering the v .
 realdonaldtrump we need to push hard in uncovering the whos and hows of this witch hunt now  mr  president   if th .
8 00 a m    an idyllic spring morning breaks as employees report to work at the alfred p  murrah federal building i .
dear people of twitter i ask on this day that we all take a moment of silence in remembering the victims of 4 19 19 .
to perform his duties as all federal employees  on our behalf  that is  not on the interest of the president  why w .
thank u 4 this thread  i was working in a federal building in washington  dc when we got news of a horrific attack .
did you know   goodfriday is a federal statutory holiday in  canada across the nation  but in the  unitedstates it .
federal jury decides pennsylvania company wrongfully terminated two employees for participating in u s  department of  environmentguru.
looking good visions federal credit union  all employees  visionsfcu on pavilion rd  jc are wearing our autism awar .
 melissakneuman how about your friends who are professors who aren t federal employees    i would sign up for that .
are you a proud waepa member  if so  refer three friends or colleagues who work as civilian federal employees  and .
federal  whd dol issues an opinion letter clarifying whether an employer may delay designating paid leave as family .
payer so put me on the ballad and i ll show you how to change and make america great safe economical and most of al .
how does he show his face at justice and have long standing honest federal employees not turn away in disgust when .
many federal employees paychecks should look a little larger by early next week  if not sooner  .
 abc  gstephanopoulos she put words in the mouths of fbi agents and federal employees  she lied to justify the firi .
san francisco    federal appeals board  better defunct or with trump appointees   an appeals board for federal empl .
federal courts are divided over whether sexual orientation bias should be considered under title vii  which prohibi .
 potus reporting a group of state federal and said employees who are protecting a crime family under celebrity stor .
 hfdavis he used taxpayer money to have federal employees violate copyright law to be petty  smdh .
they done close to nothing to fix the problem   don t stay at  daysinn of fed way wa   thanks  wyndhamhotels for st .
 leslied3rd  theblaze time to stop protecting   senate congress members who throw out baseless accusations  amp  disrupti .
 organicfanatic5  sarahlerner there is already a state by state federally funded system that assists with childcare .
 realslokhova when non of the employees have any federal clearances or undergone any background checks   company na .
 tonyoelumelu all smes with less than 25 employees should be exempted from payment of taxes at every level  federal .
fellow nigerians  before you start blaming your state governors for not implementing the n30k minimum wage  know th .
 realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews i hope you get our wall and i am grateful for every mile  but consider a .
i think i m getting a clear picture   you maybe a sanctuary city  however the hud and low income housing is paid by .
the event will feature more than 30 employers  including businesses and federal and local government entities  look .
 gail wheeler3 im concerned that you dont care that federal  employees and misused their power and authority to a .
 premiumtimesng with this kind of judiciary for the rich in nigeria accompanied with delayed justice delivering sys .
 abracadebrame  aoc  rashidatlaib there is no deep state  federal civilian employees are highly skilled  highly com .
 thespeaker2018 only those under federal investigation  how many of your employees are members  how many blackmail .
 realdonaldtrump agreed  that is one bad thing about being president  unlike other federal employees you don t have .
the bcs  new deal    employees with no real point in time spent in federal anti trust laws .
 drtongue1  rbreich also  eliminate environmental regulations  deny existence of climate change  blame federal civi .
 equityforallhq  uber  airbnb  taskrabbit  freelancersu the biggest issues are people are preyed upon that are desp .
 exposinglibsbs  sekusa1  aoc vets should be able to get the health care wherever and whenever they want it  our em .
 marypalen5  2018magamidtrmt same with all those employees of the federal government   they all owe the company sto .
 thebookbabe84  rodimusprime wilson also segregated federal employees in dc when it wasnt before the case.
disputes between federal agencies and their employees over alleged misconduct are harder to resolve because of a po .
 steph93065  realdonaldtrump remember all the tension between the us and china after theft of opm data on millions .
welcome to the new instagram page of the us postal service  the usps is the second largest federal agency in the us .
 jackposobiec all federal employees take an oath   .
 shurt1962  chrisjzullo  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson name them    how about the federal employees and coast guar .
 tomporterdc  realdonaldtrump  wwp  iava oh ok they passed a law that va employees can be fired  they continued the .
 n00000048  senfeinstein obstruction of justice  for starters  failing to uphold his oath of office  ordering feder .
 martychargin  kamalaharris its easy to understand higher taxes    low wages  dimshithole  teachers want higher wa .
every individual involved in this attempted coup needs to arrested    if convicted  no time in club fed  all of them .
 realdonaldtrump my dear comrade  realdonaldtrump  yes your actions documented in the mueller report including your .
 brittanydfair sounds like a department of labor complaint should be filed  federal law requires that on call  none .
 gwenmoritz so what was barrack obamas experience and resume   he never had employees or a payroll but if you like .
is it possible for homeland security to calculate costs of processing  feeding  medical care  costs of federal empl .
 realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews if any federal employee engaged in the misconduct detailed in the .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
obama to extend sick leave to 300k employees of federal contractors hardworking people should not have to choose b .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
 triumphtribune  fortheruleoflaw it doesn t require that they be federal employees   elected officials and candidat .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
 thank a democrat   putting illegals over americans       .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
federal employees check your email for your raise .
 joshscampbell  shaunking  preetbharara its time the us code starts being used against federal employees who actual .
 redamor        it may not seem like it with the dumpster  we currently have  but federal employees have ethi .
libs  amp  media with doj  fbi  ag employees   fisa federal judges  nsa  irs   amp  more traitors are gonna face the gallow .
politicians colluding with corporate america and insurance sector to screw us  real question is   why are we taxpay .
u s  manufacturer balance of equilibrium maxium 3  requirements laws  people select entities equities of proper cha .
if any federal employee engaged in the misconduct detailed in the  muellerreport  they would be fired and would be .
 senblumenthal time to stop protecting   senate congress members who throw out baseless accusations  bring an end to .
the  muellerreport empirically confirms federal employees work for a tyrant and proven liar   whitehouse.
 seahawkblue81 they all suck  none of them actually care about troops or federal employees  they lie every time the .
my family paid considerably more in federal taxes this year so companies like principal financial group could pay n .
the military has had a no notice drug screen for years   all federal employees should have to do the same  .
 noltenc they are barley even trying right now  i almost feel bad for them   mass call ins at msm outlets and for .
 netsfan3 sessions remained a senator instead of being an ag  kelly shouldnt have been at dhs or as chief of staff .
 grandartificer  fortheruleoflaw 1  they werent federal employees  and no  its not 30 years        2  its seven for .
so according to  muellerreport sarah  professionalliar huckabee sanders admitted under oath she makes sh t up lies .
 washingtonpost  danbalz no obstructs federal investigation unless they were guilty of something or as in nixon s c .
go get him  speakerpelosi he deserves to be taken down how dare he put successful federal employees in trouble with .
 goforthree the military offers the same better benefits and pension than standard federal employees  the only turn .
 aoc hmmm   add 49 000 more federal employees  sounds similar to the call for creating the tsa  remember .
 arunkj78  grenadealt  helladann  gul garak  rubinreport  jmtan19  theladykatie  safeortrue because one of them act .
 cbsthismorning do they drug test employees in our federal government .
 robertdrosejr1  buck shirley  rosesdaughter61  hummingbird3027  steveconniewood  jeanneshowalte2  juliekillingwo2 .
 jazzyjaaa  senrickscott  sencapito federal employees can get another job   we  the coast guard  sign a 8 year comm .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
 benshapiro ben  do you realize the scale of the scheme by elected officials and employees of the federal governmen .
 basedpompeo  tianathefirst no kinda like the va or park rangers or other federal employees that work for all of the american people .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  via  yahoofinance.
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  via  yahoofinance.
 cbsnews oh      and another holiday so federal employees can have yet another day off with pay .
u s  senators warner  d va  and kaine  d va   announced bipartisan legislation to fix a problem that is denying rel .
 granitereason  clerk gc the federal public service is not politicized  in 2018  273 500 employees work in core ser .
 the federal government gave up on retirement security  as companies shortchange employees with pensions  treasury .
 hudny nj colleagues spreading the word  at jacob javits federal building providing visitors and federal employees .
shutdown causes federal employees mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill .
 robreiner  grigg dana mr  reiner  you are wrong   it s trump v  us  the american voters   congress or federal empl .
many federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks   from fedsmith    .
coordinator  business development and events    national active and retired federal employees association  alexandr .
many  federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks   fedsmith.
join us tonight at 7pm et for a webinar on financial planning for federal employees  you can still register here  .
it is a great disservice to continue to require military members and federal employees to serve under trump   it is .
i asked employees of the credit union where the childs memorial is located what the story was  they didnt know  d .
 andrewscheer canadian victims havent seen justice in decades  federal employees that sexually assault rape childr .
if any federal employee engaged in the misconduct detailed in the  muellerreport   they would be fired and would be .
 sadiqalmustafi  anthony aloye o  elblaque this 30k is for level 1 employees  unskilled probably cleaners   and mor .
 magapill they should be tried under the ucmj  uniform code of military justice    federal law enforcement or intel .
 cj isnowblue 6  2015 washington  on the heels of a vast breach of the personal information of federal employees  .
 lisaecompton  sensanders members of congress used to have the same plan as federal employees until some republican .
a federal jury has ruled that a company in montgomeryville fired two employees in connection with a safety inspecti .
 nteunational federal employees must strike until impeachment proceedings are concluded .
 speakerpelosi  senatemajldr it is clear that  realdonaldtrump has committed crimes in office   it is time for impe .
just the excerpts of the report are damning with respect to obstruction of justice  the level of corrupt rot is bre .
many federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks    .
60 companies paid no federal income tax on  79b     16b allegedly not paid by corporations  a lot was paid by its emp .
 reppeteking wipe your chin   youve got trump on it  so potus directed federal employees to commit crimes of obstr .
 petedurango  demien196319  premierscottmoe  mmandryk they also have no problem taking equalization from oil and ga .
congresswoman luria introduces bill to provide relocation support for federal civilian employees .
federal jury decides pennsylvania company wrongfully terminated two employees for participating in u s  department .
federal jury decides pennsylvania company wrongfully terminated two employees for participating in u s  department .
 senrickscott  sencapito thats great  but why not extend that to all federal employees   they dont deserve to be held hostage again .
the federal it workforce is aging rapidly  with 60 year old technology employees outnumbering the under 30 crowd by .
what makes dc work  is it the federal gov t employees who are well paid  well educated  and never face mergers  acq .
 senrickscott  sencapito what about the other federal employees  dont care about them .
report  pork safety inspection oversight shifting to processors  now the job for identifying diseased and contamina .
n gen is conducting a survey to better understand how border policies affect researchers  including college student .
 jennlynbrown as an interpreter  not a lawyer   i would be interested in size  amp  status of the org  a small non prof .
correction  notmedicareforall   gt   medicaidforall     gt   30millionillegals   gt  get medicaid   seniors get   gt   medicaid .
email from my senator tim kaine expressing outrage that only 1  of public service employees who applied for student .
including  btw  the knowingly false claim that the rank and file fbi opposed comey  were up in arms and that cou .
 swim  should start bombing dispensaries  grow ops  etc  amp  assassinating their employees  amp  owners  amp  weed market inve .
lawmakers continue to introduce legislation to decrease the effects on federal employees during future shutdowns    .
 blakehounshell all deadends  real criminals are yet uncovered democrats and aiding federal employees   coupthwarted.
many federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks .
 uscensusbureau  hudmidatlantic  natlparkservice  eparegion3  tsa  3afge  nffe union we still have funds available .
yup  amend the constitution  the provision has proven to be worthless when  on the impeach o meter  getting your di .
 runyan50  renato mariotti  cbsthismorning turley is team trump   he flat out lies about the law to defend him        n .
 dlucabrasi lol yeah  from the department of justice s own website        section 508 requires us to ensure that federa .
sounds like a threat against federal employees  isnt there a law  .
 akbarsahmed  mrjoncryer  betsydevosed and the head of blackwater aka  xe services aka academi  a group who on 9 16 .
 realdonaldtrump 2    deep state employees who repeatedly violated national security  broke federal laws  amp  engaged .
 elizamissa  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump  gop and just like private companies pay employees  our federal tax doll .
the first thing i would do as president is sign an executive order requiring federal employees to memorize a page o .
 realdonaldtrump we should cut 10  every year from the federal budget and employees  there is plenty of dead wood i .
cms energy corporation employees for better government  federal .
 berniesanders what s the point  most colleg degrees equal internship at best for most  better off pushing for trad .
 davidrutz  nicolledwallace federal employees can easily make nothing last 22 months .
the ponder  bills holding federal employees accountable for mi    .
disputes between federal agencies and their employees over alleged misconduct are harder to resolve because of a po .
 asdevaul amazon has 566 000 employees  if they all made federal min wage that would be  8 384 480 000 and amazon p .
 weathergeek68 you arent reading the whole story  later down  it explains that they get paid the maximum rate for .
now today s  federalnewscast       .
moving should not be a burden on federal employees working for america  our bill would eliminate an unnecessary wor .
 the trump train mr  president america has to see the truth  it s time the real  rule of law  does it s job  god fo .
one of the unanswered questions here  did alden use the pension   of former newspaper employees to buy and slash ot .
 prisonplanet the left had 99  of the news media and federal employees  plus 100  of institutes of supposedly highe .
 kgold661  rokhanna  theendo the  rich  pay far more than those who aren t  it s urban legend propaganda by liberta .
federal govt owe to utility store corporation let alone 27 billion rupees in respect of subsidy  the corporation do .
glad to see all the money raised for notre dame  however  where i live is still devastated by hurricane michael  th .
 matthewamiller the short presser allowed the general to prop up his written summary   but became testy when great .
publication fed military army schoolmaster university future return schedule law new resources coming soon boss sig .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federal employees .
me  president     you should begin to haze all federal employees so they know their place         hazing is ba characte .
icymi  a health care specialist who has alleged his job offer was rescinded after his would be employer learned he .
 shanoreily  gametheorytoday people tend to forget there are two million federal employees and we don t like people who break the rules .
national active and retired federal employees  narfe  will host their monthly meeting monday  april 22 at western s .
 hardballchris chris it is tough facing the reality that the bad behavior was by federal employees in various agenc .
question of the week   can i keep my federal employees health benefits  fehb  after age 65   click the link to find .
workers compensation for federal employees in minnesota  .
no employees of any company that has contracts with the federal government  or state  should be allowed to hold gov .
          25 000 apartments will be constructed for government employees in the federal capital     insafianspower1.
many federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks    .
 repblumenauer democrats are willing to completely destroy healthcare  destroy the health insurance companies  put .
 destruction of federal environment mgt and attacks on staff   association of gov environment employees published t .
enjoy the disgusting media display today folks   potus will continue to do the job we hired him to do  congress  th .
 corybooker two federal holidays in a weeks time   very fiscally responsible  senator   polls open early stay open .
federal employees have a 17  higher wage benefit package than their private sector counterparts   cbo finding   at .
should there be a relationship between the total compensation of state and federal employees and the total compensa .
 thenorthface why don t you post what it would cost us to pay all local state and federal employees to not do work another day.
job  lees summit united states   project manager   infrastructure   geha is a leader in health services f  geha is .
 sensanders will you insist that all federal employees to include all elected officials  enroll in it   yes or no .
what abput those blacks moving to va and md in million dollar homes in huge all black communities  there are ore we .
federal employees get perks taxpayers can only dream of   thehill .
 cspanwj i guess my thoughts are now we can turn our  country s  attention to  locking her up         but now i want .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews wonder how many federal employees trump fans maybe next year a goal would be keeping gove .
  bih will verify diplomas of employees in federal bodies  public companies and companies majority owned by the fe .
we appreciate this feedback very much  the operators abide by the federal and state labor laws regarding their employees .
 richardleegrac1  steveboyer5000  tytyistooshort what  we pay federal taxes  we pay more than minnesota for example .
federal employees cooperative housing society  fechs  jobs 2019latest  .
federal employees cooperative housing society  fechs  jobs 2019latest  .
federal employees cooperative housing society jobs 2019latest  .
federal employees cooperative housing society jobs 2019latest  .
 captainaustina  beanielordxo  usatoday pls share exactly where did i say that federal employees are not getting paid      .
 elgrowzone  accidentalhurt example       amazon     0 federal taxes for   11 000 000 000 taxa .
 captainaustina  beanielordxo  usatoday what    federal employees in the island are getting paid  my ex husband of .
 cubsmomma23  theplumlinegs  maddow federal employees dont contradict their superiors in public .
 captainaustina  beanielordxo  usatoday federal employees  about 20  of our employee mania  pay the individual fede .
 therightreader  nnubonnie  aoc perhaps most of those jobs  by law  must be filled by current federal employees  ge .
 blu3block3rs  justiceoig  fbi  judicialwatch only available to federal employees  isnt that funny    .
 youranonnews but  that s kind of my point  taxes do get paid  by the sellers themselves and by employees as income .
the 2016 anti bds bill was blocked by a federal court in september  citing a possible violation of the 1stamendment .
seems like the real scandal is buried within this article  retired federal judges keep their full annual salary in .
 africanis  seleonard310  web rant  gqmagazine  deray  aoc thats crap  trump has hired illegals his whole life bec .
 hempstaff ha  local businesses have paid rent  paid business licenses  paid state fees  paid federal fees  paid fo .
 roedog56  dbongino a deep cleaning needs to happen across our government  this is what happens when  either you ca .
 trevortombe  jenwinter yyc    when albertan s elected a federal government that enacted a policy of forced economi .
 ahmad saleem or islamabad mein to federal employees will somehow manage to deposit the instalments  how will the b .
 dineshdsouza question is what charges can be brought against a past president of the us if proven he planned  coll .
federal jury decides pa company wrongfully terminated two employees for participating in us dol investigation .
 diane mae  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump federal employees rely on socialism when they retire on their pensions .
one third of federal employees .
small government well let s look at it we have 2 1 million in federal employees servicing almost 330 million indivi .
prime minister of islamic republic of pakistan  mr  imran khan will inaugurate naya pakistan housing program on 17  .
 shanejblair  dylanthegypsy  mikefreemannfl whos going to pay the art historians and building experts   federal e .
chris lu  why trump s cabinet vacancies  turnover threaten our government     lack of political leadership in trump .
pbs news     shows how obama stonewalled requests      for a second consecutive year  the obama administration set .
 2paisay yeh project mujhe lagta hai islamabad mai federal employees ke lie hai   wallah ilm.
 kman35ca  kusickam  stephenharper  jkenney the new federal employees payroll system made by ibm .
 evanperez       hello mr  perez    is it not true  that if trump retaliates and or terminates employees that testified u .
 merittharnett this is terrible        he has to get money from somewhere to pay for his ads about carbon tax  mone .
what s also radical is that companies like  netflix  amp   amazon pay 0 in federal taxes  companies that make billions .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump here s hoping mitch s shut down lasts the rest of his life    remember people of kentu .
rest assured  friends  in accordance with federal law  no usps employees were barked at during scheduled pickup of .
us postal employees handing out fliers in south station barking  the post office takes no federal funding  not one .
welcome to the new twitter page for us postal service careers  the usps is the second largest federal agency in the .
the avg  tenure of a secretary of energy is 2 yrs  11 mths  9 days  that s a key reason why the doe  which is overw .
 seanhannity love your show  but please tell me why no fox host has asked any socialist that s crying for medicare .
 chriscuomo       hello chris     if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  that testified under oath .
 realdonaldtrump im for tax incentives that help companies stay in the us and hire more employees but this is absu .
 tuckercarlson love your show  i watch fox from the time the five comes on till hannity  and not once have i seen a .
 nationalvolunteermonth  lindsay  a federal employee who came to volunteer when she was furloughed during the gover .
 weems  micahflee  petebuttigieg  xychelsea  snowden iirc  there are some  but only for employees of the federal go .
awf would like to thank arnold scott with  afgenational for speaking with us today about fighting to get federal em .
 aikens josh and all their employees did pay federal taxes  op  bernie  did i burst your bubble       correction  overp .
hutchenrider  has employees at every level of the socioeconomic scale  millennials are not interested in buying hom .
 camryn corral federal employees getting a 1 9  pay increase.
 khawatermelon i am sorry  are you serious  state employees have a percentage of the dispersed funds withheld from .
 leecamp it bears mentioning that a major reason they are paying  0 in net federal income taxes owed is the value o .
 chuckwoolery how about medicare ii  requiring all federal govt employees and families to be on this   no exception .
 berniesanders this from the man who voted for obamacare that forced everyone  but him and all congress people and .
welcome to the new twitter page for us postal service careers  the usps is the second largest federal agency in the .
there is a a possible whistleblower in california that claims federal government hires illegal aliens  knows it and .
 ppc ec  bigjstoff how many federal employees are you going to have to lay off to balance the budget  thats 50 000 .
shutdown causes federal employees mortgage application to be denied which leads to new bill  .
the federal cyber reskilling academy is underway  with 30 federal employees looking to become trained cyber defense .
the year uab announced  1billion in donations  they also announced zero raises would be given to hospital employees .
welcome to the new instagram page of the us postal service  the usps is the second largest federal agency in the us .
 aprildryan       hello ms  ryan  if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  he will be in violation .
 outfrontcnn       hello ms  burnett        if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  he will be in vio .
 erinburnett       hello ms  burnett        if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  that testified un .
 dcexaminer  hillaryclinton  speakerpelosi and one more thing all federal employees will go under secured random dr .
 jeffreytoobin hey mr  toobin  if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  he will be in violatio .
 cnnsitroom       hey wolf  if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  he will be in violation of fe .
the i am pima award recognizes pima federal employees who live our common purpose of helping others and constantly .
 wolfblitzer       hey wolf  if trump retaliates against or fires any employees under him  he will be in violation of f .
 mr maga man  belcherjody1  armandkllein nope  i trust trump 100     no doubt in my mind he loves america    there are .
 sighlauryn   insiderphilly  cnn not true for federal aviation employees  flight attendants pilots  its considered .
 csgazette if  carlsjr tries that crap in colorado springs  military folks  federal employees   amp  dod contractors wi .
 thehill one more holiday  you and all federal employees get more time off than tax payers  we are voting and its against the swamp.
 alecjasonn im sure s he can for federal employees  as im pretty sure its been done before   and to be fair he p .
a health care specialist who has alleged his job offer was rescinded after his would be employer learned he was gay .
a health care specialist who has alleged his job offer was rescinded after his would be employer learned he was gay .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump tax cuts have nothing to do with wage increases  wages are driven by supply  amp  demand  .
 thehill does he know that many people   still work   on  federal holidays   especially  the low income  hourly ser .
 shadowwarriorpm  tipouchon46  physicsgeek  chadfelixg  usatoday we pay federal taxes too  we pay more than minneso .
want to serve on the lone star state incident management team  visit  to learn more and appl .
 ayannapressley how about that option for all federal employees  not just the ones with titles .
symposium presenter kara cardona  senior vice president  navy federal credit union   we currently employ 7 000 and .
it s almost like they viewed the newspapers and their employees solely as a source of investment capital      .
arnold scott  district 6 international vice president of  afgenational spoke to awf today about the governments re .
a health care specialist who has alleged his job offer was rescinded after his would be employer learned he was gay .
scott afb bues the use of marijuana  medicinal or social  may be legal in your state but it is still not legal for .
 veronica2twit the federal government is collecting billions  with a b  in tax revenue from employees and companies .
u s  supreme court may soon decide whether federal law protects employees against  sexual orientation discriminatio .
federal  whd dol issues an opinion letter clarifying whether an employer may delay designating paid leave as family .
 billoreilly holding federal employees accountable  what a novel idea   about freaking time  .
 4 rhode  gartinojune  tuckman andrea  realjameswoods  bretbaier  sensanders okay  i think i am misunderstanding so .
          .
 jsolomonreports as long as all these seditious federal employees who were involved are charged accordingly  then m .
student loans should be considered a tax write off for employers       a company should be able to pay off its employee .
 sirajraval the notion that they paid 0  in federal taxes is not true   they may have paid 0  in corporate income t .
typical conservative response  they claim to be the party that supports veterans  but all they really are is a bunc .
 berniesanders what the hell right does the federal government have to tell an employer what they have to pay their employees .
wcpo obtained video of an attack inside the southern ohio correctional institution  now  some of the victims have f .
electrician jobs in federal employees cooperative housing society  federal employees .
site supervisor jobs in federal employees cooperative housing society  federal employees .
office assistant jobs in federal employees cooperative housing society  federal employees .
patwari jobs in federal employees cooperative housing society  federal employees .
office manager jobs in federal employees cooperative housing society  federal employees .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019        smallbusiness  smallcontractors.
pm imran khan gives an unprecedented good news to federal government employees .
the national active and retired federal employees chapter 1191 held its monthly meeting tuesday april 9 at the asia .
 engr aml  mustafa ppp  roymmalik  senatepakistan  ppp org  bbhuttozardari  cm  sindh making all efforts to shift t .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch if we can t trust federal employees to keep politics out of their jobs  lock em up .
federal reserve bank of dallas ownership by elijah board master of unite state of american master assisted living f .
 vote the bums out  and hope that the new bums will limit their own power  is it reasonable for americans to expect .
 hellodigit i keep trying to register it with my bank which is publix employees federal credit union and it keeps t .
 juliekillingwo2  robertdrosejr1  steveconniewood  denadarlynn  elianok10  lizmacdonaldfox  greggutfeld .
the defendant list includes 31 doctors  22 other licensed medical professionals and seven others who are owners  op .
and  as federal employees all salaries are public so i wish the trolls good luck finding the big    .
any of yall federal employees .
i really want to support my local outdoor shops but it is hard when employees have advocated  poaching  in both cas .
activision blizzard avoided paying any federal taxes saving 51  in write offs  did any of their employees benefit from the millions saved .
 seanhannity shouldn t all federal employees and elected officials have to have drug tests once a year .
   breaking news    2 3 rds not 1 3 of our elite federal government employees are corrupt  two thirds of them are a .
 nathanschmidt13  drvox  democracystorm  pareene when i read this in the article  i quickly went to websters to se .
interesting  central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27       harrisburg  pa .
 cherylk k  jeremynewberger  realdonaldtrump pay raises for federal employees  tariff war with china   etc  he appe .
 usps is the most incompetent mailing agency on the face of the planet  they also hire extremely incompetent indivi .
disability and workplace harassment and discrimination among canadian federal public service employees  .
okay federal government  since we  literally  just paid your salaries  here s what i  taxpayer  would like to see  .
i saw this on the streets today  i think theres a good model we can create here  when we get the 2 700 000 millions .
nominally  there is one executive for every eight federal employees  a ratio that would bankrupt many private industries  martin l  gross.
nearly 60 mds charged in federal opioid sting  pbms  amp  carriers allow this because it s good .
lets see      he started it during bush admin  amp  continued during the obama administration with those career federa .
 riskman57  jduffyrice no  all businesses would not shut down  plenty of businesses choose to pay their employees l .
 brenan d  michaelsreith1  conservmillen that s all 1 8 million americans working at or below federal minimum wage  .
ffs    half the battle of  getting to the truth   is media misrepresentation of the facts   the other half is the p .
 johnslaughter  ilhan  aoc  rashidatlaib how many federal employees do you want to pay with private tax payer money .
accountant general of the federation  ahmed idris  discloses that he has released n55b to pay arrears of entitlemen .
 urbanplannerned  imrankhanpti government servant scheme under federal government employees housing foundation  fge .
 urbanplannerned  imrankhanpti some federal gov employees housing scheme  half the time no idea how this govt works .
 aajkamrankhan  drsamarmubarak ke  ucgprojectthar  tharcoal  block05  thar  sindh ke employees ko  salaries kab mil .
 mikefichera  jzfriedman it was further expanded in 1973 to all universities receiving federal contracts and having 50 or more employees .
most federal employees will see retroactive pay raise next week .
ocean county republican chairman george gilmore was found guilty by a federal jury today of 2 counts of failing to .
 matthun67472111  cbcmeg cbc accusations are usually baseless bullshit  i dont expect anyone to go to jail  i do e .
a report by researchers at  pennstate found that opioid related employment loss may have cost u s  state  amp  federal .
 duggandistrict2  ali taghva  conservative parties are now the champions of freedom of speech    except of course w .
 jessiejaneduff  stclairashley explain to me why we don t require our elected officials to go through the same rigo .
 sensanders what actuarial tables will you be using for the government mandate 60    will the 2 5 million insurance .
 anwarlodhi todays project is for federal govt employees starting from grade  16 22   do you think this project in .
 chmsarwar todays project is for federal govt employees starting from grade  16 22   do you think this project in .
 prddeplbl0157  leonwhi63670221  fnicholasr  clairevaux  alta247  sayit preztrump  libertyschild1  houseofjames2 .
 aoc  ewarren warren s only bill benefitted federal employees and officials by earning more in their retirement acc .
a  strategic  mou signing between fahr and university of dubai in order offer our  training department  ced   profe .
 johnnywrabbit1  thehill wrong  pelosi forced trump to reopen the government again and pay those hardworking federa .
 npr this article is very irresponsible  this law gives employees an affirmative defense in court  thats about it  .
 thenorthface national holiday means it is federally sanctioned  which means tax money spend on federal employees t .
new jersey federal court awards millions to an employee in a defamation case  .
truliant federal credit union now seeking vendors to connect with their 400 employees at their upcoming employee he .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch 2of 2                is aunited states federal lawwhose main provision prohibi .
have you been trained  air tech offers hands on technical  amp  sales training to employees of our authorized dealer pa .
no more tax deductions for reimbursing employees  moving expenses   writeoffwednesday  both the employer and employ .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch if you snowflakes thought you had a meltdown in 2016 .
 frankdelfinpupo  charliekirk11 barr works for trump     trump is chief executive    he is technically in charge of all .
 berniesanders every one of the employees from top to bottom paid federal  state  amp  local taxes on wages earned from .
federal facilities are operating normally  fps has distributed the bolo to all guards and staff  federal employees .
federal employees only   federal  takebackday is april 24th  10am to 2pm   see take back locations for federal empl .
the obvious flaw with bernie sanders health care plan is he says taxpayers will have to pay the cost but almost ha .
 surge switch trump isn t using reganomics  or whatever people think that is  trump lowered federal taxes for all a .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  via  yahoofinance it s just o .
 jiminhofe please take a look at federal employees sick leave and veteran civil service employees who have service .
 insafpk the apartments are learnt to be for govt servants  obviously  belong to federal govt employees housing fou .
motivate your employees to stay  see how to step up your leadership skills   leadership  employeeretention .
prime minister imran khan launches naya pakistan housing scheme  5 million homes in next 5 years to be constructed  .
many federal employees will get retroactive pay raise next week  .
after the longest government  shutdown in u s  history ended  a  prudential survey of federal employees exposed the .
  huntsvilleretirementspecialists  huntsvillefinancial .
 ghost ready  adrian08717593  tonevee7  pattheschmidt  aoc  repjayapal so some questions for you    1  so we make all .
introduced in the senate last week  the employees paid leave act would provide federal employees with 12 weeks of p .
 robcennon  aaronm20854986  quistranch  tysonmastel  albertandp progressively raising minimum wage to  15 hr liftin .
 nayaroldan  denisedresserg  pajaropolitico  pemex  rocionahle   lopezobrador   irma sandoval    mexican federal gove .
why would  nmdems want this        this federal policy of flooding the market with cheap white collar graduates and bl .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federal employees  world tribune  window on the real wor .
 adrian08717593  tonevee7  ghost ready  pattheschmidt  aoc  repjayapal amen to that   medicare for all  no choice  .
 brasilmagic forcing federal employees to take a month plus without pay showed us that even people with good govern .
 dslesperance  mtnbvan  evasiu21  dima nomad  bernadettentf  ronmortgageguy  strategyrick  qlee50  ufwd yvr .
 4 rhode  gartinojune  tuckman andrea  realjameswoods  bretbaier  sensanders yep   same subsidy as every other fede .
time for pennsylvania leaders to start protecting the federal employees because the federal government won t    tax .
that is  the bonuses of 181 300 employees vs  wages for 640 000 people   .
 katemadedesigns  thenorthface the problem with that is federal employees get the day off to  so states that have m .
 meg writesstuff  thenorthface the problem with that is federal employees get the day off to  so states that have m .
 jackposobiec lol  so he is going to indict the federal judges or the doj employees that all worked tirelessly to d .
 blog  a look at many of the upcoming conferences and events that look into how best to train federal employees to .
employers with at least 100 employees are required to file eeo 1 survey annually  federal government contractors wi .
state overtime rule could help workers   state could assure 120 000 employees left behind by federal rule get paid .
todays federal reserve is like having a boss at work who is the most incompetent  lazy  dishonest employee  and yet .
 crewcrew some ethics rules against lobbying apply to former federal employees  can he be brought up on charges     o .
 berniesanders hey bernie    you left out the social security match and the medicare match that these corporations pa .
 judithm58  crvaccaro  greta journalists can ruin us overnight  we dont get theirs  same with federal judges and o .
 cvpayne jamie is not really a liberal  he has to pander to union pension fund administrators for city  state  and .
at trumps federal labor police  lights are on but no ones home   emplaw  hr  employees.
 mohammadnaeem   ghulamhusainpk federal employees ko fixed permonth salary hoti hai aur us k sath un ko house rent .
a federal grand jury has indicted 20 people for a racketeering conspiracy at the maryland correctional institute je .
today  we signed an mou with  fahr uae to bring our award winning digital  qualifications to the employees of the f .
 blog  a look at many of the upcoming conferences and events that look into how best to train federal employees to .
how federal employees can avoid overpaying for life insurance    .
 jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler all federal and state employees .
many judicial commission leaders are hopeful the  metoo movement and the recent reforms by federal and state courts .
 gehrigwrincik  theofficertatum  berniesanders how much in income taxes did those companies collect from their empl .
 luv69  realdonaldtrump  markyoungtruth employees law enforcement    military city state amp federal employees criminally .
 liraquel12  realdonaldtrump trump didnt give federal employees pay increases  the legislative branch did   if it .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  by  bcheungz .
federal employees cooperative housing society jobs 2019 latest  federal employees .
federal employees cooperative housing society  fechs  jobs 2019 latest  federal employees .
 kamalaharris teachers arent federal employees .
good news for the federal government employees .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019   yahoo finance   smallbusiness  reviews.
 conservmillen i would look less to wages and more to tax policy  instead of demanding a bizz pay its workers a ce .
ever since its transformation  the federal service has achieved some incredible results    300 employees and 0 man .
 ridesafeworld  uberlyftdrivers  nyctaxinews when uber lyft corporations still profit from harm caused to its custo .
accountant general of the federation  ahmed idris  discloses that he has released n55b to pay arrears of entitlemen .
 scoutmaya9799  socaljess55  asmmelendez stars and strips is run by civilian federal employees  they poll pogs  pe .
amazon pays no taxes  the companys profits goes to pay employees who do pay federal  state  amp  local taxes  .
fortinet this week agreed to pay the us government  545 000 to settle claims it allowed employees to peddle chinese .
reminder  congress is responsible for immigration law  you are a member of congress  do your job and stop passing t .
 uspto employees give back through the combined federal campaign     content reproduced verb   .
 realdonaldtrump if we have such a great economy   than why were federal employees on soup kitchen lines just 2 wee .
 imoanministries  judgejoebrowntv  mcg1981  robynm001  mrsingnature  jamesbarnes77  brainfooood  themankhosi .
 jonmehtala    made which would regulate the largest companies  forcing them to obtain a federal charter to ensure .
 rednationrising  jackarnett11  thereval question       why doesn t the irs charge al       because he s a democrat and abo .
scuc isd trustees approved recommendation of a one time lump sum employee compensation payment of  1 000 to all eli .
 ballin colin24  theofficertatum  berniesanders paid for by political contributions  real business owners pay emplo .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump tough in massachusetts  omg  live here  you will see  i m sitting here like who to .
 palatofino  zebop federal employees benefit plan .
 rob shehan  b3gsfan  speakerpelosi except the crisis is real  and nancy was ready to go on vaca and leave the 800k .
 tim cook how about the rebuilding efforts in the florida panhandle following hurricane michael   no state or feder .
 berniesanders each one of these fine corporations are paying millions of employees and the federal government is t .
 b3gsfan  speakerpelosi brenda  remember congress came up with a bipartisan appropriation bill for border security .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
 billgates  microsoft my father and many other federal employees donated designs for many inventions core to many b .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
a group of hackers that doxxed thousands of federal law enforcement employees last week has followed up with more p .
 cameron300bruce no one s saying it s illegal  it s just morally reprehensible when their employees  who do pay fed .
 jportercpa they need to change w 4 form to allow employees to withhold their choice of 5   10   15   20   25   etc .
the 2 700 000 million federal employees do not include the military     fraternity setup  amp  everyone wants in  leaning on the system.
btw  you guys did the calculations  2 700 000 million federal employees all across america  take up  540 000 000 00 .
many federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks    .
 msnbc 1 the way i see it  the law is clear  they have to turn over his tax returns  or   as federal employees  fac .
 lanielou5  bobbrinson1  tigerletsroll  petebuttigieg  governorva shady circumstances  the guy was under federal in .
 mishmashmisty  progressivemock  mzhemingway the only tax we can t pay by law is the one to the individual cus no r .
for the first time in 7 years  the social security admin is sending no match letters  they alert employers that s .
 itsbevolski  berniesanders all of the smaller businesses pay federal taxes and their employees pay federal taxes .
.
many federal employees should see pay raise in upcoming checks  .
 ingrahamangle  sensanders if this is such a great idea    then just fold all the federal government employees into .
with over 9 million employees  plus over 5 million contractees   the us government is the largest employer in the c .
one of the more important posts i ve written  i have no idea why this is not getting the coverage it desperately ne .
 sd8nsc  wildchris2000  nomosocialism75  alllibertynews  thepaleorider  ritaj2011  parentwayne  yomurphy06 .
 berniesanders how much do their employees pay in federal taxes  the united states government should be happy these .
 bayl3rat  haleaziz immigration judges is shorthand for administrative law judges in the executive office for imm .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  via  yahoofinance.
 bryanma18455275  jhsagittarius79  oliverdarcy  benshapiro but somethings have to be done by eo  like actually putt .
it makes no fucking sense how probationary period is 2 years for federal employees .
 terri911065  krassenstein citations  please       my experience in and out of government is that federal employees tak .
the most disgraceful aspect of list is that the funds that weren t distributed to pay taxes  went to pump up  alrea .
 there have been several motions   to cut higher pension contributions  amp  change the health care benefits for federa .
 realdonaldtrump government employees at the federal aviation admin say the boeing 737 max is operationally suitabl .
 realdonaldtrump government employees at the federal aviation admin do whatever the president tells them to do    t .
 berniesanders  ilhan but those corporations hire millions of people in the us and abroad    those employees pay fede .
why can t frauds just get a real job instead of impersonating federal employees lmao.
all federal employees to use  mx  honorific  it will save screening time algorithmically  with sensors and cameras .
 getbusy5  guyshermannyc  zakibouhkbouhk federal guidelines set limits to how much federal employees can spend per .
 ajustinbreen  triumphtimes  thehill  aoc  icegov you are advocating for the mass incarceration of federal employee .
 therockguykeith  stopcens0rship  gwardo630  ajshorr  stefanmolyneux a large rise in the federal mw would hurt some .
 duhlency  kijanikipepeo why singleout kamala harris    shes not alone in this    most politicians  amp  federal employees .
 thenorthface i d rather have election day as a national holiday  earth day is always on a weekend so it really doe .
join us on 4 18   7pm et for a webinar on financial planning for federal employees  learn more and register here  .
employees often claim that they are disabled by job stress caused by  their supervisor   a federal appeals court sa .
uspto employees give back through the combined federal campaign  0 visits  .
 berniesanders amazon alone employees over 600 000 people who pay federal  state  and possibly local taxes  what ha .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019  by  bcheungz .
 federal employees may soon see codified  paid time off to take care of a new child or sick relative with the april .
in our community   pa06  over 99  of the firms are considered small businesses  the bill would direct federal gover .
today the federal cio  suzettekent45 visited with the first inaugural federal cyber reskilling academy class  this .
heads up juul  according to nutrition  rogerbezanis         a federal agency perhaps the fbi   has planted 4 agents in th .
no tolls  weve paid for the roads many times over       the federal govt already compensates is for our of state drive .
 financialpros  through our highly rated retirement workshop program  youll build a sustainable and rewarding busi .
 roughsilklotus  icecreamkohn2 so you must be asking congress to pass a federal family leave bill that would pay al .
uspto employees give back through the combined federal campaign             .
federal prosecutors announced the indictment of 20 people on racketeering and other charges involving inmates and m .
 berniesanders the federal government gets plenty of money from its payroll taxes on its employees plus lets not fo .
as  cmohhs i ll be supporting the next federal agency pharmaceutical take back event on 04 24 19 from 10 00am  1 00 .
 federal employees currently receive no paid time off for the birth  adoption or foster placement of a child  or to .
 colbyas  senschumer  realdonaldtrump we pay federal taxes  the only tax we can t pay is the individual tax cus  no .
 whitehouse is   whitehouse run by federal employees  if so  this is an abuse of the  hatchact which prevents endor .
 tracylenz  dgandia  timeonhands  senschumer  realdonaldtrump we pay federal taxes  the only tax we can t pay is th .
fewer small businesses expected to hire new employees in 2019   yahoo finance .
 thenorthface everyday you can go out and celebrate life on earth  no need for another federal holiday and more laz .
6  reporting every dollar in schedule a when it s less than  100  this could make federal employees that purposeful .
 trending   central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27       harrisburg  pa .
 sethabramson trump brought his  business  to the wh  he thinks he hired employees loyal to him  not federal employ .
the american federation of government employees has condemned the transgender military ban that went into effect on .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federal employees .
they say yoga is relaxing  but you may have an aneurysm knowing that the government put  150 000 towards yoga classes for federal employees .
director s forum  a blog from uspto s leadership   uspto employees give back through the combined federal campaign   .
evolving federal  state and local laws make routinely reviewing and updating handbooks critical for employers  when .
 xufinalfour12  dennisdayton  rwpusa yet amazon uses federally funded companies to deliver all of its packages   an .
you  bernie2020  berniesanders2020 fans  do understand  bernie hisself admitted that you will pay on each visit to .
this is republican publication white master elijah born in ray base bell county texas activities spirit return of e .
do you have a security clearance problem with the secret service or dept of state  the edmunds law firm can help  w .
is broke  i find that you have to prove your federal apply to america people  it may apply to federal employees not .
how the hell does america not run into a deficit when we employ 2 711 000 mil federal employees with benefits    th .
a group of hackers that doxxed thousands of federal law enforcement employees last week has followed up with more p .
 amyklobuchar  maddow a k  you wouldnt know what you were looking at        i feel all members of congress should be s .
 bisp pakistan  ehsaas pk  pid gov  pakpmo  sanianishtar  ptvnewsofficial employees of  ucgprojectthar  tharcoal .
 rt com great step forward  hopefully its written correctly    what protections do american whistleblowers have  o .
multiple federal circuit court decisions have upheld employers right to both weigh employees and to fire them sole .
federal agencies  automate complex business processes with  rpa and ia so your employees can accomplish more  .
 realdonaldtrump   you just said that  ilhanmn doesnt understand life  real life  you asshole  take a look at yo .
 shawnstom777  ilhan  dnomyar2912 so what  if you or i owned a llc  and paid out 300 00 in payroll taxes  we would .
  usopm wants an easier way to analyze regulatory text   billymitchell on the agencys plan to integrate advanced t .
thrift savings plan  amp  divorce  5 tips federal employees  amp  their spouses shouldknow  .
at its simplest  the employees of amazon pay 25   of their salaries in taxes  firms creating those jobs pay 0   who .
the national finance center  the federal governments largest payroll processor  announced today that most civilian .
12 weeks paid family leave for federal employees proposed in new senate bill    .
uspto  uspto employees give back through the combined federal campaign  0 visits  .
   not as a thing the poor bounce off of when they stumble  but as a spiders web to ensnare the taxpayer        when t .
employees of accuweather experienced severe and pervasive sexual harassment  according to a federal workplace inv .
 sallydeal4  repkatieporter  jpmorgan    majority stock holder of reserve funds held in my name at federal reserve al .
 berniesanders here s my question   will congress  federal  state and local government employees also be transition .
as  useeoc s proposal to extend its eeo 1 deadline continues to unfold  employers with 100  employees and federal c .
 markschultzy the us still contracts out printing to companies  stamps for example are made currently by two compan .
 biggsag great article on the salaries of public employees  we included it in our newsletter  .
 seanhannity if you are familiar with the hatch act  any federal employees cannot perform acts for political reason .
 armystrang i had friends who were working jobs and contributing to rent at 13 years old  if  fostering the norm of .
 ilhan a rebate is not being handed money for free  it s less money being taken from a fee you owe  so rebate doesn .
currently talking about his working families flexibility act  which repeals federal law that prohibits employers fr .
nwac is at the federal pay equity information session discussing the new pay equity act  one in force  the legislat .
 ilhanmn change the laws   i understand it is redundant to make federal employees pay tax on their incomes  but any .
 usopm i find it quite discouraging  that 18 years after section 508 implementation  one of the most widely used we .
 wfb fraud  wellsfargo employees won t even answer a simple question that s why the ceo of wells fargo will be subp .
 blazerboosters y all need to talk to administration about raises for employees alumni  been at the hospital 6yrs a .
 peggluntz  davidwohl  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters how about rewarding those federal employees that wor .
wait              what   .
heres a singular task        repeal automatic employer withholding of income taxes        repeal the current tax payment a .
 sencorygardner heres a singular task        repeal automatic employer withholding of income taxes        repeal the curre .
 ilhan this is an absurd post   a corporation is just an entity   so what if it doesn t pay federal taxes     which .
attacks on juul increase       a federal agency perhaps the fbi   has planted 4 agents in the ranks   of juul employees       t .
 cnnopinion  stevenmnuchin1 mr  secretary   the antiquated federal tax system still penalizes workers on overtime w .
 berniesanders the dems are moving in the wrong direction on this  the federal state and local governments should e .
thanks to our friends  federalnewsnet for supporting the public service walk  amp  run on april 28 as as a media partne .
it s time for bernie to address the millions of medical workers in the u s  and tell them his plans for them as his .
rt sonicwall  hackers have leaked personal information on the fbi  police officers  secret service and other federa .
 jessacawillis spend a half hour with an attorney  really  federal and state wage and hours laws are heavily in favor of employees .
rt sonicwall hackers have leaked personal information on the fbi  police officers  secret service and other federal .
 sonicwall hackers have leaked personal information on the fbi  police officers  secret service and other federal e .
promises kept  day 1 plan from  realdonaldtrump s campaign         1  constitutional amendment for term limits on all m .
hackers have leaked personal information on the fbi  police officers  secret service and other federal employees af .
30 000 minimal wage  nigerian employees beg buhari to signal invoice    workers within the federal capital territory .
kamala harris gets pissed when cia director nominee won t answer questio     via  youtube .
 ilhan  dnomyar2912 to be fair  corporations do pay payroll taxes on top of their employees salary each pay period  .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion      .
 thenoahring and doesn t share or split it up with them  bernie is a multi millionaire and his medicare for all exc .
the current state of disciplinary actions  amp  federal employees .
 arappeport the consequence  they all get removed from their jobs since they are all federal employees  the law is .
job  federal way wa usa   senior accountant cpa required   due to company growth our federal way based co  due to c .
rt kimkomando  the fbi got hacked  the hack could put thousands of federal agents and government employees at risk  .
the fbi got hacked  the hack could put thousands of federal agents and government employees at risk  how did hacker .
 jhcannon5 hi jay  we re tagging  tsa  asktsa since they are a federal agency  the airport itself does not employ t .
 analyticalchic1 i d you think that is bad look at the public sector unions  all federal employees forced to join  .
 gop too bad none of those corps who paid  0 in federal taxes used the   they saved to give employees raises or bon .
.
 asad umar federal govt  employees having ms qualification are denied mphil allowance even when hec has declared bo .
per  stopandshop   it s offering to pay at least 92  of health premiums for family coverage and at least 88  for in .
per  stopandshop about its health care proposals to union workers     stop  amp  shop would pay at least 92  of health pr .
every employer is required to meet minimum federal workplace safety standards  participants will gain the knowledge .
gop on federal employees are veterans .
job  lees summit united states   sr project manager   scrum digital   geha is a leader in health services  geha is .
 markyoungtruth  kamalaharris i didnt realize teachers were federal employees .
the fg yesterday urged the federal high court in lagos to issue a bench warrant for innoson nigeria limiteds chair .
 leanna denbyyy  connieschultz  bcdreyer  kaitmarieox  berniesanders i ve also seen kaitlin s feed  she s into  dri .
 techreview i noticed similar problems lingering for over long periods       the white elephant in the room  many incom .
by danny bradbury a group of hackers that doxxed thousands of federal law enforcement employees last week has follo .
 kamalaharris dear senator harris    i love and fully support your stance and proposed bill to build better and stron .
a group of hackers that doxxed thousands of federal law enforcement employees last week has struck again   us feds .
us feds names  home and email addresses hacked and posted online  naked security  a group of hackers that doxxed .
the federal government has asked the federal high court sitting in lagos to issue a bench warrant for the arrest of .
us feds names  home and email addresses hacked and posted online a group of hackers that doxxed thousands of feder .
 federal immigration authorities arrested more than 280 employees of a texas company in what officials said was the .
  federal immigration authorities arrested more than 280 employees of a texas company in wha .
federal immigration authorities arrested more than 280 employees of a texas company in what officials said was the .
 eminem its a complicated existence   i found my culture within the phrase  federal employees  and from there i hav .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  ingrahamangle  seanhannity  snick12  potus  rep  chris stewart  utah republican  china .
the federal government has asked the federal high court sitting in lagos to issue a bench warrant for the arrest of .
federal government to arrest innoson boss andemployees  .
we pay federal taxes too  the only tax we can t pay is the individual tax cus  no representation  no taxation law  .
 hrcp87  munizaejahangir  forum asia  fidh en  rabail26  hrw  amnestysasia  s asian rights  icj org yes totally we .
 kphartz  hillaryclinton no   he  does not have access to tax returns  privacy laws prohibit that  besides  the vas .
 affordablerei  mike19461939  ilhanmn hey lady  the democrats were the ones that refused a measly  5 billion for bo .
 i will establish high tech universities in this fiscal year 2019 for every federal amp provincial employees of pakista .
 imrankhanpti  the honourable prime minister   1500 to 2000 daily wages worker in sngpl waiting for your executive or .
promulgated a gag order in the form of a secrecy classification guideline wnp 136 pdf   banning all federal agen .
the federal government monday urged the federal high court in lagos to issue a bench warrant for innoson nigeria li .
 debbieforfl  dwstweets  repdmp  donnashalala unbelievable  i guess these employees contracted to hhs don t mind br .
hey  potus   why is it the american people pay taxes to the federal govt to pay salaries to 400 000 irs employees t .
 kaivanshroff  jerilryan how many thousands of jobs did they provide that allowed people to pay federal  state  amp  ss .
 vogul1960  imrankhanpti  asad umar  nasimzehra  nadeemmalik  sherryrehman absolutely not  why pm should succumb to .
innoson the federal government monday urged the federal high court in lagos to issue a bench warrant for innoson ni .
 nursecindy1  andyostroy  kazweida  realdonaldtrump actually  they understand   just like federal employees were wi .
augmented code in ct scan  what medical solution for federal employees if people are getting to wired   fbi .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federal employees .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  please reinstate the unreimbursed employee expenses on the federal tax deductions a .
 lilmotherhooker  ntlsheresisted  katehanson  flyingenuity  bupshaw  owlfoxvt  vickie627  downeyangel  heidim 67 .
under corporate law its constitutionality is valid and corporations  corporate officers and employees of the federa .
 sce customers  amp  employees can save  2 5  3 5 on a  nissanelectric leaf  the rebate is on top of sces  1 000 c .
representatives for the pasco county school district and the united school employees of pasco are set to meet with .
included in this database are the estimated 23 million records of u s  federal employees  stolen by chinese hacker .
welcome to the new instagram page of the us postal service  the usps is the second largest federal agency in the us .
follow up from sasc hearing    reed and others said they would specifically challenge      setting  up a new civili .
 doctorow to this day i do not understand why they werent gunned down  i dont advocate violence  but this was ins .
they are paid by school districts and tey have a collective bargaining agreement  they are not federal employees  .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federal employees   .
 realdonaldtrump a hacker group stole law enforcement records    the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique r .
 kamalaharris senator  do you propose to make teachers federal employees    many teachers have authorized unions to .
 alaskarobotics  indivisibleanc  govdunleavy depends on how one defines the establishment  if you listen to him and .
 carlphx1  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters the family medical leave act of 1993  allowed p .
 barb hill those are the days federal employees get off   as a state employee in ma  i get those plus state holiday .
 gregoryellner  waltshaub  ericliptonnyt theyve made clear from day one they have no use for federal employees  th .
hackers expose thousands of personal records in fbi breach  here we go again  another day  another data breach  an .
 ed21 1  jalicata  cf18demo that s embarrassing for them       i can assure you that it s not       us federal government e .
she is beyond belief   it is a real toss up between her and kelly ann conway for the 2 worst federal employees   ma .
 berniesanders why is the federal government still subsidizing incentivizing corporations to provide health insurance to their employees .
 tomilahren  realdonaldtrump first  we have a thing called the hatch act  that bars federal employees from engaging .
sad but true         federal employees and retirees owe uncle sam  3 5billion in back taxes         however they re several .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes no meaningful legislation    you hear that federal employees and contractors   your job .
the trump administration has created fear  confusion  and resentment among federal employees  that s the goal  .
 jamesdenofrio  vaoawp part 1 of 2  practicing patience  federal employees with appeals forced to wait due to vacan .
 jamesdenofrio  vaoawp part 2 of 2  leaving hundreds  possibly thousands  of federal employees with pending appeals .
 va wb wife part i of ii  practicing patience  federal employees with appeals forced to wait due to vacant mspb   not .
 va wb wife part ii of i  in its 40 year history  leaving hundreds  possibly thousands  of federal employees with p .
pregnancy leave       pregnant employees are entitled to a leave of absence under federal and state laws  if you are ha .
 tannerstake except it should  quite a large number of federal employees applying for a clearance a required to giv .
 marcialdyson doj need to investigate why allegedly localities are reallocating state and federal school dollars  .
 tomilahren we are subsidizing the government  people who don t work    military  congress  all federal employees  and so on .
 janesinsane even more than not caring  theyre all in on it  if they have their way  theyll be arresting us for s .
the federal intelligence community is aiming to further diversify its workforce  and they want to be the hiring mo .
democrats in the senate introduced legislation this week that would provide federal employees paid time off if they .
she also notes that the very first bill  govlarryhogan signed was protections for marylands many federal employees .
amazon paid  0 in federal income taxes in the us for the 2018 year    twitch affiliates are contracted as independent .
 emeraldbulldog  kamalaharris nope  trump is my employees  all federal employees work for the citizens of this nati .
 whitegalvin  zebop  sunnysgrl62 i believe over age 72 you can work and earn as much as you want without any reduct .
 thedemocrats 90  of my tax clients paid less in federal income taxes this year as compared to last   and my busine .
 emeraldbulldog  kamalaharris all federal employees  including trump  fork over 10 years of history  this was the p .
 realdonaldtrump federal employees are dragging their feet processing imigrants .
 marthamaccallum   might you have mentioned the many millions of employees of corporations  sub contractors  goods .
 realdonaldtrump your wrong federal employees are the problem privatize .
 realdonaldtrump we just found out federal employees are responsible for dragging their feet processing immigrants  .
fact 8 passed continuous us presidents openly disclosed there personal tax returns    it s only a harassment if you h .
survey shows doj employees lack confidence in their leaders  integrityamericans should consider the dojs own lack .
interesting  central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27       harrisburg  pa .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federal employees   gt  .
i dont want more government employees aka federal judges  i want less illegal immigration   berniesanders  bernietownhall  foxnewstownhall.
 berniesanders why can t the rest of us have the same insurance as you and rest of federal employees .
 takomapark council  by contrast  federal employees and retirees in the dc area got a 1 8  cost of living adjustmen .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump i know this bothers you but significant federal employees are both dems  amp  reps wh .
 analilia mejia  kicranston better if every one had the same top tier insurance that federal employees have .
hundreds of law officer records posted by group of hackers    esc llc  hacker  hackers  police   the associated pre .
shoutout to all the federal employees that will soon receive their retroactive  to 6 jan 19   and will use that lum .
 foxnews  bretbaier  marthamaccallum    federal employees have geha for both medical and dental  they pay low co pa .
 each of us as individuals paid more in federal taxes than all these corporations together this is what welf .
 emeraldbulldog  kamalaharris actually they are my employees  i never said i worked for gsa or any federal agency  .
a  list of  ideas to reduce  governmentspending  among them  a committee dedicated to just that  give the  people a .
this isn t just for military members  a good resource for all federal employees participating in the thrift savings .
 emeraldbulldog  kamalaharris actually  my employees fork over a ten year history of his entire life to obtain fede .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion   federal news network .
 mitchellvii bill     has anyone stopped to ask how a young mayor of a town w  100k residents  amp  1 000 employees has t .
 senkamalaharris congress uses federal employees as pawns all the time   so what s the difference   both is wrong    .
 jkufta  ecgreaves  newsweek  aoc  ilhanmn there is no current federal bill  democrats have one in committee  but n .
 axlsgirl13 so they changed the tax tables over a year ago without changing the corresponding withholding  then the .
nice  but who d bet it will pass the senate without destructive amendments  and who d bet trump will sign it        .
 taxday now makes me physically ill as i help fund a government based entirely on incompetence and making life for .
 realdonaldtrump no   put them in northern virginia  where congressional members and federal employees live .
sc media   hackers publish information on fbi national academy         april 15  2019      hackers posted personal informat .
   vacations for federal employees  who will then solicit prostitutes  yes that s happened   advertising its own sh .
tune in and watch  jason s oh on  nbcnightlynews  16 25  as he talks about upcoming changes to  federal tax documen .
.
 realdonaldtrump we are counting on you   middle class is taxed high from federal and state why  without employees  there is no company .
the bureau of labor statistics reports average salaries ranging between  83k  103k for police chiefs  detectives an .
fg to court  order arrest of innoson boss  two staff      the federal government monday urged the federal high court in .
 chancerosaa she was really trying to drag this dude for paying his employees double the amount that congress  whic .
 niclizd  4therepublicguy  nerdgeof  kylekashuv .
.
state overtime rule could help workers   state could assure 120 000 employees left behind by federal rule get paid .
 caligalmags  petebuttigieg  chas10buttigieg  maddow i ve read her story  the whistleblower act covers all federal .
a contractor will close church street between 2nd and 3rd streets on 4 16 19 from 5 am to 4 pm to unload and instal .
 nickamin20  lifesafeast  davidfrum send their asses to jail for failing to do their jobs as a federal employees .
 tron friday  but i believe in qc and federal govnt employees take the monday  and not the fri .
 axlsgirl13  gop the gop failed to mention the administration directing omb to reduce federal employees withholdin .
 bomani jones see the affirmative action cases going through court systems  there are some additional cases brought .
 johncornyn so hire more cbp agents and give them  along with all federal employees  a pay raise .
 senategop the 60 fortune 500 companies that made  79 billion in profits while paying zero in taxes thanks you as b .
280 undocumented employees arrested    ice executes federal criminal search warrant in north texas .
 mirmakofficial  imrankhanpti sir baqi ka to pata nahin  ucgprojectthar  tharcoal  block05  thar  sindh ke employee .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion   federal news network .
 castlebergrace  davidfrum nope  that would violate us law  federal employees cannot represent someone in a case against the us government .
 broadcom s federal summit   missiontomodernize  is april 25th  if you haven t yet registered for this event in whi .
 whyamioffensive we care about safety  delivery drivers  whether employees of ours or of our franchisees  are requi .
 goc awards a contract to replace the exterior of les terrasses de la chaudire complex  the new exterior will pro .
 nowthisnews  repkatieporter personal circumstances dont determine the market value of a job  besides  patricias .
 repmattgaetz perhaps its because us military are federal employees and therefore us military benefits are a feder .
 seamushughes soo you didn t redact her name and her place of work and field are mentioned         you wanna   not dox .
congressman  china exploiting hacked data from 23 million federalemployees  .
this is long over due   johnboozman    tomcottonar  rep stevewomack your vote of in favor would help this    .
hackers publish info on fbi national academy alum  home  gt  security news hackers posted personal information on fbi  .
job opening at the  irs s for clerks  closes 04 25 2019  apply today on  usajobs  open to fe .
 ibm congratulations on doing what has been the law since 1965        september 24  1965   equal employment opportunity a .
senate democrats and reduce bill to give federal employees 12 week paid family leave  gop unlikely to support  .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion   federal news network .
 tron it is the friday my dood  federal employees get monday i believe.
a federal dc district court recently issued a decision vacating the white house office of management and budgets s .
 poppiesandthist  truefactsstated no  in fact  the white house fighting the release of trump tax return violates fe .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion    federalnewscast .
how to save money on a country s budget  for france for example  5 million federal employees  build all services on .
if you wouldn t tolerate  drunk employees posing a  safety  risk  you shouldn t allow fatigued employees to pose a .
 topherspiro largest federal tax break  gone yet        premiums that employers pay for their employees healthcare are .
 exjon if only veterans had unions  amp  lobbyists as powerful as the ones representing federal employees .
 huskergal13  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump have congress produce theirs  lets see how all these federal employe .
 fahy co thats what makes 232 interesting  in that it is really hard for lobbyist to payoff federal employees  lot .
 blog  virtual reality prepares federal employees for workforce realities  while some manual jobs will be  taken ov .
new filings required by the federal government show top executives at 12 of michigans largest publicly traded comp .
opinion   this 99 year old federal law is stifling jobs and shifting higher costs to consumers .
im a big fan of  markarkleiman  but worry less than he about states telling employees to violate federal law by se .
 realdonaldtrump how r u getting around the hatch act  just f  k the law        federal employees cannot perform partis .
if you want to change something it should be changing how big money  amp  lobbyists influence congress       not their reti .
people should compare last years tax bill and this years tax bill  they will see they are paying less federal taxes .
 johnineson it will take many federal employees to decrypt and read every  suspicious  message of an entire country .
as an employer  i d be reticent to be first in moving employees off of private coverage to a federal program  only .
 sergiomarbel  benjaminzack  pbs  wpln its rhetorical because i know you wont   pbs  wpln employees leaders know .
 abortionlaws  its better they go to a federal funded clinic than to a private tech  funded facility or a black mar .
 jeff37409119  iam dale05  realdonaldtrump donald trump only loves himself  he betrayed his own intelligence servic .
 senatemajldr now vote on a bill to enforce the payment of  3 billion in back taxes owed by federal employees  no p .
 hillaryclinton federal employees who refuse to turn over tax documents at the behest of congress  shall pay a fine .
 realdonaldtrump so give the federal employees a raise .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion   federal news network .
 whitehouse  whitehousecea go after the  3 billion in back taxes owed by employed federal employees  how many polic .
the federal government is the nations largest employer  yet federal employees are among the millions of workers wh .
 abrashashapirus  kevinrothrock didn t you think that all university teachers and lecturers that are eligible to ap .
 ewarren how much did their 500k  employees pay in federal income tax .
booz allen  caci  mission essential personnel move to dismiss claims that  no poach  agreements violated  antitrust .
  senschumer said  friendlys abrupt layoff of  375 employees in upstate ny was unfair and is asking state and fed .
 realdonaldtrump  mr president the key to the tax cut for this coming year is that employees know they have to make .
senate bill would give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave .
why is easter not a federal holiday    congress can only designate holidays for government offices and employees  the .
  senschumer calls for an investigation into whether  friendlys abrupt layoffs of  375 employees in upstate ny .
 mondaymotivation  it s time to arrest sec  menuchin  the irs commissioner  and donald trump himself   warrants for .
 whitehouse but you want to cut federal employees retirement and benefits and freeze all pay raises  that s over 80 .
 madisonsiriusxm joe  corporations do pay taxes  they are called income tax  they pay the part of employees fica an .
 thatsjhendricks contractor doing intelligence analysis for a federal agency  they are not fed employees .
find all your hr resources here  federal w 4  i 9  new employee forms   and more      hr  employees.
new working paper  the growth of public employees  salaries and benefits  1998 2017  andrew g  biggs   american ent .
 realdonaldtrump  getting nothing done   says the potus who shut the government down for 35 days  and wants to shut .
top trump officials are about to get a  10k raise while federal employees work without pay during the shutdown   vi .
70  of coloradans had a reduction in their taxes thanks to federal tax cuts  amp  major colorado employers increased wa .
 dmitrimehlhorn  ms brizzle  notcapnamerica please  kamala s experience and qualifications far exceed beto s  not e .
welcome all attendees to the chapter 108 of the national active  amp  retired federal employees 63rd annual meeting  t .
i was informed that including federal funds  the costs per child  per school year is just over  15k per year        giv .
 joshuagreen  randyresist truthfully  part of federal employees health benefit program and want it left alone .
omg  the federal government is hired by the states   the employees cant change the operating contract  aka the con .
its tax day  we have employed federal employees that owe about  3 billion in back taxes  why arent they fired or .
 benbrengman  housegop  waysandmeansgop  repkevinbrady employees work for those benefits     those aren t federal inc .
the federal income tax should be eliminated  government programs  agencies  employees and spending reduced to 1 2   .
 mgc0083  robreiner last week  trump told federal employees to ignore the rulings of judges       we do not live in a m .
the credit union was chartered in 1956 under the name cyclops titusville federal credit union  it was organized to .
strip away the benefits from all federal employees  yup  that s the way to build loyalty  .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion   federal news network .
good morning  here s monday s  federalnewscast       .
bill to give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave now has senate companion .
senate bill would give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave   senbrianschatz  federalemployees   fedsmith.
 tyler t moran the obstacle is the constitution and laws of the united states   not federal employees .
this is because the irs processing center for those places is in massachusetts  where federal employees briefly rec .
 andrewyang a thank you video from federal employees    gross .
rt scotusblog  rt ahoweblogger   scotus does not act on indiana abortion  federal employment protection for lgbtq e .
a contractor injured when chemicals spilled on him at a louisiana  valeroenergy oil refinery in may 2018 cant sue .
 scotus does not act on indiana abortion  federal employment protection for lgbtq employees  or petition for review .
i m not surprised  irs is extremely strict about accessing records  does everything they can to log access and usag .
 realdonaldtrump and you should stop inciting hatred throughout this nation   you are the one  with your white nati .
 yegrembenti which position you working   or you  blinded by his stupid  medemer   8 8 milion ppl need aid  asap  b .
 hboulware dis enchanted  former catholic  anti american  terrorist who murdered kids and federal employees       better .
 cathmckenna  penottawa  torontostar barbie forgot to mention how much it will cost to implement your federal rebate  more fed gov employees.
interesting enough  republicans in congress revived a response to this nonsense  pay certain federal employees  1 s .
the author writes   we cannot sustain ourselves without a public sector workforce  but an increasingly bloated clas .
excited to be in training today with the canadian foreign service institute  learning how to manage employees withi .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx then lead  congress to pass a bill that makes former federal employees from .
 blog  virtual reality prepares federal employees for workforce realities  while some manual jobs will be  taken ov .
 thenoahring we have to pay the 9 000 000 federal employees .
 qurat cheema madam i want to send u a letter  plz read and hilight that all federal employees of big cities must g .
employees are responsible for at least 50  of the federal  cyber incidents each year  learn about the types of empl .
h r  1534  would provide federal employees paid time off if they need to care for themselves or family members   .
 plantlady293  ruthieredsox all of congress  the president  his staff  all federal employees contribute to bothmedicare and social security .
7  3 1 billion on vacation for federal employees placed on administrative leave.
employees retirement system of texas cut holding in simon ppty group new  spg by  801 600 as valuation declined  as .
 jackmer72409003  twitliberal  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump respect has to be shown before it can be recieved y .
 12 weeks paid family leave for federal employees proposed in new senate bill .
 senkamalaharris he used federal employees as politica pawns  why not use the refugees too .
all employees have fundamental workplace rights which are often governed by federal and state laws  lawyer  law .
amazon  amp  netflix paid 0 in federal taxes  how much did you pay  how much increase in wages did amazon employees see .
 rving america  dyankane2  jeffhmorse  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  ilhan so you hate our military and police an .
walmart must pay  6 1 million to a class of employees for not providing meal breaks when it required workers to go .
banks borrow at the discount window when they are experiencing short term liquidity shortfalls and need a quick cas .
it s tax day  in 2018  our employees collectively paid  via tax withholdings from their paychecks  a total of      1  .
 kamalaharris our taxes are too high   cut spending  reduce the number of federal employees and leave us alone   we don t need you .
as a union president official   nteunews supports advocates for democrats  republicans  independences  etc all gs f .
 zameenproperty is membership open now for federal govt employees .
icymi  at the end of december  trump canceled 2019 pay raises for 2 000 000 federal employees .
 aol then it should be ok to ask federal and state employees to speak another language because our constitution doe .
 larrywilson  koreykruse  gtconway3d  kellyannepolls i mean why you expecting george to divorce his wife but not ho .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx and   at least former employees of obama administration are getting fantast .
 mymmeli8  stevenwc   slight9  boilingbutter  hufco60  ajah1551  bearingtruth  auntieamy90  ballistic xlr .
7 eleven inc  cannot compel employees who brought a proposed class action over unpaid wages to divulge their person .
 kristinbtate  realdonaldtrump    cut     cut    cut    there are so many idle  unproductive   system abuse federal employees .
media  tweaking a few political appointees is no answer to the deep state  stop pretending a bureaucracy packed ove .
we see the same blacklisting in government  the federal civil service is 90 percent democrat  justice department em .
 roymmalik  bbhuttozardari  imrankhanpti  asad umar  qamarzkaira  senrehmanmalik  mustafa ppp  waseembadami .
 drmom247  jillwinebanks yes   according to what  lawrence shared last week  anybody   federal employees  who obstr .
 gt staffing your gas station with  employees   who are subject to federal labor regulations and taxes and can strike .
davita is facing 39 federal lawsuits from current and former colorado employees who claim they re owed money for unpaid wages and overtime .
 tired terry  lgeorge designs  wmerthon  distinct words  roccosmom4  breakthyme  armywife4now  chillestmike .
 tsa why do we get tsa locks  but the agents arent able to use the key to open the lock  oh and you of course aren .
 waffles8890  frivoiousrbx  thestrattonman  theverzai  presidentfrosty actually             that s not quite so acc .
 heathmayo he increased the debt by decreasing revenue  not by increasing government spending  increasing tariffs i .
 blackhawk576  themattydog  billpeduto yeah about that  so not disclosing funding projects in foreign lands  tellin .
 judicialwatch does this waiting game of indicting dems  doj folks  fbi  cia  scattered federal government employee .
 lrihendry um  police are not federal employees  they got paid .
 the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police .
 steve mutch  chrismurphyct damn  nearly 8 months later         but really  any laid off federal employees just means m .
 cyclune  soulkhan  zxlkho  neeratanden  mattyglesias let me explain it for you another way  the whistleblower prot .
 olit123  cnn people living on the streets increased  crimes by them increased  needles on the street etc   decrimi .
if it s really a national emergency  we d be smart to not give control over to a paramilitary segment of federal em .
soooooooo we calling trump a wannabe dictator yet or nah  also  when a president tells federal employees to commit .
a 75  cut would mean 2 250 000 federal employees left       that s still 2 151 229 more than all of megacorp google s e .
see those are the federal employees that get effected the most when the government shuts down     findingjusticebet.
 camellia alexan  ditatorj  ilhan i ve looked at quite a bit of  evidence  over the years  much of it conflicting  .
 greta id be more impressed if she passed a bill to make it mandatory that federal employees pay their income taxe .
 castastrophee the reason both being employees even mattered for fmla is that is how the min req for the federal la .
 marthamaccallum does his new health care plan include congress  senate and all federal employees.
 parkskmbz there are a lot of self employed people in this country  which means a lot of people would understand hi .
us senators introduce legislation allowing federal employees to divest from fossil fuels   .
 reganlieutenant  rickwtyler  petebuttigieg lol  you re not referring to ted cruz as  conservative    are you  seri .
the obama admin told caseworkers if they spoke to the press  they would be committing  a federal offense  so obama .
this is what the trump administration is all about  the general populations standard of living does not matter  to .
 rokhanna would that also apply to federal employees .
 brandt7chevy ive   sent letters to the big five banks   head offices also and called them    please tell   ive got 18 yout .
 uphonic ive   sent letters to the big five banks   head offices also and called them    please tell   ive got 18 youtube v .
 actifypress  eshalegal  delmoi  apeirophobic how do employees working for private companies under contract build w .
i am a procrastinator thus waited until the last minute to discover i owe over  3 000 more in federal tax than last .
never thought i see the day when the president would instruct federal employees to break the law and promise a pard .
 angelicprado  dickdavidson3  ealight461 i live in nebraska   most definitely red  i owed  2000 last year and this .
the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police  .
 jodotcom technically national guardsmen are employees of the state     california is therefore bound by its own laws .
the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police  .
 presssec  confiscates   really going for the scare factor  even as trump  who is actually confiscating our healthc .
return of reds under the bed   do federal employees and contractors with security clearances regularly discuss inte .
 nytopinion we have these neat federal employees called  auditors   if you think they re not doing their jobs  make .
 alyssa milano i own a small business and we made 48 8k each in profit between me and my partner  i have 5 employee .
 aoc not surprising when most employers pay their employees under the federal poverty level  get massive tax cuts a .
 kazweida it s not like we have any federal employees that understand tax laws and could explain them to congress   right .
 accuweather a federal investigation found severe and pervasive sexual harassment of female employees at accuweat .
 accuweather a federal investigation found severe and pervasive sexual harassment of female employees at accuweat .
 cher veterans are were federal employees  talk to the president about what he s doing to ensure their care .
 marthamaccallum will we get free healthcare   because i am on medicare as my secondary insurance  and i pay for it .
 mediacellppp  bbhuttozardari in 2012  the pakistan people s party government has regularized all federal daily wag .
 repjeffries please release your personal and business taxes  every member of congress and all federal employees sh .
 thecurrentpk  bbhuttozardari  aseefabz  bakhtawarbz  mediacellppp in 2012  the pakistan people s party government .
 vfernandez596 i know pr federal employees pay usa taxes  its still a spit   why we have federal employees on that s hole is beyond me .
20  of our employers are federal employees that pay fed tax  you want to  about us not being able to pay that only .
 2ndfor1st  kaitmarieox  berniesanders remember the breadlines when federal employees stopped getting paid for a month .
 doctorjonpaul  realblakewatson federal employees make less than 16 50  even with a college degree gs positions are .
 sianoresist no  a federal judge ruled male only selective service unconstitutional        he wont though  too much   .
moving back to st pete  if any of you know of any it job openings let me know         i have a c .
moving back to st pete  if any of you know of any it job openings let me know         i have a c .
how many of you pay taxes to these companies       sales tax      federal excise tax       did they lower prices    give e .
 neilwmccabe2 term limits for elected officials  career term limits for federal employees  just like the armed forc .
mr  waseem hayat bajwa   director general    federal government employees housing foundation   islamabad   assumed charge o .
using federal employees on a federal website to advocate campaign issues is a violation of the hatch act  of course .
did yall know not federal nor  georgia law entitle employees to breaks of any kind after working any number of hou .
 joncoopertweets frump doesnt collect his salary of  400k per annum  i wouldn t either if i could take 242 days of .
 politico  ericswalwell time to stop protecting senate congress members who throw out baseless accusations  bring a .
 neonoto4  dpayton2  neeratanden its from the wikileaks dump  this is why the stooges in dc don t want you to read .
 reduction of federal employees  i m fine with   this is just efficiency and if we can reduce costs one place  it a .
sarah sanders  lawmakers not  smart enough  to read trump s tax returns  blowfish  did you k .
a federal investigation found severe and pervasive sexual harassment of female employees at accuweather while the .
the president nominated ex accuweather ceo barry myers to head the national oceanic and atmospheric administration  .
 thaximan  sruhle  nytimes who is benefiting from them not paying taxes   shareholders  employees  community  them .
good news  glad to see the federal government is starting to practice what they preach  by encouraging more .
hackers steal data on u s  police and federal services employees   112 international .
all federal employees at a managerial level or law enforcement agents are instructed to take personal notes on unus .
for the next 5 years  the rural and northern immigration pilot will be focused on strategically attracting highly s .
all employees  federal government in tuscaloosa  al  msa  .
i posted about this last night  they also released into about employees of boulder and jefferson county officials   .
              special articles 5 9 17 20 25 28 29 35 199   1 federal employees bene .
 kdawggk  hillreporter that s right  my company was in the process of converting it s salaried employees to hourly .
 hopeatlorg this place is absolutely terrible  they take ssvf  federal grant  money but they do not help veterans  .
ho sakta tha mara idea wrong ho  but may or june kay budget ma pakistani public kay buhat zydah relief or surprised .
 realdonaldtrump similarlly the recent shutdown  despite your best intentions  injured the economy even though at t .
the act bars federal employees from spending congressionally appropriated funds on anything other than what is auth .
the woman in her example makes over twice the federal minimum wage  amp  has only one child    amp  its still impossible f .
 funder  lydiad1957 who are you kidding    the federal govt is the best customer of trump properties    where else can .
 wendyj1234  debiirwin tansgender ban in the military    reversing discrimination against transgender    saying its le .
 wendyj1234 tansgender ban    reversing discrimination against transgender    saying its legal under federal law to fi .
 mummahlee  martina a sanctuary city in short follows this rule  the sanctuary ordinance generally prohibits cit .
the trump administration has created fear  confusion  and resentment among federal employees  that s the goal  .
 greta sorry but i really dont care about a state or federal employees tax returns  nor should anyone else  the ta .
 pfiec odd that youre assuming only democrats live in sanctuary cities  similar to trump thinking all federal empl .
 dbongino so do all the slithery  slimy  spying  deep state slugs  former  amp  currently federal employees  amp  politicians .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump  president  trump had once again one more disastrous week filled with lies  division  .
 greta why  isn t that personal information  between taxpayers and irs  politicians already make detailed financial .
hey now   three  3  years ago  president j david cox sr     standing up for the rights of federal employees  give em .
 tedwellsmustach right it s so beneath them all of them  these corporate kings and their fifedoms  wall street bonu .
 honeybladger  unsuckdcmetro seeing visitors  lobbyists  and business people from all 50 states use the dc metro sy .
 marthamaccallum ask him how many doctors will remain practicing medicine once they ve been reduced to a glorified .
 newtonmarunner  govinslee true  but keep in mind that employees arent eligible for federal subsidies if their emp .
what abuse of power looks like  top trump officials are about to get a  10k raise while federal employees work with .
 tomfitton  realdonaldtrump the worst part of what is called  spygate is the federal employees hired in the clinton .
a federal investigation found severe and pervasive sexual harassment of female employees at accuweather while the .
 realdonaldtrump man how ripped on blow does one have to be to cobble together a sentence like that  are federal em .
their are great responsibilities are nab s shoulders because of nab s employees are federal government level  amp  prov .
 sandralhanlon congress needs to have kn testify under oath  shes got no reason to lie for trump now  asking feder .
the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police  .
 teaboots group of hackers upload personal data of us federal agents online       the hacker claimed to have over a mi .
 jonnygeller this snarky attitude  amp  complete lack of understanding of the effects of federal  amp  state  especially ca .
report finds pervasive sex harassment at company run by trump nominee for noaa      a federal investigation found  .
 92stag  realdonaldtrump what was the compromise offered by the gop  eventually the agreed funding was equivalent t .
   looks like the payments to trump properties for federal employees has been quieted .
 rayaberle  chrismurphyct fuck federal employees  theres way too many of them as it is.
position open  pliable leader sought for large  dysfunctional federal department  must manage 240 000 unhappy emplo .
homeland security secretary  the worst job in washington      position open  pliable leader sought for large  dysfuncti .
homeland security secretary  the worst job in washington  position open  pliable leader sought for large  dysfuncti .
 govevents blog  virtual reality prepares federal employees for workforce realities  while some manual jobs will be .
 lynsey keeley  dave38947965  guardian that law doesnt state any president has to release their taxes  that law is .
 edkrassen  donnenhoffer1 ndas do not apply to federal employees  the courts have also said that those first amendm .
investigation finds  pervasive  sex harassment at company run by trump nominee for noaa    .
investigation finds  pervasive  sex harassment at company run by trump nominee for noaa       a federal investigation f .
 news  central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27       harrisburg  pa .
 cspranklerunfan  donderoen  wizardneck2112  mitchellvii indeed       the truly sad thing  however  is that it wasnt a .
medical billing workers can work for  medicareforall as federal employees with full benefits and a union  instead o .
 yamatoejam  briebriejoy  yesthatcarlo  berniesanders i ve thought about that  a friend used to do medical billing  .
hackers steal data on federal employees   again   .
the  sanctuary ordinance generally prohibits city employees from using city funds or resources to assist immigratio .
 krassenstein too bad people dont get or care that rettig and mnuchin broke not just the tax law stating they sha .
 hirscha8720 haha like she gives a fuck about federal employees  she has to keep from smiling while saying it    ty .
 realdonaldtrump state law enforcement should just arrest the federal employees bringing them over   sounds good .
 thescottmac  anotherstam  surrogatum  thegentyyc that chart includes federal employees .
 nevadajack2  xrey1 i think this should be made public for all federal employees and politicans legislators before .
 clayranck nope  the president  federal senators and congressman are employees only for the purpose of taxation  on .
 ivankatrump also  why are border patrol agents the only federal employees who are not allowed to get overtime   my .
 trump and when j gonna change the law of overtime for border patrol agents   did u know they are the only federal .
perhaps  but the hundreds of thousands of their employees did  and congress sucked up and spent those taxes as fast .
 marthamaccallum regarding his medicare for all  what does  for all  really mean  will all federal elected official .
 aholddelhaize companies making a profit at the expense of it s employees and customers in our country extorting th .
the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police  .
hackers posted personnel information of hundreds of federal agents and police officers online .
trumps willing 2 support fossil fuel industry asbestos prodn reducing protected federal lands  etc  theres no e .
 realdonaldtrump 1st  it s in violation of the hatch act which prohibits fed employees from performing political ac .
federal employees by state .
 jefflectric  ucsusa  senstabenow  senalexander  senatorcollins  sengarypeters  repdankildee  senrobportman .
this is as close to an impeachable act as we seen so far  if he attempts to direct federal employees to carry out h .
 joshtpm you may be thinking of the federal acquisition regulations  whereas the hatch act is focused on the conduc .
 tdanevirke  benzie55  pork nocker  nothotsince97  celeblipstick  oohlalarouge1  sweetpe14687243  crownofsapphire .
hackers stole personal data of hundreds of thousands of individuals affiliated with the fbi national academy associ .
the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police  .
 wcain404  cnn why small businesses have to pay high taxes while corporations pay 0  in federal taxes and making bi .
 realdonaldtrump never forget that the institutions you are attempting to destroy are more robust than the diseased .
 drrjkavanagh you know what hurts employees more  a massive corporation  squatting in their city county state  payi .
 suevee85  truthonly37  newslycaness19  ms trutalk  therealzanetta  sascat  kerirn  kevinmcgil  itsalinajo .
the question  dnc  tedlieu is what congress going to do about it if trump  amp  mnuchin tell congress to pack sand       i .
 hackers posted personnel information of hundreds of federal agents and police officers online    more than 1 000 uni .
 kalaax008  truthonly37  newslycaness19  ms trutalk  therealzanetta  sascat  kerirn  kevinmcgil  itsalinajo .
bay county school is looking at laying off 600 employees because of hurricane michael and lack of response from the .
 hartsteinfeld  skipthedishes gotta be run by ex federal employees .
 redneckupcycle federal hired employees or self righteous bastard to believe that the government should go and ever .
 hillreporter  krassenstein this is a complete lie   why don t you read the federal and state laws regarding employ .
either people should be able to enroll in the health care plan available to federal and state employees or the coun .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  nbcnews your man offered federal employees a bribe in the form of pardons to do an ille .
new  according to a spokesperson for  stopandshop  contract negotiations between the company  amp  union representing s .
 repjerrynadler chairman nadler  i respectfully ask you to open impeachment hearings based on news reports that tru .
 realdonaldtrump time to open impeachment hearings  we simply cannot have a potus who pressures federal employees t .
trump is feeling emboldened   vindicated he claims and nothing to contradict   mueller report buried   orders feder .
 barrett506  markmywords67  sarahkendzior  andreachalupa  gaslitnation the events of this past week have completely .
 realdonaldtrump in addition to your impeachable offenses of pushing federal employees to break the law  you have f .
a hacker group stole law enforcement records    the associated press counted at least 1 400 unique records of employe .
 realdonaldtrump only a matter of time before house juidiciary committee rightfully opens impeachment hearings over .
 michelletypoq  paulbruce ouch  britl  edmontonjournal in the last week of the federal camaign in 2015 the ej ran a .
 dbongino it is time to stop protecting   senate congress members who throw out baseless accusations  amp  threats  bring .
remember the first of 2019  trump shut down the government  refusing to pay federal workers for over two months  ou .
 jrubinblogger oh gee  i kind of wondered if it was unlawful for the potus to offer federal employees pardons as en .
labourstart  usa   federal civilian employees will not be getting their pay raise this week  .
 craigrsawyer it s freaking sad  as much as i hate to say we certain federal employees bring coke  meth  pot  heroi .
 clotoe  zxlkho  neeratanden  mattyglesias let me explain it for you another way  the whistleblower protection act .
   and teddy baby was the  leader of the pack  that initiated the oct  1 17 2013 total federal shutdown costing the .
 today we say to walmart  and to mcdonald s    stop paying your employees starvation wages  yes  we are going to ra .
 today we say to walmart  and to mcdonald s    stop paying your employees starvation wages  yes  we are going to ra .
the hacker claimed to have over a million data  sic  on employees across several u s  federal agencies and public .
legislation introduced to target tax delinquent federal employees    .
let s post every federal employees tax return  if something is fishy  let us see it  enough of this b s  we pay the .
 marks760  cnn its out there  just hard to notice with all of trumps cronies getting indicted  his cabinet members .
 akifjustonline honestly very pleased to hear this  there is a saying  gov employees take wages for hazri  punch in .
 johncornyn senator  if trump tells federal employees to break laws  what will you do  if trump tells federal emplo .
 vincegottalotta  coachlarrystump  marklutchman they may be able to sign up for emergency benefits  to which they a .
 msnbc  lawrence as long as employers follow minimum wage set for their state  pay their share for each employees .
sounds good  the crystal clear language of this law applies to  trump acting white house chief of staff mick .
 hirscha8720 trump has made his point clear on the topic of climate change  pulling out of the paris climate accord .
hacker group publish personal data on at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capito .
 crockettgordon  business  bopinion well there s so much wrong in that statement  federal employees are paid bi wee .
 jolisa danielle  stephaniedawn69  alyssa milano puerto rico has many mayors  not just one  the guy arrested was fr .
 italianmom555  jpmorgan large corporations offer their employees typically free education in the discipline associ .
 nowthisnews racism the reason why the anti islamic rhetoric has increased by federal employees such as president t .
 evanmcmullin yes  and principled federal employees are resigning and refusing to serve under the trump regime  eve .
could this be the beginning of the end for use or lose         federal  government  publicservice  fedlife      .
this is what happens when you write all your posts for government employees and one of your blog followers posts on .
we are hiring student employees  no federal work study award required    ufhousing  join ufit  complete the stude .
 meanlin1  2111015 us office of personnel management oversees the ses  the ses is made up of federal employees who .
 tedlieu  ethanbearman  realdonaldtrump why do you get to tell state employees to break federal law  hypocrisy no .
 will lv76  timrandosaurus  cege7480  steph93065  krhoades99  realdonaldtrump we are so overpopulated our resources .
personal data of 4 000 us police officers and federal agents leaked   the hacker claimed to have over a million da .
 lasteve423 when you here him offering ice agents pardons it makes you wonder what he offers other federal employee .
 msnbc trump has no say   reprichardneal if irs  amp  mnuchin refuse to follow the law  amp  provide you trump taxes then r .
 business  bopinion remember when federal employees didn t get paychecks over the holidays for a total of 35 days  .
telling federal employees to violate the law and if caught and prosecuted he will pardon them i believe is a crime .
 repadamschiff also  dont federal employees have a duty to report inducements and bribes       isnt everyone in that ro .
sanctuary states sanctuary cities close all federal offices furlough all federal employees pull all federal law enf .
 maxrose4ny hard to believe an american president encourages federal employees to knowingly break the law and our r .
 kamalaharris  ilhanmn yes  we must impeach trump  we must subpoena republicans  arrest them if they don t comply  .
 diamondandsilk sisters remember what your moma told you when a wheel squeaks pour on the oil the most vocal  l .
interested in serving on the lone star state incident management team  visit  to learn more .
this article centers the interpreter  why not just profile the awesome designer  and no cookies for amazon and thei .
hackers in ukraine breached at least 1 400 unique records of employees of the fbi  secret service  capital police  .
 speakerpelosi with respect madame speaker  it s time to subpoena  arrest those who fail to comply  remove federal .
 davidgaliel  propornot the hackers claimed that they had hacked into the personal data files of employees from fed .
the trump administration has created fear  confusion  and resentment among federal employees  that s the goal  .
 project veritas it s a great way to shut him up  didn t irs do this to other conservatives in the past  good thing .
 zyrofoxtrot crazy nancy   look at the job opportunities hire more federal employees  to get them welfare  medicare .
somebody better get the  nytimes employees some chairs   this is going to rock their world       of course  some progre .
 zackwhittaker  malcolmnance i disagree with targeting law enforcement   these people are employees of the federal .
    60 profitable fortune 500 companies paid no taxes on a total of  79 billion of profits earned in 2018        for th .
 realjameswoods awesome    her welfare office will be hiring more federal employees   police officers .
 maddow hey america all federal employees take notes  and i mean all from lowest 5 to the highest gs 15 to the seni .
i cannot stress enough how dangerous this is       lives of people will be in danger theoretically after this  the peop .
 charliekirk11  tedlieu you should be brought up on charges     thejusticedept  speakerpelosi    bring an end to  super .
2 2 i think what you will find is that employees and administrators at housing authorities work there because they .
 codeofvets because we know the va officials who are supposed to be the caring ones really don t care  there are a .
 nprpolitics good  now  from the president to mnumchin  all are subject to irs law as federal employees .
arrests or convictions  because many of the investigations are still open and judges frequently seal the warrants  .
 feisty fl  briangreenburg  yeahunoeme  realeftypickit  debiowens  hughback1201  randu mb but  by law  members of c .
 tribelaw from watching hearings they can also take a federal employees retirement or part of it for violations but .
 mom49of3  zackwhittaker  repadamschiff  housedemocrats yeah lets not forget all of the times the obama administra .
trump publicly told federal employees this week that they would be pardoned if they carried out his illegal policie .
 jtlol  brianstelter  litalianovero  foxnews familial relationships between media and government employees  is noth .
 b6sgt  skylaser3  speakerpelosi  stevenmnuchin1 since trump swallowers are too stupid to look stuff up  it is 26 u .
 tomilahren spoiler   trump is openly requesting that radical maga folks   including some federal employees  willi .
the tool will be  a mechanism that rapidly enables an individual to match their skills and interests to current and .
 martincooper222  fiski70  avenueminga  downeyballs  luma923  soulkiss15  fawfulfan  mmelgar09  plasticdoe .
the tool will be  a mechanism that rapidly enables an individual to match their skills and interests to current and .
hackers publish personal data of thousands of federal employees  update the security on your website people  outdat .
 tribelaw  dickallen3 it doesn t have to be  carried out  to be impeachable  trump tried tries to break the law thr .
 carolyn bennett con t as well  you have over 4000 federal employees working on behalf of this population  there ar .
the president encouraging federal employees to break the law  .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump then please impeach donald for already having told federal employees to violate the law a .
 cfwns443  thehill  krisketzkmbc why not just release them   federal employees have to do it in order to get cleara .
 msnbc  maddowblog federal employees under investigation should not be allowed to retire until they are cleared by .
this is funny  read and laugh       then reread the questions seriously as this is the actual gop agenda       one is  susp .
 realdonaldtrump duh maybe to get at the truth of your possible crimes against the united states   more to the poin .
 marthamaccallum question for bernie  bernie your medicare for all will include congress and their aides  federal e .
hackers posted spreadsheets with information of employees of the fbi  secret service  capitol police and other fede .
 politico because all executive level federal employees have to show them because it s good civic leadership to sho .
 lurbaniste these federal employees are downtown already  just shifting between buildings  still  should liven up a .
agencies will increase the impact of artificial intelligence tools if they deploy them responsibly and train employ .
another customer in  latinamerica  caixa econmica federal is using  bots on microsoft  azure to improve customer e .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews the sources were federal employees who heard you say it   it will be part of you getting .
hackers publish personal data on thousands of us police officers and federal agents  claimed to have over a millio .
 kiteie  mcmichaelgail your timeline is off  historical and international level corruption and or allegations over .
please heed the advice from mr  shaub  executive branch and federal employees america is counting on you to defend .
 quincylovesbbws not sure where the federal employees are overpaid started  but average for what i do private secto .
remember when obama suggested federal employees get rough then offered to pardon them  when obamas ag lied to th .
 michaeljknowles they are training up our future neighbors  fellow employees  and policy makers  dont reward this .
 krassenstein  enochmorris encouraging federal employees to commit crimes while promising them if they get caught t .
 melissajpeltier  jaketappers story of trump encouraging federal employees to break the law seems to be a new leve .
 michaelboldin no justification for extraditing an australian who published truth and proof showing us gvt military .
 senbobcasey we have enough federal  amp  state laws to protect employees  don t need unions .
the hacker claimed to have over a million data  sic  on employees across several u s  federal agencies and public service organizations .
the checks and balances are failing  the american president told federal employees to break the law  and promised .
dear shehyar afridi sahib is a member of the dakhlekat    i m abdur rahman shah from g10   4 federal government emplo .
trump encourages federal employees to break the law when it suits him  rt trump urged homeland security official to .
 realdonaldtrump   dude  you can t tell federal employees to violate the law and then say you will issue a pardon  .
 foolishvirtual are these federal rules laws  i really need to learn up on labor laws and the sort  ot pay would be .
 longhornleah       longhornleah      more   replying to  deadlinewh  nicolledwallace    hes now dangling pardons to federal e .
wow  trump tells federal employees  just break the law at my behest and i will pardon you later       can we say abuse .
 jim80876  hackneyabbott yes  defense contractors of blackwater  who oversaw these crimes  went to court and were c .
the hacker claimed to have over a million data  sic  on employees across several u s  federal agencies and publi .
 maximebernier youre comparing the cra with the broken irs system   keep in mind the cra is federal and provincial .
 repbonnie  speakerpelosi impeachment hearings  if you plan on having a third 100 days  trump is rapidly eroding th .
 tammariablue  alyssa milano ppl tweet about assassinating trump everyday       ilhan  amp  213 dems voted against paying f .
 realdonaldtrump ever hear of the    doing so would violate it .
 whoever check the results for yourself      01 23 19 results of the vote to pay federal employees during shutdown .
ilhan omar   amp  crew  voted against paying the federal employees during the gov shutdown    they blamed trump  amp  gop but .
 whoever you don t know what you re talking about    people tweet about assassinating trump everyday     did you know i .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews sorry  your cbp personnel were the ones who gave the story  when you try to get federal e .
attacking the us in many ways  making it personal for federal employees would warrant immediate  serious  sustained .
 belovedbless  ilhanomar voted against paying federal employees during the gov shutdown    she got in front of every .
 lurbaniste also  isn t that just a move for downtown federal employees  or are they expanding the passport office  .
 itsfatimag  angelj ortega  candicebenbow  vincestaples not the lapd  they are state or federal employees .
 laf3mm3nikita i m so tired of this weaponisation of private data  hacking is a mega problem and now thousands of f .
 jrubinblogger  feasterfamine 1  it does seem to clearly violate the president s oath of office   take care that th .
 aotakeboys  inkfacefahz disgruntled federal employees i guess smh.
 repadamschiff  shmarya please take swift and decisive action  trump cannot order federal employees to break our la .
 repjerrynadler i thought  potus was talking about pardoning federal employees who break the law .
we are aware of a scam targeting our community  scammers  spoof  their phone number to the us district court in .
 realdonaldtrump wow  you encouraged federal employees to break the law  what you want to do is illegal and cant b .
there is a law requiring every federal employee who touches the tax system to do their duty or be removed from of .
 gop  realdonaldtrump the gop has aligned itself with a malignant narcissist who fawns over dictators of hostile fo .
 berniesanders every one of their 10s of thousands of employees paid federal income tax  you miserable lying old fa .
 realdonaldtrump you mean the system you told border agents to ignore  the system comprised of laws that you direct .
dear     realdonaldtrump     dude  you can t tell a federal employees to violate the law and then say you will issue a .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump  we will not forget when you said over and over  in all your campaign rallies tha .
if true  this is an impeachable offense in and of itself   telling federal employees to violate the law and promisi .
trump is taking a dry run at fascism  hes dangling pardons if federal employees break the law  hes putting a cong .
 kylegriffin1  davidcorndc federal employees can go to jail too  .
the president  according to reports  is now offering pardons to federal employees working in the executive branch i .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump dude  he did tell federal employees to violate the law  amp  then did say he would issue a pa .
donald  trump swore to uphold the laws and constitution of the united states  yet  he is going around telling feder .
 andythegreat9  whatmakesmeugh  sengillibrand  twitter federal housing discrimination against people of color1973 .
 codeofvets why do we re still have va hospitals   give the vets an insurance card and let them go where they need .
 repmaxinewaters  tedlieu  speakerpelosi  senschumer impeachment procedures should be initiated  it is illegal for .
 realjameswoods i read the congressional record once a week  it is terrifying what they are doing  ex  one hr bill  .
 rmack2x  dan613  tsarb0mba  meanjean2300  asinister  no2wind  noelturner194  altus arc  crispycx  jamesb bkk .
 proudresister  repjerrynadler  speakerpelosi  repjerrynadler please act on  taxcode7214 against federal employees .
the hacker claimed to have over a million data  sic  on employees across several u s  federal agencies and public service organizations .
 carlosv77424716  steph93065  godtruelite1  drace11  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  icegov its illegal for federal em .
must be subject to a  federal background check and pass it       i doubt donnie would have passed a basic background ch .
 marthahigh  mcollinsvagirl  meetthepress  michaelsteele the man literally literally told 3 administration official .
 realdonaldtrump according to thedaily news  trumps  grant application describes the corporation through which tr .
 renato mariotti  gtconway3d and       not one  republican has a problem with  trump asking federal employees to br .
 lindseygrahamsc  potus  encouraging federal employees to break the law  amp  then promising to grant a pardon if they .
 will lv76  timrandosaurus  cege7480  steph93065  krhoades99  realdonaldtrump it s called respect and accountabilit .
 tomrose09  repkatieporter  jpmorgan 16 50 is well above federal minimum wage  500 a month  maybe  gets you a spot .
 anandwrites  shaunking i thought 16 50 was a good wage  many federal employees make less than that .
 syrieyes there are some huge new loopholes for very small businesses  the kind with just a couple employees   and .
just in  central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27       harrisburg  pa .
 shrthomas  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump did you know the federal government currently requires approx  10b per day .
 the hacker claimed to have over a million data  sic  on employees across several u s  federal agencies and publi .
 ktullymcmanus its a week of questions  i asked dc cfo if he tracked sexual harassment payments related to dc govt .
 daveloomis1  georgetakei btw  the president just told federal employees they can break the law    do you know it s i .
all politicians take 50  pay cut       all other federal employees take 25  pay cut  sans military        hiring freeze  .
i m no lawyer  but it seems like it would be illegal for a president to tell federal employees to break the law bec .
we used to live in a nation where a president encouraging federal employees to break the law was considered an imp .
 jim jordan  gopoversight  repcummings i want to see trumps personal finances       and correct me if i m wrong  but i .
best thread i ve read in a long while  i m not sure what to recommend beyond reading it  calls to senate  street pr .
 theleadcnn please can you explain how using your position as the potus to instruct other government employees to b .
 bigbillplace  walshfreedom not using their own resources to do the work of federal employees is not violating the law.
rt tedlieu  dear realdonaldtrump  dude  you can t tell a federal employees to violate the law and then say you will issue a pardon  that .
 rehabguy58  stopandshop you re welcome  i see the employees are getting a lot of support from local  state and federal elected officials .
possible  charges for  federal employees  barr  comey  lynch  obama  horowitz .
 bro charlie   hope321758  chrisfromwi  callmyforest  aceof red  209acesheepdog  beg1girl  the mewilson .
this rather narrow and completely made up in january 2017 reinterpretation of the law seems to benefit donnie and f .
 dcexaminer trump wants maga radicals  including federal employees to break the laws to help further his agendas      impeachmenthearings.
amazing the journey from an enthusiastic yell at a campaign rally destroying a presiential hopeful  to sitting in s .
he asked federal employees to commit felonies  while promising pardons should they be jailed    is this a desperate p .
 beyerstein yes  the president is openly telling federal employees to break laws  it doesnt matter  and everyone is fine with it .
 hillaryclinton  marycontrary77 the president believes he is the law          i only hope there will continue to be fed .
ted lieu   dear  realdonaldtrump  dude  you can t tell a federal employees to violate the law       democratic unde .
 evan rosenfeld  jaketapper can a president get away with telling federal employees to break the law .
psa to all federal employees   do not violate state or federal laws in an effort to curry favor with trump  be better than that clown .
 adamschiff   isn t he breaking this law every day    the hatch act  a 1939 federal law that bars executive branch em .
the number of federal government employees under the age of 30 is now around 7 percent  the lowest it has been in .
i appeared on good morning america with senator carl levin in 1989 to discuss the passage of the whistleblower prot .
everyone must read this   and now  hes promising pardons to induce federal employees to break the law   .
 attorneygrievancebarcounsel  officedisciplinarybarcounsel      tullyrinckeypllc your lawfirm represents federal empl .
trump urges federal employees to break the law  dangling pardons if they will do his bidding  nothing to see here .
 wesmoms  lizlemon5759  kjgillenwater  baba9773  realdonaldtrump he isn t a king that can do everything with a snap .
this is the second time in as many weeks that this guy has tried to take the law into his own hands  telling federa .
 monietalks 1  walterlapp can we cut federal funding a bit more please because when we do so federal employees beco .
 realdonaldtrump your crazy asp is asking federal employees to serve jail time for your pardon if they do your unla .
so this president is actively encouraging federal employees to break federal law because he can pardon them  why is .
much of corporate america increased wages and bonuses to their employees    stop whining and look at the bigger pictu .
i mean  i just want to know what the threshold is  threatening members of congress  telling federal employees to de .
i agree with the tweet below  rather than uphold his oath of office to faithfully execute the laws the so called pr .
 secupp thanks  but i think i ll take my advice about  intellectual honesty  from someone who can distinguish betwe .
the potus  is telling federal employees that if they break  the law to further his political goals he will pardon t .
the ever brilliant  realdonaldtrump is performing a  pincer movement  to cut the serco ses s out of the federal wor .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump  a federal employees   .
term of the day        trial balloon  a tentative measure taken or statement made to see how a new policy will be recei .
 trevorwattau  lynlinking  sbsnews no only  failed to allow  they have worked hard to cut wages and conditions   as .
trump baited his dhs executive staff with a lawful direct order to stop asylum  then watched as they disobeyed his .
when i retired from the usaf i went through a transition program where i witnessed federal employees coaching perfe .
i hate playing the what if obama did that  game because it requires such little skill  but omfg can you imagine b .
 mkraju republicons have no authority on the law as long as they continue supporting a president  who is asking fed .
for  2 yrs responsible  respectable employees have been purged from the federal government  to the point that even .
lyft employees living in california are probably looking at combined state and federal marginal tax rates of 45  on .
 arifleischer it is time to stop protecting   senate congress members who throw out baseless accusations  bring an en .
 carldemaio american federation of government employees  the largest federal employee union with 750 000 members  h .
  davidcayj writes   there is  however  a law requiring every federal employee who touches the tax system to do t .
ted lieu   dear  realdonaldtrump  dude  you can t tell a federal employees to violate the law       democratic unde .
 anheuserbusch its amazing all the good and great thjngs companies can do for their employees and communities when .
 tedlieu  devincow  realdonaldtrump anybody who acts on a promise from trump to pardon or pay their defense deserve .
florida towns still need state and federal hurricane relief aid  now     flapol .
trump and the republicans want federal employees and everyone else to declare their loyalty to their white supremac .
 kamalaharris i didnt realize teachers were federal employees.
 heidiholyrood  jessailse  cepesmith there is the federal family leave act which provides 12 weeks for parental lea .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump ted  stop tweeting and act on this  the president telling federal employees its okay to .
impeachment proceedings need to start today  nancy   no more of your fucking weak ass crap   the president is liter .
 kamalaharris more free handouts  why dont you give them each a house and a car   when youre done do the same for .
 realdonaldtrump has used federal employees  the border patrol  national guard  military personnel  children  and t .
 kamalaharris they arent federal employees .
as we informed you last month   a federal judge reinstated the expanded eeo 1 reporting requirements  this decision .
another post from  speakerpelosi for the first  100daysforthepeople democrats signed legislation guaranteeing back .
directing federal employees to break the law while dangling pardons  calling for u s  laws and courts to be ignored .
potus telling federal employees to break the law  or even hinting it  and promising a pardon if they do is an egreg .
 current opm employees were advised in march 2019  and trump is expected to make an official announcement by this s .
 ananavarro has anyone advised trump to stop recruiting federal employees to join him in circumventing federal laws .
 whitehouse new 5g phones should have slot for drivers license or dmv id cards with credit card like emv chip  like .
stephen moore  who wants a seat on the fed   called for firing hundreds of employees at the federal reserve board w .
 berniesanders any idea how much they give to local charities and humanitarian organizations  any idea how much tax .
 gopoversight  jim jordan  repmarkmeadows  repcummings but  you are ok with the orange thing in office  telling  a .
 markyoungtruth  chuckwoolery  berniesanders   according to obamacare or medicare for all or whatever  people over .
 housegop  gopoversight gop   time to impeach the orange thing in office or at least    tell it that    you can t tel .
 malthusian trad  npr smaller government   and whats the plan to do it   huh   great words that everyone agrees wi .
 dbongino beware the honeypot            the  real investigation  will still be staffed by  boujie  federal employe .
 juliadavisnews trump is offering federal employees pardons in exchange for committing a federal crimes  is that ri .
apparently  donald trump thinks the presidential pardon is a tool for him to break american laws by way of his appo .
so the senate republicans are all fine with a president who tells federal employees to break the laws because he wi .
 joycewhitevance trump is offering pardons to federal employees who will break the law for him        congressional de .
if it is wrong to advocate violence against federal employees  then why did  leung tweet the story out  .
breaking  federal prosecutors say they will seek the death penalty against william wood  jr  who has admitted to sh .
 joycewhitevance gops in congress are applauding a potus who instructs federal employees to break the law  that s w .
so there it is  you can direct federal employees to break whatever federal laws you want  just pardon them afterwar .
 sizzlemel  act2cam unfortunately it s not bottom of the run except in some states  nyc has a  15 minimum wage if t .
dear  realdonaldtrump  dude  you can t tell a federal employees to violate the law and then say you will issue a pa .
 deadlinewh  nicolledwallace hes now dangling pardons to federal employees in exchange for their breaking laws  en .
 amyklobuchar trump did the same thing with dreamers  with immigrant children and with federal employees  his mo is .
the president of the united states instructed federal employees to openly break the law  how is this not impeachabl .
 deciding to blow the whistle on wrongdoing can be the single most important professional decision you ever have to .
 kylegriffin1  realdonaldtrump has now crossed a line congress can t tolerate  in his official capacity  he is enco .
arizona federal judge enters judgment for terminated employee  high levels in positive drug test insufficient to sh .
 jakeinutah  theblaze about half of georgetown students are government employees or future government employees tha .
state could assure 120 000 employees left behind by federal rule get paid overtime   .
 rmconservative how is this not a violation of canon 5 of the federal code of conduct for judicial employees .
 jaketapper  cnn instructing federal employees to knowingly commit crimes isnt an impeachable offense  i guess         .
 sunnirinker  pdeplorablegirl im trying to calibrate and having a very difficult time identifying how many total f .
federal employees are the 3rd largest group of individuals seeking assistance from tuldf  we support  nwseos call .
case law update  the u s  court of appeals for the third circuit recently held that a federal employee may bring su .
 breitbartnews  ericswalwell    time to stop protecting   senate congress members who throw out baseless accusations  b .
 cleopatraowen17  thebradfordfile in the us we  as in service members and federal employees  swear an oath to the c .
 realdonaldtrump unbeliable how a weak management always blame on the employees  the same rules apply to the federa .
 realjameswoods entrenched bureaucrats in bloated bureaucracys are the deep state  the number of federal employees .
the passport office in downtown san diego is incredibly efficient and everyone was professional and pleasant  great .
thank you  narfehq for allowing  kelseymeyers2017 to speak and represent  johndelaney at the latest  national activ .
camden federal jury awards  3 5 million in employee s defamation suit  via  njlj.
 aoc  repaoc  berniesanders  sensanders  rokhanna  reprokhanna  jimmy dore  kylekulinski we should be as a first li .
 mikerjohnson777  crooksandliars i have a love hate relationship with amazon    i love the convenience    my conflict i .
 reppeteking did you mention to them two facts   that trump uses cheaper russian steel in his buildings and that he .
 sensanders holy shit i should go work there since their employees dont have to pay federal income tax   hell yeah .
 hurrrdurrr  risingaction  myra mc are you sure they are municipal employees and not funded as a super secret feder .
wonderful to see more federal employees downtown  amp  good news on the 2nd entrance  but it s a shame we won t be gett .
 petebuttigieg they want to serve  qualify otherwise  and are now told being trans is enough to be removed from ser .
 berniesanders what bern is saying he would take the millions of employees under a city   state   amp  federal tax paye .
 mnofilter they were the boring kind of federal government employees  no tea .
 thesaltyranger why no nps visitor pass discount for federal employees .
omb is seeking comments on the continued relevance of the provision that prohibits employees of the executive branc .
 fraudalert fbi houston is aware of a scam campaign targeting our community  the scammers  spoof  the phone number .
mayor  marty walsh press conference on the  baa boston marathon events this weekend  please pay attention to expect .
david cay johnston on lawrence o donnell show last night said steven mnuchin by law has to turn over trump s tax re .
  brianjfeldman passed a law establishing an emergency fund for maryland based government employees who must report .
this legislative session  democrats in montgomery county fought for marylands environment  working families  feder .
while the environmental factors of the  gnd are widely known  the federal jobs guarantee has the potential to compl .
i feel that the govt has more control over ensuring federal contractors are paying their employees living wages  ye .
yes  i love this  but lets also focus on ensuring federal contractors are paying their employees a living and reaso .
 8 point 1  bornthisway1966  torontostar  justintrudeau in many us states  employees can be let go without notice   .
 karol  washexaminer pence voted against every pro lgbtq bill that came before the house of representatives  and as .
green meadows turf  amp  tree based in rochester hills  has paid  130 325 in back wages to 50 employees to resolve alle .
bridges over bureaucrats          we have approximately 2 million federal employees   let s cut down the size of the fe .
 klinduff  reasonawareness  mindpollution3  davidke11861514  ianlstrain  barkindavid  bigsw1  clintonserver .
 haya chudhary figures relate to the pensions paid by the federal govt  armed forces are a federal subject  count t .
 altstatedpt questions        do they plan to just send them to the cities without planning to pay for housing them  .
 dailycaller sucks when you live in those cities  our first responders  just one example  are taken advantage of by .
 mattnolan888  realdonaldtrump yeah theyre not yours theyre federal employees being hampered by your stupid leade .
you know i m glad i got myself clean last year the downside to that is federal employees and agents have been steal .
 billgalvano bay district schools stands to lose 600 employees without disaster aid from the state and federal gove .
 realdonaldtrump lesson   1  for 2 whole years a republican controlled government didnt accomplish much either   s .
 kellyannepolls why do they keep saying medicare when they should be saying medicade    imagine asking federal empl .
 fbi  cia  dhsgov  nsagov  interior  statedept all federal employees need to become  whistleblowers if you really w .
want to retain federal employees  step 1 should be to stop gutting union contracts  slashing telework  and attackin .
 fbi  cia  dhsgov  nsagov  interior  statedept all federal employees need to become  whistleblowers if you really w .
 ned donovan there are a bit like multiple answers language tests in the canadian federal public service in how rob .
 realdonaldtrump  freeassange you bastard   freechelseamanning  their imprisonment is a travesty and against all fe .
employees injured performing their duties in the workplace are  in general  covered by federal and state workers c .
president trump is eliminating a major federal agency  the white house told us why   the daily caller at the end o .
senate bill would give federal employees 12 weeks of paid family leave  .
 thelastword  lawrence  davidcayj all federal employees need to follow the rules   it s a rule  .
the trump administration has created fear  confusion  and resentment among federal employees  that s the goal  .
 sensanders what is a disgrace is that corporations are forced to pay federal income taxes at all  it should be zer .
from 2009 2013  janet napolitano ran dhs and oversaw 22 federal agencies with 230 000 employees  she joins at 1 pm .
the crystal clear language of this law applies to trump  acting white house chief of staff mick mulvaney  mnuchin a .
 fbcooper1  armandodkos  theplumlinegs executive privilege exists everywhere the president is  there is no geograph .
 a federal lawsuit alleging that four state employees failed to prevent a 27 year old woman with severe development .
 fbcooper1  armandodkos  theplumlinegs you make an interesting point  congress could absolutely subpoena every empl .
 cat headley ive genuinely seen someone defending wikileaks when they didnt redact those 2011 cables  saying that .
 davidfrum they are putting him on trial in eastern virginia  where the jury will be comprised of federal employees .
federal employees can still be fired for accidentally eating marijuana edibles         to listen to the federal newscas .
 myekrennish  goldengateblond trump does not control the court system and most federal prosecutors are apolitical c .
 ncfl42  gopchairwoman agreed   i would add   federal  town teacher and state worker plans here in ma have the lowe .
 fhinyxfire  nowthisnews  repkatieporter i have long advocated in my own circles for passing federal legislation ma .
 oldudershead  repthomasmassie  but abta   but they have  they are also non political  not political appointee in .
the crystal clear language of this law applies to trump  acting white house chief of staff mick mulvaney  mnuchin .
from 1998 to 2017  real pay  amp  benefits per full time federal employee rose by 67   for state and local employees  5 .
hot off the wires   afge applauds introduction of senate bill to provide paid family leave to federal workers washi .
there is a law requiring every federal employee who touches the tax system to do their duty or be removed from of .
ordering federal employees to act in violation of federal law is irresponsible and dangerous for asylees fleeing fo .
 shawnaleneeshow  ashley4kxxx  yang hologram  rachel k chen  j4yyftw  reasonraccoon  strwar  arealhughmann .
this creep should be jailed and immediately lose is job as well as the commissioner of the irs   both broke this in .
 stucam7771 taxes released   no debt   like other federal employees   drug test       and congress too.
 armandodkos  theplumlinegs president under article ii  so  senate confirmable  presidential advisors  like the tre .
 lindasu2099  alanzaniewski  jackposobiec  realdonaldtrump  wikileaks i was a damned if he supports them  please ex .
another friday at the w3 center and we say farewell to the sisters and brothers who attended this week for arbitrat .
 usacsmret start with federal employees who are getting a check and not paying taxes .
 chanclan82  5strat this monstrosity was created in 1979   anointed themselves like military generals   paid themse .
95  of all federal employees who contributed money in the last presidential election gave to hillary clinton  .
a new york federal court has permitted six former employees of a shuttered steakhouse to testify about how its owne .
 5strat this might be the biggest defeat of ds so far  has serco city of london fallen  remember trump s 30  days o .
1 2 more bullshit   u s  office of personnel mgmt  is independent of the federal govmnt   they manage civilians who .
  jessicafeldmark passed a law establishing an emergency fund for maryland based government employees who must repo .
this legislative session  democrats in howard county fought for marylands reproductive health  federal employees  .
 sruhle social security doesn t impact everyone e g   federal employees in csrs or folks that don t have the work h .
in states with their own  family  medical leave laws   employers should compare the state law with the federal .
intel agencies aim to be hiring model for disabled employees   federal news network .
 wot da fuk  zebrafarm2000  dearauntcrabby  realdonaldtrump in the 90s william barr ordered doj employees to lie t .
 dancrenshawtx good morning sir    what she was saying was  thats how the republicans reacted when they came up with .
there s another level of this medical care hell your talking about  worldofstu in which  on top of everything else  .
the federal government is the nations largest employer  yet federal employees are among the millions of workers wh .
 trending   central pennsylvania food bank helps federal employees affected by shutdown   abc27       harrisburg  pa .
 nsf hopes a new app will empower their employees to become lifelong learnersand they re asking  highered to help .
  nsf hopes a new app will empower their employees to become lifelong learnersand they re asking  highered to help .
 byronyork i did   the warrant looks justified to me  but that s not important   but see  byron  i won t slander th .
the majority of us federal employees will receive a 2019 pay raise retroactive to january which will then be erase .
 katrinapierson yep  congress exempts the va  tri care  the federal employees healthcare plan which includes member .
does medicare for all include politicians and federal employees  .
mnuchin and mulvaney face 5 years in prison for blocking demand for trump s taxes  beware  mick mulvaney and steve .
 kylegriffin1 ah  the good ol rule of law  how i miss it         would trump toady barr allow doj to prosecute these f .
 repjeffries saw you on morning joe where you mentioned a 1 9  raise for federal employees   the federal employees .
hed better do more than deal with a few federal employees  he has a whole presidential police state to investigs .
funny how we can hold lower level federal employees accountable for their actions and not white house staffers and .
 proudresister if government employees don t conform willingly  they need to be escorted by federal marshals to a j .
every mainline denomination in america has contributed to efforts to provide relief  one baptist church emptied its .
some states such as california  offered furloughed employees unemployment benefits  although the trump administrati .
they should  an they should build a wall everywhere except california  and after that  pull all federal employees o .
 angarone  kylegriffin1 no   but rettig and mnuchin can be removed   trump  as chief executive  is not subject to t .
during the shutdown  the federal government s e verify systema system for employers to check the eligibility of th .
 hrw  kimdotcom suggestion to journalists  do not reprint classified information stolen from our government agenc .
some airports such as the philadelphia international airport  launched food and item donations for federal employee .
 electwarren2020        pochahantas   amazon is  amazed by your claim they pay no taxes  huge distribution centers in t .
uhhhh .
 newmannmichael good morning  the hubs  dmon1977 and i are both federal government employees and cant tweet as muc .
 pica2pixel  therynheart  senatemajldr no he s not  members have regular healthcare options that stop when they re .
those americans looking for payback over the mueller probe  might reflect on the fact that the hate trump media tho .
there is semi panic in americas leftwing precincts because it looks like attorney general barr is serious about ho .
 blog  a look at many of the upcoming conferences and events that look into how best to train federal employees to .
 craigcwhite2  bradleyrourke  publici  nbcnews he is being deceptive  the social security taxes they pay come out o .
jeff bezos says walmart should pay its employees more  walmart says amazon should pay at least a penny in federal i .
the plaintiff claimed she was fired in retaliation for her complaints that her supervisor was harassing her because .
question  if the president has to disclose his taxes  why not all the house and senate members  why not all federal .
 billoreilly  some federal employees  .
the economic and financial crimes commission  efcc  has presented its first witness  jones oboh  in an alleged  50  .
the trump administration plans to shift much of the power and responsibility for food safety inspections in hog pla .
 jarradkushner  afbranco when i was at the nsa i didn t recall president obama being there  he was way to important .
 anmf federal  humanheadline  nswnma  unionsaustralia  anmfvic  anmfsa  qnmuofficial  anmftasmania disgraceful whil .
 newyorkgop  gingerkinsey111 that s the federal governments  responsibility for they were federal employees  .
 meghanmccain me too  should have seen how he destroyed the lives of employees in the state of washington when he n .
 lawrence  waysmeanscmte  thelastword as its unlikely the trump justice department will prosecute mnuchin  democra .
 thatsjacqueline  johncusack  laura19191 so you re all for doxxing  public release of your private data  exposing c .
 gegenweathers  thedailybeast a federal judge can t fire federal employees  especially not a cabinet level appointe .
 ewarren they only have 613 300 employees who are paying federal taxes .
 candiceaiston       4 percent income based premium paid by employees that exempts the first  29 000 for a family o .
 adubiouspronoun       4 percent income based premium paid by employees that exempts the first  29 000 for a family .
 mmarchant96 only ca gives waitresses  waiters and bussers  11 12 an hour  usually their income is completely subsi .
 michcusejoe5  sahilkapur  berniesanders       4 percent income based premium paid by employees that exempts the fi .
the whistleblower protection act of 1989 was enacted to protect federal employees who disclose  government illegali .
hurricane michael hurt us  we are begging our state for funding  begging the us congress for federal aide  our scho .
 lawrence  waysmeanscmte  thelastword google this law  it s very simple  obey the law  if not  lose ur job  pay up .
 leftwardswing different if you ask me   huge federal tax break for nothing   amazon is in my county with a big ful .
this law applies all federal employees  trump  mulvaney  mnuchin  rettig  and has a provision requiring dismissal f .
 benjaminwittes so it s ok if employees of the federal government spy on republicans  correct   does that standard .
 theblaze assuming he s a college employee  not a contractor  this isn t surprising  as a community college  it s p .
we really do need to institute regular drug screenings of federal employees   housegop  housedemocrats  senategop .
 davidcayj loved your article on tax law and how federal employees  i wonder  is the president an employee  can he .
 nytimes umm  if they are transportation employees  federal laws still apply .
 htwam sarah  jestershow  robertkazinsky on july 26  2017  the department of justice argued in court that federal c .
 kylegriffin1 mnuchin and more are also breaking tax law governing federal employees   see section 7214 of tax code .
why does   jamiedimon need low paid employees  anyway   it seems the low wage described by  repkatieporter is still .
 akki j2 i disagree  political appointees come and go  mostly figure heads  the real work is done by career federa .
so instead what we have is more than 10 million employees who are left with no federal protection  if there s no st .
the lawsuit argues that the alliance of american football league violated the federal worker adjustment and retrain .
there is a section governing all federal employees  lawrence says the risk is five years in prison.
 lawrence  waysmeanscmte  thelastword lawrence o donnelll facing federal charges for abuising nbc employees .
 realdennislynch  repkatieporter  jpmorgan how about if the state and federal gov t just stop taking so much of her .
thank you  senjohnkennedy  sen  kennedy recognizes the hard work of employees who work under the  abilityone progra .
 senatemajldr how long are you going to allow   our dedicated federal employees to tolerate this type of degradation   .
 exposinglibsbs  repgwenmoore your answer to this totally clear legal command is some scotus decision on legal liab .
 gop  senatemajldr how many know that woodrow wilson was a racist  he ordered partitions be placed between white  amp  .
 realdonaldtrump how many know that woodrow wilson was a racist  he ordered partitions be placed between white  amp  bl .
 rebeccalobo across the board pay increases for all  gold level health care benefits as defined by the federal go .
 futrellpeg  pam405  publiceditor gosh maybe you dont grasp how income tax works  you earn   your taxed on  income .
 marksmi12031815 for cop killers  appoint a special prosecutor for hillary clinton  cut common core  impose a hirin .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees   .
amid the stalemate in washington  credit unions have some of the more generous offers for government employees  .
 joshscampbell the only reason why the country has not become a shit hole is because we still have dedicated federa .
 danpfeiffer the hatch act of 1939  a united states federal law whose main provision prohibits employees in the exe .
 dailycaller  ericswalwell    it is time to stop protecting   senate congress members who throw out baseless accusation .
oh lets make this easy  should qualified fed employees be laid off so some dullard can take over at a lower paysca .
 trump wants  100 billion in pay and benefit cuts for u s  postal service employees      .
this is a savvy approach to counter the reality that companies with huge profits pay no tax while their employees p .
 whitehouse  lockthemup now        hatch act      whose main provision prohibits employees in the executive branch of the .
possible charges for federal employees  ggod indictments are coming.
 opm agency is responsible for managing civilian federal workforce  coordinating hiring  recruiting  amp  performance .
 spideyterry  ajitnewyork  realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo you can also say that about federal employees  repeatedl .
bill oreilly         maga.
 tools2retire and if all federal employees  including congress and the administration  were merged into the social .
camden federal jury awards  3 5 million in employee s defamation suit   new jersey law journal on malpractice law   .
similarly there are still a massive number of employees  federal and state  attempting to govern through it and do .
there are a number of perks working for the federal  state or local  government  learn about what government jobs o .
take that    amazon ceo  hey walmart  how  bout you start paying your employees as much as we do    at least  15 hr  .
every employer must  as a legal right  make certain that they provide a safe workplace for employees   9news   .
every employer must  as a legal right  make certain that they provide a safe workplace for employees   9news   .
every employer must  as a legal right  make certain that they provide a safe workplace for employees   9news   .
every employer must  as a legal right  make certain that they provide a safe workplace for employees   9news   .
every employer must  as a legal right  make certain that they provide a safe workplace for employees   9news   .
every employer must  as a legal right  make certain that they provide a safe workplace for employees   9news   .
 marthamaccallum question for senator sanders  will you assure members of congress and federal employees will parti .
 snowden detention center it s not covering  arbitration hearing about it but it doesn t matter if you re going thr .
by my read the opm spends  1000 yr employee    2 1b for 2 1m fed employees   do any hr folks in corporate us have a .
 crimeaday these are like bounty hunters  employees of private companies  not federal agents .
possible charges for federal employees .
 jasonsmithmo hr 1 expands enforcement of regulations governing foreign agents  and establishes additional conflict .
a federal lawsuit alleging that four state employees failed to prevent a 27 year old woman with severe developmenta .
 kamalaharris no thanks   local teachers are not employees of the federal gov t .
announcement    united arab  emirates  emirates  oil   amp  gas  federal court judge of dubai in uae   has just  approved .
nextera energy  inc  responsible federal government committee of gulf power company employees inc  .
 billoreilly hope those  federal employees  are the upper echelons and not rank and  file  the following need jail  .
outten  amp  golden filed suit against sizmek today in new york bankruptcy court for violation of the federal and new y .
 psychdr100 the sad thing is they aren t hurt at all   federal employees  those toward the top  get golden cadillac .
u s  senator brian schatz and other colleagues introduced new legislation called the federal employees paid leave a .
 kimstrassel  richlowry huh  you equate press to federal employees  hmm .
 travelingus  speakerpelosi  repcummings  repadamschiff  reprichardneal we can t start impeachment now   amp  you all k .
  hinews  808news the current family and medical leave act allows employeesto take 12 weeks .
stop threatening  speakerpelosi  repcummings  repadamschiff  reprichardneal          dems are getting sick of it       star .
 markgerretsen has your party supported increasing the minimum wage of federal employees .
adidas employees under federal indictment  tied to recruiting scandal  nike under federal scrutiny  do you ever thi .
bill o reilly   theres just too much evidence of illegality already established   the odds are indictments of powe .
marijuana and  workplace  safety      under the federal controlled substances act  marijuana is still illegal  but its .
 nightlypolitics maybe trump has a sturmabteilung  sa  unit that he can use to threaten and harm federal employees  .
 ewarren whats your position on pay raises for dedicated federal employees and civil servants  you have great poli .
tech leaders news  opm looks to ai to save employees from reading boring regulations   fedscoop .
john kennedy on president trump s response to mass shootingmorale among federal employees slumped across most of th .
 the comments especially the one about two types of federal employees     y all don t know  .
 china has built a database on americans  and it is using this database for  espionage       included in this database .
 steveddees  icegov that s an unfair assumption given the fact there are roughly 7 000 political appointees  but ap .
 senschumer  senatemajldr  senategop you have a break coming  so what you took your christmas break and left the fe .
 tnteachl  votegloriaj  tnedreport im all for a support system being put in place for our teachers  i personally t .
on this day in 1913  president woodrow wilson permitted racial segregation in federal employment  though wilson cla .
does your agency need to retrain employees  what are some strategies that you ve seen work  what would you like to .
camden federal jury awards  3 5 million in employee s defamation suit on malpractice law   .
 fedreservejobs  newyorkfed warning if you are looking for job career at federal reserve bank      do not work at nj .
 fedreservejobs  newyorkfed warning if you are looking for job career at federal reserve bank      do not work at nj .
 jandhislespaul  chrisjzullo  realdonaldtrump im not generalizing in the least   im all for legal immigration   y .
process of recruitment in federal provincial and in corporations jobs is so weak that next incoming govt  once ptis .
 skyjuicetencent  sotsogm  jude thaddaeus  sistermoon24  mikedrucker this is a man who said federal employees banne .
 financialpros  whether you ve been working with federal employees for years and looking for a boost in your busine .
 cvpayne  marthamaccallum incredible spin  here are actual wages for nonsupervisory employees including link to fed .
we need a  taxpayersreparation bill       all federal  state and local government employees  past and present  must pay .
outten  amp  golden files suit on april 9th against new england motor freight in nj bankruptcy court for violation of t .
what happens to all that money   i guess it is paid to shareholders and management employees who pay federal income .
 bucksexton  vidordave how is this not watergate only using actual federal employees to subvert a candidates campaign .
 stoptrump2020 he is also planning to dismantle the office of personnel management  opm  which currently has the re .
did you know  under both federal and state laws  employers are prohibited from firing  retaliating against  or othe .
camden federal jury awards  3 5 million in employee s defamation suit   new jersey law journal   .
the trump administration has created fear  confusion  and resentment among federal employees  that s the goal  .
few federal laws protect the millions of wild animals who live in captivity in aquariums  circuses  theme parks and .
ala helps organizations build tobacco cessation programs that follow federal requirements and are proven to help to .
bill s message of the day   possible charges for federal employees    .
 realjack good   as a former  now retired  federal civil servant  as a supervisor  i found opm noting but an obstac .
new york city has passed a bill that bans employers from requiring prospective employees to submit to  thc testing .
 whitehouse is there an adult in the room who you can show this tweet to  federal law prohibits employees in the ex .
 scotia itrade ive   sent letters to the big five banks   head offices also and called them    ive got 18 youtube video w .
a harsh slap on the wrist s to those involved  should put this matter to rest     .
 3 5 million  a woman who claimed her former employer made false and defamatory statements about her to a federal a .
want to keep up with irs regulations on payroll tax administration  be it federal income taxes  fica taxes  state t .
possible charges for federal employees  for those dems that still dont understand the impac .
 peltzmadeline too much like right for gop and humane to gods people    trump want brutality sign of strength  amp  va .
 robreiner ps  chump has called them dirty cops  have u ever known any federal agents   i have  amp  unless im wrong m .
 billoreilly i don t care if a citizen is a dem or rep  i would hope most americans would want to know what happene .
chicago federal judge allows facebook to ask appeals panel to review a wage  amp  hour  classaction filed by 450 of its .
       federal employees      .
eeoc and  fmcs usa commit to work together to resolve federal workplace disputes using alternative dispute resoluti .
bill o reilly  bill s message of the day   possible charges for federal employees they need to go to jail  .
oh    im needed in federal cause both employees have streptococcus    ouch  ok im not as mad i thought i had to actually fix shit.
del   jessicafeldmark passed a law establishing an emergency fund for maryland based government employees who must .
this legislative session  democrats in baltimore county fought for marylands reproductive health  federal employee .
if you work part time as a teller at wells fargo the pay range in  8  15 an hour and employees pay for benefits and .
again  our president is in a well lit room with huge pupils and bloodshot eyes  most federal employees must submit .
 ejacqui city  state  and federal employees all get pensions  as do the military .
this is a man who knows hes screwed no matter       the daily choice of most current federal government employees  of .
i caught dennis ross with his hand in the pocket of the federal government  let me refresh everyone s memory  i cau .
possible charges for federal employees .
the credit union was chartered in 1956 under the name cyclops titusville federal credit union  it was organized to .
 speakerpelosi panic because it looks like barr is serious about holding some federal  employees accountable for mi .
 senschumer panic because it looks like barr is serious about holding some federal employees accountable for misbeh .
 youth4 america  lindacirocco  business it s the same almost everywhere   it s a myth that corporations don t want .
lets add church donations to that list of places people are willing to fund operations     to places people dont wa .
following media reports that the president has asked immigration officials to disobey court rulings and violate the .
 the mrneutron id love to see walmarts taxes  do you think what they paid in comes anywhere close to what theyve .
bill o reilly said barr may  hold some federal employees accountable for misbehaving   this was a coup attempt  he .
 thebradsmith  walmart how about they pay more in federal taxes  give their workers the right to unionize  pay  15  .
must read  .
all federal employees are invited to attend the  pittsburghfeb diversity  amp  inclusion committee s holocaust remembra .
 sinkspur  cleopatraowen17  davidfrum don t forget imprisonment at gitmo or summary execution of career federal emp .
 jurisnaturalism worked in dc for three years  went there a progressive  came out a conservative  mostly because i .
 cr opm could use a 60  drop in employees and a 30  cut in salary for those remaining  limit all civilian federal employment to 15 years .
this dept is the federal government s hr dept    some of it s purposes are   overseeing health insurance and retire .
 abajournal geezus  an 82 year old woman retired  what a shocker  the suits based on lying nyt s article  complaint .
 hardworking        federal employees       it s one or the other  guy  .
 andrewyang the mic is on the ropes  andrewyang take this opportunity to take the moral high ground  the endless wa .
 kamalaharris you re going to assign ill intent to an entire federal agency   government employees deserve more respect .
 johnnycommunist   athenaswrath whistle blowers are currently aiding house committees investigating the west wing  .
 billoreilly yes  and those federal employees who will be fined and imprisoned will most likely be a secretary  a c .
 zachdcarter lol   after the 2008  bailout  they re all very  very expensive federal employees .
 kmtberry  edwardthardy the agency provides federalhuman resourcespolicy  oversight and support  and tends to hea .
.
i can imagine a number of federal agencies and even corporations that would should be banning these devices from ho .
 rockprincess818 i believe he is about to be the star witness against several criminally corrupted u s  politicians and federal employees .
aoc  yes the education system needs to be reformed  start by investigating where the education funding is going  mi .
      at least 1 3 of federal employees are veterans  pls keep that in mind  gop.
possible charges for federal employees .
are federal employees ever going to get their cost of living adjustment and back pay     j.
 ewarren how much did they pay in employees federal taxes .
 realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr  alt doj  fbi   tyrannical assault at the hands of federal employees against america .
 jacklynwille you could get there with 50  employer match  as that would motivate a great deal of employees to cont .
 bretbaier question for senator sanders  will you assure congressional members  federal employees will participle i .
 edvanews i fing love you  edvanews  drinks on me  happy hour   muellertime  i know as federal employees you canno .
 dabeard  publici eog resources has 2800 employees and is headquartered in tx       2 800    10 000 per capita tax   .
 dabeard  publici prudential financial has 49 000 employees  doing the same math    49 000 employees   nj per capita .
 dabeard  publici ibm have less than 100k employees in the us  if they all work in ny and pay the  13k per capita t .
 gdye  natemeyvis we were operating under the law that doesn t allow federal employees to accept non minimal gifts .
 billoreilly     barr is serious about holding some federal employees accountable        why just  some        all who part .
 reformedbroker we could probably halve the number of federal employees and no one would notice.
 maddowblog  u2 randy this is getting old  why do the privileged  amp    or federal employees get away with crimes by s .
possible charges for federal employees .
 kbloodfang  thelaurenchen  the social security tax is a federal tax imposed on employers  employees and self emplo .
the trump administration has proposed a rule allowing employers to fund individual tax preferred accounts for emplo .
this will be better for all political parties of pakistan  amp  all federal  amp  all provincial employees from all pakista .
 perryls2  pergolaman  catmartini53 the physical  sexual  and emotional abuse visited upon these babies by trump  s .
resources for federal employees  caught between conscience and career .
shawn d  pervis  employer  said   his workers are not his employees  they are subcontractors  so he cannot force th .
 stevecohen7  aedmondsauthor  fsuwarpath  krassenstein  repadamschiff to your point of weaponizing the federal agen .
 chris 1791  foxnews he is also needed to testify against a few of the soon to be arrested u s  politicians and corrupted federal employees .
today for  goodwillonhill  please urge your lawmaker to support providing back pay to federal contractors by passin .
opm looks to ai to save employees from reading boring regulations     fedscoop  artificialintelligence  acquisitionwork.
 aethelwitha you know the mspb has been a bad forum for  whistleblowers when for 30 years  whistleblower attorneys .
 prisonplanet i used to agree  that is until wikileaks doxed those federal employees  .
those americans looking for payback over the mueller probe  might reflect on the fact that the hate trump media tho .
via  fedregister statistical policy directive no  3  compilation  release  and evaluation of principal federal econ .
question of the week   do i need medicare part b if i have federal employees health benefits  fehb  insurance   cli .
the president finally approved raises for federal employees  thankgod .
possible charges for federal employees .
trump hates americans     he hates federal employees     he hates america     he hates      he only loves himself  power an .
 whitehouse i am sure all of congress and all federal employees will be required to be under berniecare  right .
bill o reilly  bill s message of the day   possible charges for federal employees .
 politico meanwhile  his gov t health benefit is set in stone  if he succeeds in removing obamacare with no replace .
 joycewhitevance  donwinslow have you knowledge of the hatch act  federal career employees are prohibited from enga .
 sruhle and thousands of babies are killed via abortion  to blame their deaths on the federal employees is unfair and  frankly  disgusting.
 proudbluecollar  nbcnews correct    and it is still billions of dollars in taxes paid    amazon has paid federal incom .
 tessabell420  howardschultz  mrdane1982  berniesanders stop giving  special  federal employees health benefits for .
 billoreilly do you include elected officials in your comment federal employees .
good   i home these so called federal employees soil themselves everyday until they go to jail   they are traitors .
 billoreilly interesting you call them federal employees   lockthemup.
laid off necco employees file class action lawsuit      two ex employees of the necco factory in revere  mass   filed a .
just got an email saying all federal employees are getting a 1 4  pay increase for 2019 as per executive order      all .
i left only these but i will put the rest back on the wall when i finish painting room .
 kh93291 if i recall i think around 135 billion i didn t finish what i was saying in that tweet billions they paid .
 repleezeldin facts lock them all up  amp  dont forget hrc  amp  obama   thank god for our great president donald j  trump  h .
 matthewdmarsden love the mental battle of running where you hit the wall want to stop and could easily stop but th .
moulin rouge lautrec vintage french posters wall art  wonderful giclee print reproduction french poster   printed b .
the grandview swing arm wall lamp comes in a warm antique brass finish that resembles an intense shade of gold  bes .
finish the wall   secure our southern border   deport all illegal aliens   stop trade with mexico until they stop t .
 rl9631  melrpell  potus  whitehouse now let us finish the job and get outta the way liberals so that we can fix th .
 3diian brother  i am tired too  it is ok to take a breather and rehydrate  let s finish the race  our lord is alwa .
7  then finish out the day with regulation government wall st          fcc s  jrosenworcel on mechanisms to allocate th .
 f1cwt  dazthevillan  f1gpaddict  wall pit that s fair  most successful f1 drivers have an arrogant streak  i m thi .
faux finish friday      this narrow stairway was showing a lot of kids finger prints and other mess  its hard to kee .
any chance a trump supporter holding a sign that says   finish the wall  will ever be aware of how stupid they look .
are you gonna post a picture of the grid frame and slogans   d  so far i only have the grid on my wall hahahaha i  .
 realdonaldtrump okay lets finish the wall   forget the b s   infrastructure sounds good to lets keep going because .
 lionelmedia what makes s her think bernie would ever finish the wall   she s just looking for reactions to her sta .
washington d c  is the 3rd most rat infested city in the u s    drain the swamp rats     impeachpelosi   impeach congress .
final decorating job completed  i had some wallpaper left over from papering a feature wall in my bedroom so decide .
lovely long run this morning   10 miles in total    10km run walk with ann  jean and book reviewer bridie   lovely a .
hey djt   finish that last sentence  you never             read         tell the truth         pay people         get mexico to pay .
 pbgamer96  bubbledreaming yes that s the next feature im going to finish today is jumping off the wall  there will .
 realdonaldtrump complete and total exoneration  hoax  angry  witch  maga  bone spurs  no recollection  finish the .
 realdonaldtrump move on  you won  potus   get the wall built  deport illegal aliens and do what you promised the a .
 realdonaldtrump lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please.
well  it s supposed to be a holidayish day here  but i think i ll work most of the day  a project that needs to fin .
how about this    we finish the wall  then move every u s  felon overcrowding our prisons across to mexico and slam .
is it common to just hit a wall like two inches from the finish line on a first draft   i m getting there but like     jeez    amwriting.
already a huge difference since wednesday  still got the one wall to finish and then the last wall   .
a small t bar slimline  heritage style  black banded glazed partition wall for symonds newey in leamington spa  war .
   finish the wall  .
ran into a wall i think my execution is either no good  and or i might be approaching it wrong  either way gonna n .
just pinned to  retaining wall drainage fabric   step 13   encapsulate the drainage layer  amp  .
 john jakester  iproudcanadian  carletonjtysick  john lambe  tequilasheila10  lashawner951  tomanst  durbabushka .
 bmmmdr dunno about that  the people saw the truth the last month  demanding congress go finish the wall now  yes .
there are more completed wall panels  but i need to make more books and finish the close up pieces  puppets clothi .
im getting into ash princess by  sebastian lk again   i tried reading it earlier this year but college submissions .
god bless president trump   best president ever   god bless america   drain the swamp creatures  finish the wall  .
 herbert l reed  100percfedup finish the wall.
 switz darker floors are beautiful but make the room smaller  absorbs the light   so balance with a light blue  gra .
expose every last one and nail their butts to the wall  if they used their elected positions for their own politica .
project is finally done  another happy and satisfied client  opening the wall to create the door frame in order to .
push me against the wall    finish the rest .
david ajala sound so sexy  if he ask me to strip and grab the wall i would be naked before he finish speaking   ge .
ok  hit a wall for how much gold i can stare at for the day  might sew top    or just finish kunisano art and come .
 realjack great idea  let s see 2 or more of her friends join her  now that s the best way to help america  ice doe .
 realdonaldtrump if he did nothing then why are you crying about him ordering spying on you   either he did nothing .
 ashelycoin hey ash i have a hack on how to make a zip line      1 add a ladder   2 add pillars   3 add a floor   4 add pilla .
 erictrump  realdonaldtrump i still thank god everyday since crooked hillary lost  amp  barack opiece ofshit left offic .
 spencechecketts i watch listen to every game start to finish   but had to shut that one of at halftime  my animals .
 realdonaldtrump thank you president trump   trump 2020  keep america great  finish the wall    american conservatism .
 realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please.
sdny and others investigating him and his businesses have yet to   finish  looks like trump will get the wall he so .
rt wineenthusiast  when you just want to open a bottle without the hassle  thankfully for those occasions the boj w .
when you just want to open a bottle without the hassle  thankfully for those occasions the boj wall mounted corkscr .
 0ohblah  tb2z  cher all thats left is to finish the damn wall  .
 deaconcruise  kakimiller1  jaybeestewee  ikoikomo61  tnmoonchild  cedarflats  dawizzurd you know what is really th .
 nonamen16155201  brentgriva1  whitehouse for if you lay the foundation and are not able to finish it  everyone who .
 arbenlala2  ingrahamangle finish up on the english lessons then hit us up  until then try not to hurt yourself whi .
roger brown s  with their backs against the wall  fought all the way back to tie it with 12 seconds left  then flet .
finish the wall   notfoundedonanything.
 bdm tastemakers how does one not hit the wall and finish  relatively  strong .
 citizentvkenya  jageyo  yvonneokwara  linuskaikai  jamilamohamed  fchurii the handwriting is on the wall  the depu .
 heckass the first time i played the game  which i didn t finish because my data got corrupted by saving outside th .
 erictrump  cnn maybe now we can continue to work on issues rather than this witch hunt  1st and 2nd order of busin .
 seekero94290382  realdonaldtrump  qanon76 the budget for the wall is too much and by the time they finish building .
 realdonaldtrump great news now please continue to clean out the swamp  finish building the wall and control internet management censorship.
 aetataureate for me the wall is the perfect album    from start to finish  or continuously looped it tells a bette .
photo sums up a great weekend at the  richmondraceway with my logo on the  larrys lemonade  39 car and .
 karilakefox10  fox10phoenix finish the wall .
 kayajones finish the wall .
sogard clears the bases on a hard hit double to the right field wall  6 3  letsgobluejays and that s it for .
finish on the wall and call it walnut .
now let s finish the dam wall and frig these demms .
installation of wooden sleeper retainers strip and re gravel the drive and also a bit of wall and pavings to finish .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov finish building the wall .
this is the love hate stage     i just want to bang out the words but i need to do this    i need to finish so i won  .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump one thing at a time lets finish the wall and put a stop to illegals coming in to america .
so right  sit down and do the work of the american people  repair our immigration system  change the laws bring the .
new design   decorative leaf shaped platter made of ceramic in a good finish  this is a beautiful piece and can ado .
 avsgrl19 of course it is   this is not a good idea or look   go all in with the next game and finish calg on their .
 realdonaldtrump thats why we love you president trump  finish the wall please .
mirror mirror on the wall  i am the prettiest of them all        perfect red to accompany your party wear        get .
 realjack now lets get to work everyone and finish the wall .
 davidlimbaugh  realdonaldtrump how about taking back the 30 million  we tax payers wasted on this fraud investigat .
 realdonaldtrump usa and particularly dems owes you an apology  enough is enough   go strong and finish the wall an .
finish the wall        maga .
 iamthoux2artpie haha dude that reminds me i need to finish my other shower  build a shed  put up a new gate  fix t .
 thebobthe  douglassoule  jj severino just sad the william shatner wall isnt still back there to really finish the .
 thesun you are evil and should stay in syria to rot  your type always finish up blaming others when your back is a .
u know  if they ever impeached trump  mike pence would still finish building the wall    lol.
 jerome corsi praise jesus    praise father god    god bless president trump and those who stand on the side of truth  .
 realdonaldtrump yes  finish the wall .
off the wall  but would be entertaining   4 stages  cup drivers wives or girlfriends  then cup drivers start where .
season update for the  wallgirlsgolf team        10 0 overall record    3 0 divisional record    2nd   mct    2nd   sct    .
if there was one product that made me a better runner  it was not fancy shoes or a gps watch  my vote goes to sport .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews speaking of gaslighting   is it build the wall or finish the wall .
i downloaded ac unity for pc  i have it for ps4 too  i never finished the game  only played a few hours  now i reme .
 repadamschiff what if our pres is into something much bigger  like a trojan horse  he spreads our military all ove .
ive just watched a grown man finish a drink and then throw the empty bottle over someones wall into their front g .
 bhuvan bam bro dont watch it if you havent  it is highly addictive if you will watch just one episode then trust .
close the borders   finish the wall   oust all radical muslims .
and then when you finish washing your hands and water gets everywhere  the children come out of the full length mir .
 jaysekulow finish the wall    now   .
ive been struggling with depression and anxiety  the fear of failing  i went into college with no choice but to gr .
 nickbromberg it was different  but it was exciting  this was the best finish i think i ever saw at talladega  than .
this amazing artwork mosaic took months to complete  sources say the artist would finish a bottle of wine and then .
5 58am train to dublin connolly for a 7am start from the sea lock on north wall targeting a 7pm finish at mullingar .
given that this isnt at all the first time this has happened i m gonna add some structure around my cosplay work to .
 ginac777  danaelizabeth69  devine freedom  iamthewatchman3  owlwoman911    twiceborn   jbwrd88  duriavigrobert .
 suhyounghons i was trying to finish my dissertation before going back  but screaming at a wall when cbx had the co .
 nrcc  finish           no wall construction has taken place  zero  some existing fences were maintained  and trump had .
my favorite part of tros pre movie discussion is peeps going  omg what if  i will finish what you started is foresh .
i just realized that you were trying to finish what obama started  he asked for  the wall  first  here s a 2012 com .
 nrcc finish  they haven t started  if you call mending fencing  building  a wall  sure  or did you think only trum .
 juliancastro illegal immigrants   finish that wall       maga2020   mr  castro  you should know better   we have a hug .
you ever finish a bag of veggie straws then stare at the wall with disgust.
 scolipedevevo imo  going into last wish and warping to the shuro chi encounter using the wishing wall might be a b .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please.
i dont know how old i was  but i remember listening to the writing s on the wall from tart to finish over and ov .
 repmattgaetz  karriefleetwood finish the wall.
 nrcc we should finish the wall   congress never built anything .
its about damn time   finish the wall   .
finish the wall .
 liberty4masses more like kag and finish the wall amirite   don t need the midwest if you have that crucial charlie kirk vote .
 dannybkelly  walterseahawk  shane1alexander i say just go for it  looking forward to gif break downs of the proces .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump the patriots of america will never let the wall come down  so keep dreaming that  he wi .
 wednesdaywisdom  wednesdaythoughts  cnn  msnbc     maga  already great  pat  better    0    yes we can  now you finis .
finish the wall .
 wednesdaywisdom  wednesdaythoughts  cnn  msnbc  maga    yes we can  now you finish the damn sentence        imwithher   .
 realdonaldtrump please just deport the illegals  finish the wall  stop all aid to illegals and defund sanctuary cities .
congratulations  a depasquale      p i  weekend result   another outstanding achievement  great emotions displayed .
 realdonaldtrump let s finish the wall screw the dems you are the president of the usa  you need to do what you nee .
 mitchellvii  breitbartnews they voted for sanctuaries  amp  we need to put   them somewhere thank god for our great pres .
 realdonaldtrump hire kris kobach and finish the wall   i ve seen no new sections of wall built.
 kamvtv finish the wall  potus.
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump with that piddly little bit of money you stole from the military all you re going to get is repair .
 teammacmillan didn t hit the wall in either  marathon but i did on sunday  it was another  runner who helped me cr .
 repmattgaetz finish the wall and add more boots on the ground .
finish the wall  we need more boots on the ground  .
my coworkers are sincerely respectful and supportive of the fact i take all of my breaks by myself to finish my nov .
this total legend  gaz parry popped round today to add some new routes to the nose wall  slimfast will be in tomorr .
 dipinfo today there was a lecture dedicated to the work of the finish artist reidar srestniemi  .
there s increased risk for border agents every time they are forced to apprehend  illegal aliens that a barrier wou .
standing in the reception of  strathburns waiting for my daughter to finish brownies and look what i found on the w .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex well done sir    but first  finish our wall   deport all illegals from the beginning of time .
 kurtschlichter yes deport all illegal aliens parasites  finish the wall  realdonaldtrump  maga   .
 timeghosttempus  amerikangirl07 keep texas red  just say no to illegals  close the border  finish the wall  .
its the little things that help with appearance  this area was suffering with broken wall slabs  our civil enginee .
 tomilahren potus has to broadside dems with  finish border wall  tough directors of fbi and va  abolish the federa .
 dbongino please    potus    please close the border   then go full speed ahead and finish the wall .
 tumisole just take the dog s poo and go to her home and slap it on the wall finish  my next door neighbour used to .
robert romano   trump cant finish the wall fast enough  apprehensions on s  border top 103 000 in march  with not .
 vintage antique bronze finish vintage bathroom wall mounted set       here is a 10   discount y .
need a product to create textured walls and ceilings  prem texture is the perfect product for you  .
 justinisreal odors and humidity  i e  musty dirt smells  enters into the basement from this cove joint  i want to .
 mutant musician  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump probably more fraudulent  s spent in 2018 in medicare alone than would take to finish the wall.
 writeonsteph my advice is to pace yourself  it s really fun  and it s worth it to finish  but not if you have the .
in other news  i stayed up until 4am to finish my 3rd case study on congestion pricing  it ended up being 14 pages  .
they keep looking but coming up empty time after time  must fix immigration immediately and finish the wall for saf .
finish the wall .
 ladyredwave  realdonaldtrump stop  the invasion mr president       hurry and finish  building the wall    plzzzzzzz.
 realdonaldtrump please stay the course on this   we are counting on you to protect us  amp  right the wrongs that have .
 realtt2020  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump this is our president and we are proud of him  maga  and finish the wall.
 danielle nicc i think he could use a winger who can do the dirty work  first back in dz  good on the wall  etc   l .
this is sickening  he consider the 5 year old girl chunky  amp  made her run sprints  do sit ups  amp  wall squats as pun .
new prussian blue feathers trio  lovely simple watercolour painting of feathers with dark edges to finish the look .
new prussian blue feathers trio  lovely simple watercolour painting of feathers with dark edges to finish the look .
 realdonaldtrump i agree  lazy dems   ty for staying in dc  finish the wall     free press is illegal press   lock them up.
 barstoolsports  kfcradio you finish the job and commando crawl underneath the wall to the non handicapped stall .
 curiouswavefn  a aspuru guzik  kebotixinc thats also what they call the burrito at our local tex mex place that i .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump so obamas part of the wall   then why are you against trump for wanting to finish it .
 realdonaldtrump close the border    finish the wall   send asylum seekers to sanctuary cities   thank you pr .
 nabeelkay i swear after billy strangled dinah i thought she died and when amy went after john i was ready for him .
 serremmy  jonz970  doitnxs  ctanner3  raducom  paulbutz3  birchjonh  rodhillis1  bebelibra  tapia79r4p  misspunk63 .
 realdonaldtrump when does your vacation end  please provide the location of the new fence installion  i guess th .
 realdonaldtrump keep the pressure up on the dem socialists and fix broken bad immigration laws  no asylum  no chai .
im so tired that i walked right into a wall in my dream  huh  perhaps i am subconsciously hitting the wall to pr .
 saracarterdc  cityofyuma finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump you are a builder   how about finish the wall much faster in 2019   end of illegals crossing  .
 replancegooden stop the invasion of america now finish the wall faster triple ice and border patrol stop catch and .
i refuse to stop educating ppl on what we are going through at the tx border finish the wall  resist  feminism  soc .
 rex the furious sl has at least  16mil in funding since 2016  so they probably didnt need more funding to finish .
 scottpresler i hope that child sues the hell out of everyone of those dem rats       trump 2020   finish our dam wall .
this is a oak hardwood cross that spells the name of jesus  it is handmade  amp  sanded to a smooth finish  the cross c .
 shaunknox4  trumprocks4u  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump semantics is the worst form of debate    new wall  old wall i .
i have so much love for  homesunderthehammer at this point  id like to think im a bit of an expert  yet i have no .
 realdonaldtrump forget democ rats  finish the wall and problem solved    america first .
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall mr  president.
 kamalaharris take the money you were going to spend on this never going to happen campaign and help some homeless .
 karithna i need to finish reading the books  also now watching the last seasons  i thought i had only watched the .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump finish the wall.
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump if you re building the wall now why not be quiet and finish the wall   oh wait you are lying    i get it now.
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall  .
 kamalaharris option1   fully finish building the wall      option2   quit influencing central americans to enter illegally       pick one.
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall  congress .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please.
 cnn  jaketapper no one who has not experienced hitting the wall like this can even begin to imagine the grit and h .
 repmattgaetz  deb2nine of course thats why the hords of border jumpers is on the march  get free welfare before we can finish the wall .
finish the wall  secure our southern border and let s never forget those people who were killed by illegal aliens  .
they were deadass waiting for us to finish n moaning abt how long we were taking but the other wall      was comple .
 ramco  hilux boards are taking over the furniture industry as a perfect replacement for wood  plywood  amp  mdf with t .
 trump  buildthewall      we have to finish the wall quickly to protect us from venezuela government cocaine planes fly .
mixed colour rock panel wall cladding combines brown  grey and golden colours  the rustic finish provides a distinc .
 beels finish the wall   lol      who wants to tell them .
 howardkurtz go figure  the rest of the democrap field running let bernie set the pace and now they have to play ca .
i m with president trump  congress must support national security and fund the wall    finish the wall.
 a mixtape of poems  wall to wall bangers innit .
the best thing for us would be just to finish fifth or sixth  rebuild in whatever way the glazers means allows us .
 boblister poole amber rudd s hastings rye constituency is close to the 1066 battlefield where king harold died fig .
around 5350m of p clad  our  brick faced external wall  cladding system  has been used to help create  godivaplace .
 mattgaetz i thought the new slogan was  finish the wall    .
okay    looking for someone to come finish painting my living room  ive got the paint  amp  supplies  it just needs fini .
 hillaryclinton i still thank god everyday since crooked hillary lost amp  barack opiece ofshit left office    thank god .
trump cant finish the wall fast enough as apprehensions on southern border top 103 000 in march .
we have to finish the wall   thank you donald j trump and law enforcement for doing all you can legally    god help .
 jfnyc1  usedgov finish the wall already .
ebola   texas border  congolese migrants     finish the entire wall asap        realdonaldtrump .
 andrewpollackfl  realdonaldtrump close the border and finish the wall  sanctuary cities are illegal and that s a p .
 fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti we have to finish the wall     catch and deport immigrants    .
yuma  arizona mayor declares emergency over migrant situation   finish the wall         .
 realdonaldtrump legalize cannabis and use the 5billion the government just received from the sales tax and finish the wall .
 cher 3  finish the wall asap   what i am trying to say here is that none of you people with gates and estates are .
 powertripbets  chris hawkey or on the way to finish some dry wall .
 mitchellvii finish the darn wall and  lose the border  expel all illegals  they are lawbreakers .
 karolweavile perhaps we should finish patching up the wall .
i dont know  the ten inch dick on my wall looks pretty great as is         my limited  showgirls poster is only availa .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz who cares                                                                 enforce ex .
trump america first  trump can amp rsquo t finish the wall fast enough as .
trump cant finish the wall fast enough as apprehensions on southern border top 103 000 in march     via  limitgovt.
hey tic toc  finish the wall not a bot thanks for the follow .
 jpyoung27  jali cat  dhsgov  fbi  realdonaldtrump  senatemajldr  gopleader  cher i have said this time after time .
the gorgeous solid wood shelves are crafted from sustainable paulownia  lightest to strongest ratio wood species in .
 elpasotimes close the border and finish the wall .
.
trump cant finish the wall fast enough as apprehensions on southern border top 103 000 in march  via  limitgovt.
silly thing i worked on whilst working on the test map area for  billiebustup  might finish it once there are new m .
i couldnt finish everything i wanted to finish but the wall that i really wanted to do its done and turned out so .
jesus christ is the only way          trump can t finish the wall fast enough as apprehensions on southern       daily to .
 serremmy  galleydiana5 i would support it more if he would finish the wall and turn people around   they can be dr .
kirishima was leaning his ass into a dildo  one with a suction cup that hed secured to the wall  bakugou had seen .
i support man u  but we have  ole  degea  pogba  sanchez  lukaku  we must finish at top 4 in epl   it s drives me u .
 bannableo they must have been after i quit  then  up until the point that i stopped playing i literally could not .
finish the wall now .
 34fryingpana22  gracielovesusa  gammonslayer1  schanette55  hwaynewaters  t2gunner  dickiealan1  chrispbaconlt .
i hate the fact that despite being stuck off work i still cant motivate myself to finish my half done projects     .
 cosmicpuncher the urge to finish the man off was strong  yet she resisted for the sake of the family  instead she .
 freshasketch start banging on the wall when the finish their song to show you appreciate it.
 realdonaldtrump will you be playing all your greatest hits   no collusion  rep  omar must die  i m obsessed with a .
 breitbartnews  speakerpelosi    good   thanks to president trump we have a wall there   if it was up to the crooked dems .
the high shine finish and linear design will create an elegant look in any luxury bathroom    view the radiator here  .
 realdonaldtrump close the border  finish the wall and watch the opioid epidemic vanish and crimes against our citizens drop .
and find the answers to every question  in a painting on the wall  or in a rose window  the light peaks through at .
 speakerpelosi naaaanncccyyy    shes trying to get rid of you    watch your back with her    and read this   your b .
 sarahpalinusa  tangelo1999 well  firstly you can get your hollywood cronies to get behind our president and finish .
what a finish     it came right down to the wall and it was  freyaandersonn of  titansellesmere who claimed it at th .
give them red meat  to impeach     then vp can give pardon   amp  finish the wall     make trump acting ag    to prosecute .
 brletichdennis  govtimwalz  senamyklobuchar  tinasmithmn  angiecraigmn  ilhanmn close the border  build and finish .
 a humane being  flotus  ftbraggnc head south before they finish they finish the wall.
the camellia white  amp  gold wave wall mirror is a stunning addition to  contemporarydecor  the mirror features a thre .
 ajenglish so    finish the wall still .
finish the wall .
.
just need to no more nails it to the wall and finish putting stuff on the walls and we are done        pokemon .
original c  1894 louis sullivan designed chicago stock exchange building first floor three arm cast bronze wall sco .
 trump cant finish the wall fast enough as apprehensions on southern border top 103 000 in march .
 breitbartnews we could just change immigration laws  finish the wall  and move on to something else  like infrastr .
finish the wall with armed guards .
 cooksupastory like all marathon runners  you hit  the wall  and have to push past it to the finish line  lol.
hope i can finish you anytime soon not as good as the profesionals work but i still want to hang you in my wall i w .
finish the wall    .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump president trump close the border now  and finish the wall we cannot take anymore in .
 realdonaldtrump we know already  start prosecuting the coup detat traitors  close the border  freeze immigration .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile nothing but a distraction  finish the wall   .
 captain16tv  fortnitegame come on  man  he was just trying to finish building the u s  border wall .
washington d c  is the 3rd most rat infested city in the u s    drain the swamp rats     impeachpelosi   impeach congress .
baby s is due today but no sign of him yet  so to pass the time ive created some wall art to finish off the nurser .
love the forest luxe trend  our new richmond pebble grey paired with a dark tone wall makes a real statement  anoth .
 realdonaldtrump now can we bring down the real perpetrators clinton s obama s soros fbi and the rest of the minnow .
trump pence finish the wall   democrats need to commit .
trump cant finish the wall fast enough as apprehensions on southern border top 103 000 in march   bordercrisis.
 nikkihaley they voted for sanctuaries  amp  we need to put   them somewhere thank god for our great president donald j t .
 realdonaldtrump they voted for sanctuaries  amp  we need to put   them somewhere thank god for our great president donal .
 shannoneffects1  cajun chick 25  bigpapaphattz time to finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  cher they voted for sanctuaries  amp  we need to put   them somewhere thank god for our great president .
 benshapiro they voted for sanctuaries  amp  we need to put   them somewhere thank god for our great president donald j t .
 apstickel  sfm now actually  uga made it to the final level 2 years ago but didnt finish  make fun all you want  .
president trump is taking a stand on border security and i stand with him   buildhiswall  finish the wall .
 gavinnewsom i think the wall should be between communist kalifornia and the folks who make this country great not .
honduran woman who complained about the food  via  youtube shit like this is why the media l .
 hardikpatel   ahmedpatel  priyankagandhi  sherryontopp  satavrajeev  rahulgandhi  ashokgehlot51  jm scindia .
 hillaryclinton quit worrying about his taxs and start worrying about how you are going to decorate your cell in gi .
 kamofine wall finish texture offers a rich and classy selection of varied texture designs  amp  styles that protect yo .
take a look at this  splendid project by geometrie  arredamenti using  linvisibile s vertical  pivot  doors        the .
 joshuajameson  womperspoon europe had chance with germany to be independent and it failed  it s game over for you .
even our potus suspects foul       remember 9 11 people   the scum went after our pentagon   our trade center and e .
 realdonaldtrump pumbafu  realdonaldtrump when are you going to finish the wall.
just pinned to farmhouse and americana decor  primitive rustic stars  when it comes to large pretty metal wall cloc .
side note anyone wanna hang up the other wall lamp and my shelves and put together a new desk for me and hang up a .
 realdonaldtrump i am sure that france will finish rebuilding the norte dame cathedral before you build  the wall  .
 repescobar  cbp lets finish the wall    american people first .
 realdonaldtrump orange clown  fake christian  created a mess by making threats to finish the wall   it back fired .
 lapdhollywood  lapdhq  myla311 just tried calling as this guy was spray painting the wall and got passed around 5 .
 realdonaldtrump thats what happened  we need consequences  and we are counting on you sir  and hold the line on i .
 fairimmigration god save the usa from the invaders   finish the wall now .
please imagine me forming a wall between my two rabbits as i feed them snacks because oreo will finish hers first a .
 peterlcurry  davidjurban  donaldjtrumpjr not when we take back house  keep senate  re elect president trump  appoi .
 dracofav we had most of the room painted but we built a half wall over the railing that we had so we had to finish .
 craigco62  thinkprogress finish the wall lmfao it hadnt even been started   like lambs to the slaughter these trump robots are.
me  im gonna make my second short comic for thesis a lot simpler so i dont end up stuck on the backgrounds and deta .
 cher  lwhaynes cher this is exactly what president trump wants to do   the free flow of immigrants is the problem  .
great pass by tavares off the wall and an even better finish by johansson .
 fuctupmind my building caught fire to  i believe there are just enough bricks left to finish the wall  .
 cher finish the wall  .
 missscarlett jo okay then we ll do it when i finish work    or you ll have to stand by the freezing ice wall to keep me company  jon jokes.
   oh yeah  i need to finish a link between worlds  my dumbass only got past the intro and getting the wall power thingy    .
         the classic design this oversized 30 inch black wall clock with ro .
revit wd hack  always account for your finish thickness in creating your walls       so don t use a  225mm masonry wall .
 fortnitegame i was playing stw and a construction bot was in the wall so it was impossible to finish the mission.
 meetthepress  chucktodd  kellyannepolls if you let kc finish a semtence you would learn the president has offered .
i really felt this monday   but i was able to finish a wall today tomorrow need to finish 2 walls and a table hopef .
 realdonaldtrump thank you mr  president  promises made and promises kept  more to come  finish the wall    .
the flanges  wall connectors  contain 2 display and 2 real screws  i available in 3 finish options  espresso  natu .
 winstoncupdad  bluetickboy11  stonedhelton this year  he s had one speeding penalty  on him   three races with wre .
about to finish up this awesome dragonfly wall hanging   i just need to add the crystals and borders   i ship world .
 gavinnewsom you are the sick one  finish the damn wall and fix the laws    stop fighting  potus.
the american people need to understand that western civilization in europe is dead  and it was caused by them allow .
now if we can just get rid of all these socialists and finish the wall        buildthatwall .
 elishaengland82 just cut off all foreign aid to mexico and see how fast they wake up  then use that aid to finish the wall  done deal.
that moment when u finish shower  sit and just stare at the wall     is it just me  .
when you finish watching game of thrones and you can hear through the wall your neighbours have just started    .
halves finish 1 1 between arsenal and rsl  1 0 rayados over tfc       arsenal needs a convincing win and now go into th .
 potus  bad idea  only gives dem sanctuary cities more dem voters  amp  their citizens higher ta .
 stephenmilleral  bad idea  only gives dem sanctuary cities more voters  amp  their citizens hig .
 realdonaldtrump  bad idea  only gives dem sanctuary cities more voters  amp  their citizens hig .
let illegal aliens do all their driver s license fueled voting in blue states where the damage to our national elec .
start and near finish  just have to mount it on my wall  sorry for the crap background lol .
talk all things robotics and ai with techcrunch writers      this thursday  well be hosting our third annual robot .
 realdonaldtrump  americans better realize that isis and other terror groups are continually .
 razorsmack1  briteeye777  phyllissutherl8  debwrightjones  ctanner3  charles63103679  dgurl12345  adamjoskowicz .
 my3monkees  patriotjackib we finish that wall yesterday  we vet every person applying for immigration without exce .
 realdonaldtrump do it  lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please.
robin l  henderson coming in clutch with the drywall  thank you  now i  but really charles watson jr   can finish t .
 aoc like finish the wall   find a solution for illegal immigrants coming here.
send them back and guard the wall  we need to finish what we started  .
 jpyoung27  gaye gallops  ciravo  gop  potus then its time to deport all illegals     finish the wall and crime will .
 realdonaldtrump yes send the illegal aliens to  gavinnewsom house  amp  he will beg like a dog to us to finish the wal .
 realdonaldtrump  cher wow  i agree too   we have to fix our immigration laws  stop the anchor baby loophole  stop .
mr  president    finish the wall      president trump says new border wall  looks great     .
 realdonaldtrump yes we  the american people agree with you  hold the line  finish the wall  amp  deport all illegal aliens    maga .
 lennthaman  nordicann  bgarlinghouse  hodor  matveevp  rtb dutchy  bobbimarquez197  xrpbooboo  ckjcryptonews .
cu tng wll funnl trffc twrd prt f ntr        finish the wall .
 r dizzy yea you re such tough guy on the other side of the country  what a hard ass  wanting to meet up to fig .
 garway95  lexa merica  chilllingwithme  lathenerd  adrienne711  america13215243  jjpatriot  cindy nurse  fordmb1 .
trying something new this week  i had my students identify kind things to say to each other  when we start to tire .
 charliekirk11 they voted for sanctuaries  we need to put   them somewhere thank god for our great president donald j .
 realdonaldtrump and we ll never forget if you don t finish the damn wall as promised   buildthedamnwallnow .
 comfortablysmug  donaldjtrumpjr you they voted for sanctuaries we need to ship them somewhere thank god for our gr .
 rambobiggs finish the wall and yes  by all means  deport them all      maga  .
dejjal i see a sign saying to finish the wall    how can you finish something that was never started  did you lie t .
 cnnbrk finish the wall       .
ben moore wall paint is my personal preference  glidden is 2nd  the problem is finding a trim paint in satin finish .
 judicialwatch any and all remittance to a foreign country should be taxed   and taxed at a rate to discourage it   .
 realdonaldtrump  jorgeramosnews  andres manuel  let congress be just   the visa for yanqui investors to cross the wa .
pentagon announcement may have just delivered 2020 to trump  wall constr     via  youtube .
our tm25v offers the complete shower tray  amp  enclosure package       stainless steel waste grid  amp  high flow vortex waste .
quick video from  barryroubaix1 from the  cycliq cameras showing start finish  sager road and the mad wall  .
 realdonaldtrump     immigration laws and vote in favor of sufficient funds to finish building the entire wall    .
 deplorablem1ke  geometricvertex yes  and id probably be willing to pay a lot of money to see that  im sure it wo .
no bullshit i might have to do both to make the shit look easy    not gonna be hard    make a beat  kill it  rap it .
america haters  speakerpelosi  amp  comrade  senschumer refuse to protect americans by finishing the wall  yet they car .
one of our new textured wall collection finished  metallic mineral copper  metallic copper tones are conveyed in th .
miguel martinez  44  previously deported in 2005 and a registered sex offender in california  was arrested in louis .
let the race begin  it s wall to wall boston today during the classical radio boston marathon    let your hometown .
 realdonaldtrump please just quietly finish the wall  put troops at the border  and put an end to this nonsense  thank you .
 seanseaevans working my way through hot ones start to finish  just on the  mattymatheson show  and still confused .
lets finish the wall  start replacing our decaying infrastructure  and keep america moving forward .
under the national emergencies act  pres trump already had all of the authority he needed to finish the job on the .
roca wall mounted bath shower mixer   committed to the perfection of a finish that whisks us away to a universe gover .
saturday april 20th drive  walk to visit the last remaining hydro power station  after the power station visit  you .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump let s finish the wall then we can get better immigration laws and keep am .
 realdonaldtrump start moving their little buddies to la today  make it number one priority  then maybe pelosi and .
 annettegh86  anncoulter the one thing is he cant just take the money and build now  so while the court fights it .
agree  amp  finish the wall .
 jim banks  petebuttigieg  davidaxelrod obama gave the country away  our president trump is taking our country back .
 realdonaldtrump send them to sanctuary cities  close the border and finish the wall.
finish the wall now .
 realdonaldtrump brilliant plan  give the illegals to sanctuary cities then maybe they will come to their senses an .
 politico    finish the border wall .
 donaldjtrumpjr finish the wall and change some laws     maga.
 rob newport no  youll never be happy with the builders finish  so you can use the money to get a decorator  no .
famous for offering choice  you are able to select many of the finer details that help individualise your new house .
 5 star review from nickola p  .
 charliekirk11 you voted for sanctuaries  amp  we need to ship them somewhere thank god for our great president donald .
 hermend  you finish up your season 6 and 7 first    you go stand and face the wall go .
 eugenegu  realdonaldtrump you mean like the wall pelosi  clinton  and schiff wanted and voted for  or do you mean .
i came back from japan trip from one day and go to paint a quick wall under the rain the last day of yellow jam in .
i came back from japan trip from one day and go to paint a quick wall under the rain the last day of yellow jam in .
when i finish this have no idea what i m going to do with this because my grandma is gone smack the hell out of me .
we need to finish the wall  close the border with exceptions for commercial trade to allow assimilation and finish .
 cher finish the wall.
 veenamkay  momishstyle you think after the horseshit breaking the 4th wall they spend so much time emphasizing the .
 havokhawk but we can afford an additional expense with no planned finish date or cost     remember  the money trum .
 realdonaldtrump send them where they came from  why should we be housing them  finish the wall and lock em out  le .
these are the wips i m working on i hope can finish soon      1  black knight  fire emblem path of radiance   radiant d .
 saibogushinobi  i am    scaring you        she looked to him from beneath frazzled hair  fist tightening ever so sligh .
 realdonaldtrump drag them out to the border and build that wall as high and as deep as you want very little money .
 saibogushinobi  you wound me by not accepting what i want for you          in her anger  she slammed her fist against .
 charliekirk11 finish the wall and secure our border  the liberal left should move to south america if they love these people so much .
with led light display and a stainless steel finish  our 36 inch pro style wall hood is the perfect complement to o .
 mexpeach7 toffee baratheon   vanillannister   tyrionmisu         and if you finish the mountain in one sitting  you get your picture on the wall.
bran    do you know what the fuck is going on or not  bro   you can tell them about the wall falling and the dragon .
aint gon lie  i been overrrrrr this wall  finding the time to get up there and finish been tricky afff  iss hella .
 utdellis he probably will  he built the wall to keep the white walkers out  this time hell finish the job .
while climbing yesterday  one of my guy friends mentioned how he thinks its hilarious that i immediately drop to s .
channeled my inner 18 yr old self 2x today  1 tiger won the masters  amp  it took me back to sharing an apt w  4 girls .
 alsmiffy pod is gonna finish rowing around the world and fuck the night king  impressed by pod s miracle dick  nk .
second  the final scene with tormund  ed  and beric was ominous  but it also doesn t make any sense  they were at t .
 cher finish the wall        stoptheinvasion  walkawayfromdemocrats  potus  realdonaldtrump  blexit  factsmatter .
 laura payton i know right   like  i had trouble picking who i thought would finish on the throne  to me  they have .
cant believe that cher would agree with me    and i would agree with anything of her      but she is spot on this .
 cher cant believe that cher would agree with me       make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigra .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please.
 sonnywhee  ladyredwave  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi mr president   please close the border  and finish building .
how did  realdonaldtrump not finish building the wall  just go get some mats     .
i was about to get angry that i could hear my neighbors music through the wall but then i realized the only reason .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes thank you     president trumps approval rating hit 53     unemployment hit a 49 year low  .
started rewatching the last few episodes of last season too late today  now im on pace to finish beyond the wall .
 mcphie00 finish the southern border wall and deport all illegals in america   .
i m trying to finish my university studies  i just need to do my thesis project  but i can t start  i just don t th .
cher  i agree  now  let s get those immigration laws changed  amp  finish the wall   .
won t finish s7 before tonight  but i m not crazy that  beyond the wall  is one of the series  roughest  right  ope .
can someone write trump and tell him instead of building the wall to finish this damn valley expressway.
 tomfitton senseless      had we had better border security  amp  immigration laws    this  amp  many other crimes against amer .
 cher so    maybe we should finish the wall and halt immigration that isnt merit based until we get this mess under control  whaddaya say .
 cher so     now all the psychos in california want immigration control lol     the president is a master at making s .
i finished painting the baby room wall last week but had to finish up painting a dresser yesterday  we cleaned up f .
 colton wall exactly  so good players can easily get to what now  6400  its just as hard for people to finish at l .
 danieljhannan  conparty have had the opportunity  manifesto  a50  repeal bill  however the remainers were too many .
 bennyc1241 anyway the   is meaningless its the   you finish globally that matters and competition for that will be exactly the same.
 twisteddoodles i was nursing my son when i saw a mouse run along the opposite wall  without detaching the suckling .
 kaitmarieox  berniesanders the country so divided you can t even attend a pep rally  the communist  dictator is re .
theres been way too much down time between the masters finish and the start of game of thrones  ive kinda just be .
 berniesanders  realdonaldtrump thats a start and we need to tell mexico that we are closed until they stop the fl .
 stardustnine  rickbayne1  the unsilent   silvanamiller24 other politians and presidents talked about building a bo .
 chrissyteigen but has your mirror   fixed itself yet    mirror mirror on the wall       mirror  dont even finish you are nasty.
 tomilahren thought is was finish that wall can u and the right agree on anything .
 stumblerautos that s not a camaro  tho the chevelle ss you re showing is an 8  it s a nice black finish but those .
 yoyo ma  npr this guy needs to stay out of politics and the american s right to protect it s american citizens and .
the dishwasher was old  washer and dryer super noisy  the finish on my bathroom vanity was messed up  marks on the .
up at 6 to get to work early friday  stayed out past midnight in dc  up at 6 to volunteer on saturday  stayed up pa .
 kylie oneil75  kintu3 cory who   we don t want any illegals in our country anywhere  anytime   legal immigrants ar .
when heller went out to finish her shut out in the seventh  ehlen   rileyehlen   lofted the sphere over the wall in .
 mitchellvii trump      maga      finish the wall    .
 realsaavedra  sebgorka california is very heavily invaded by illegals  they re majority  at least in so  cal     the .
 3 24   to them and spoke thus to them  who has commanded you to build this temple and finish this wall  then  a .
 ilhanmn finish the wall  .
 gop  your must work with the president and finish the wall  .
 mayaxtae i may not be the best one when it comes to advice but ill try my best at it  set yourself a goal like i .
tiger woods wins the masters   the wall street journal  congrats to him  i couldnt finish watching bc life takes p .
dhs sec  nielsen out  time to stop catch and release  seal border     we must stop the increasing catch and release .
 cartier enrique  berniesanders listen here buddy      i rather say this in voice chat because you have my feathers .
we d like you to meet one half of our co hosting team  tom o boyle former reporter for the wall street journal and .
luka milivojevic set up a nervy finish after his free kick squeezed through the wall and found the corner of the ne .
thanks to  steelcitycon  i got to finish my bedroom villain pop art wall   nebula was the missing piece  i am soooo .
 donkeyslayer2  bbusa617 i guess that must be why they are not fighting it  i wish democrats would allow trump the .
translation the smartest thing hes come up with for socialists that refused to protect america  amp  finish put the w .
sliding in last minute to finish season 7  episode 6  beyond the wall  which i thought was the last episode but i am a fool .
 startnparkblog kyle probably runs in the top 5 more often but because he runs the old richard petty line so much  .
 jeff gluck just a meh race really  nothing happened for 350 laps and then aero brought us a close exciting finish  .
are democrats in bed with drug cartels  secure our border now  finish building the wall  .
 dinojl44  phishie philly  anthemrespect  potus  realdonaldtrump i know right  i can see it now  who is that in the .
 phishie philly  potus  realdonaldtrump may well be  yet once they re in they re in  there is not enough police in .
everyone is fleeing the city  holidays have officially started on this side of the wall  but i am using this  free .
 jali cat  herbert l reed  cbp  thedemocrats  leaderhoyer  potus  gopleader  erictrump  senatemajldr no sanctuary   .
 adriandt31 finish the wall and bus them to the other side of it .
tough but good race at long beach   the 85 had slight wall contact  and needed to stop for repairs which took sever .
free kick on the edge of the box an the  mcfc wall fell apart as milivojevic fired it into the bottom corner  tense finish in prospect .
california spent billions on a bullet train  lets finance the finish from the border to san francisco  ship a 100k .
the architect values the initial idea  didnt change much but still added a touch a class and contemporary architec .
 sethjoel1  frankfallon1969  ianianmclfc  dannlrlfc  maxington94  stephenk75  l4kop  dan23 92  scousekopite .
at this stage if the baby does anything less than turn up and go youve got a lovely finish on this wall mam  it m .
 imamofpeace and they call us nazi s  the progressives have lost  they will lose the house in 2020 when trump is re .
 realdonaldtrump by the way it is start the wall not finish rofl .
 petehegseth i never watched that show either  no desire to  my guess is the wall is the finish line  but i agree b .
build the wall    finish it  .
in  scarborough sat on the sea wall waiting for  loubird123 to finish her 16km run  .
 madisongesiotto california s governor wants them   california and all other sanctuary cities and states could have t .
the yellow wall looks incredible  the togetherness of norwich fans this year and the effort we have put in to suppo .
wrote this on a paper and pasted it on the wall of my room some time ago  it helped me get through my last semester .
thinking of buying london oak console table  read our latest review by gill m  .
so today will see me finally finish my beer board  about time right  been putting it off but a day at home today me .
 rexdaemonium   still pressed against the wall  it was all about the dealer and to get him off  while klaus would m .
 nevadajack2 finish the wall  deport them all  .
 thesubversion love love love purple rain  but off the wall all day  everyday  start to finish .
 lionelmedia finish the wall.
after spending all yesterday and today of constant moving into the new house  finally pretty much done  got to find .
 marlainedettlo2  jdish19581  janetlwood  realdonaldtrump other way  take all 30 million illegal immigrants into hu .
 realdonaldtrump send the illegal aliens criminals to  gavinnewsom house  amp  see how fast he comes begging like a dog .
 realdonaldtrump the usa also has the legal right to cap the number of refugees  bus them to the back of the line  .
new post  roommates disney pixar cars 2 friends to the finish peel and stick giant wall decals .
 realamericanus between 2000 14  there was an average of 138 679 562 filers   in 2014  there were 148 606 578    wh .
 mommyyourefunny  jmac2313  kennonh  dougrobersonajc  taylortwellman good point  i ve had a concussion myself  had .
the cop after pulling over two homosexuals in order to finish what the cops at stone wall started .
 lmchristi1  grgbkr37  gavinnewsom  speakerpelosi  repmaxinewaters  senkamalaharris  agbecerra  realdonaldtrump tex .
 astros lotta love for the outfielders tonight  especially jake who just picked up will harris by catching that bal .
 dylansmith34  kevinhollenbach  nascar let s not confuse a good finish for a good race  further  it was a good fini .
 ethanrheault so my guess would be they started at a focal length camera position that would frame the wall lights .
 mikkimgic i m sure i heard dsotm and the wall dozens of times as a kid  but i never really paid attention until th .
 realdonaldtrump  gop  gopleader    go ahead continuing finish build the wall while illegal immigrants sending to the .
 mebeandreaaolco  charr68204  lunch joe  bigsw1  r2017girl  klinduff  mollysam1986  bakerbill4  vincegottalotta .
 virgini42210768  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump andy    sanctuary cities have passed laws wanting illegals   you have 100 .
 4evernevertrump  realdonaldtrump sanctuary cities have passed laws wanting illegals    city that havent passed thos .
 adamcbest  realdonaldtrump make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigration    americas sustainabi .
 realdonaldtrump obama bussed illegals to so many cities across the country  i believe busses them all to ca is the .
we now offer a variety of sprayed colour finish that allows the design professional total freedom of expression dur .
throw back to one of our start to finish jobs  we renovated the house  did all paintings  wall paper  wall stickers .
 itsmecathi  realdonaldtrump cathleen burke  dont you dare speak for me and the millions like me who voted for tru .
 eugenegu  realdonaldtrump how can you say he doesn t care about border security  he wanted to fix the falling apar .
 carolyn90069734  realdonaldtrump i m sure they know better than me which would mean they support your president ju .
finish wall   then we wall off ca   infection control    then we wall off  the northern border from illuminati fagboy .
a long walk in the dark  soon be home   will finish the wall tomorrow  today.
talked with a stranger while waiting to finish taxes  she said she didn t mind paying in as long as   didn t go to .
 realdonaldtrump lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please shut down the border.
 realdonaldtrump make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigration    americas sustainability depend .
 realdonaldtrump make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigration    americas sustainability depend .
 realdonaldtrump dump all illegal aliens in  gavinnewsom house  amp  see how fast they will begg us to finish the wall .
 attiedits  nanoid thats one thing most people forget    if you don t finish your stuff you never really face difficu .
 realdonaldtrump yes they are all hypocrites send illegal aliens to california governor  gavinnewsom house so they .
 realdonaldtrump make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigration    americas sustainability depend .
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall    enough .
 realdonaldtrump  s223vaol just finish the wall   lock up the clinton s  and obummer and take the rest of the year .
clear bubble acrylic tubes offer a  contemporary look in the natalya bubble acrylic brushed nickel led wall sconce  .
 realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters that was a great day off golf  to bad some people can t just relax  and en .
and to finish it off the podium battle for gt ends up with the 66 in the wall after a poor exit  fairly large rear .
 realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters finish  the  wall  best  president ever   maga forever   .
 realdonaldtrump hire  kriskobach1787 to finish the wall u promised us .
 realdonaldtrump please hire  kriskobach1787 to finish the wall .
 idonotbreak head on the wall  she felt dizzy and tossed the magical sword over to vincent   your gonna have to fin .
i love my photo wall so far omg     dont mind the photos at the bottom im taking them down tomorrow to finish my w .
 harrietbaldwin  potus  realdonaldtrump maybe we could wall off new york and california   we could take them back a .
the full contact superstocks don t normally do pole shuffles but they gave it a shot anyway at huntly placemakers s .
  20 for 20   help us cross the finish line  .
 kellie2727paula make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigration    americas sustainability depend .
 mymynags  nj 2 fl  siddonsdan  gregnorberg  godsgirl158  kimberlymrsr1  carrieksada  juliereichwein1  femfoxx .
 mehik15 homework splat splat splat on the wall soda slosher  wont hurt me instead do all the homework packets the .
the hammond bronze cage pin up joint arm wall lamp is perfect for a study or  homeoffice  its metal construction fe .
 sxdoc make america sustainable    finish the wall and control immigration    americas sustainability depends on it        buildthedamnwall.
i cant stop thinking about terry rozier dapping up john wall on the bench before inbounding the ball and the ref r .
why dont they take the straight line to the finish line and make the swing to the pit wall    texastornado5  eurosport nl.
i had a dream last night idk who the lil hoe was but when i say i was whooping her man i was whoopin her  i was fin .
 ilhanmn where was all the hate when barack hussein built the cages that youre talking about  at least our preside .
why the fuck just leave him to become a zombie and u have a fing gun   this show is driving me up a damn wall but .
 secureamerica  colrichardkemp even if you finish the wall the damage is done.
when youre out for a training run past an inflatable 5k finish line that just lost generator power  you become a h .
 anncoulter i would ve bet the answer was  finish the wall  .
 washtimes  josephcurl  washtimesoped what a dumb article       the entire premise is stupid  the idea that trump faile .
excited to share the latest addition to my  etsy shop  mary and jesus wood carving wall hanging  oak wood  no stain .
 realsaavedra if we would finish the wall there would only be safe legal points of entry and those made up deaths w .
what r we waiting for  sanc cities begging for more illegals on every tv news station this weekend  bus them to san .
novel  you have to look me in the eye if you want to finish  its not pretty       wall  its ok  rest your eyes on me f .
 watanabesprings  dyongpi let me finish cleaning this shit up  yong left a couple of blood drips on the wall.
 sandrafcurley86  littlemainecoon  sassycassycat  scarboo  spicyandfriends  skittlesfriends  bloomnight2  mitsy2714 .
today was not the day to break big times or prs and i am totally ok with that  i fought hard  ran tough  and didn .
 majgarynichols  choctaw1812 the election of 2020 is a very important election  it will solidify the freedoms of th .
 realdonaldtrump please eliminate all benefits for illegals and use those funds to finish the wall .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn you mean finish the wall .
who knows if ill ever actually finish the project or officially release anything  but here is a demo of the first .
washington d c  is the 3rd most rat infested city in the u s    drain the swamp rats     impeachpelosi   impeach congress .
 nihonbashicap  anywaydoors i like the magnetic doors these days  much quieter    not a fan of the second door  dont .
 stitches spells naaah  that last part is to surreal   too   4th wall  esc for me  i genuinely want the night king .
this is an excellent solution to the immediate problem of mass influx of illegals  santuary cities have fought hard .
 ilhanmn ban them all build the wall finish the wall.
 realdonaldtrump  they need to work with the leader don t happen again or finish the wall or asylum and those city overwith illegal deported.
great touch and finish  lucasmoura7  keeping up the new tradition of scoring at the wall end    coys.
 rjhomer57  milkakostic we shouldn t ignore those who aren t on the wall  and why  i am the first woman in my famil .
finish  i made it  my colleagues were already there waiting for me  they saw that i had some trouble but they were .
 realdonaldtrump  jones kip they shouldnt  we do not trust the congress anymore in any way   realdonaldtrump weve .
we installed a 43  samsunguk  frame  tv using their unique no gap wall bracket  amp  chased cables in for superb fin .
 msnbc who is cindy mccain and why would i care what she has to say   realdonaldtrump build the wall  youve got us .
 realdonaldtrump facts thanks for building bridges w  north korea    thank god for our president donald j trump  his .
 grafitomi  filamentfrenzy  therealwelbot  wekster2507  dasmia3  pokon nurdspace  irblinx  choschiba  pim man .
 realdonaldtrump facts the fake news needs a revocable license   thank god for our great president donald j trump his .
 sassyinfidel we re in the middle of the battle grounds for sure  finish that damn wall  and start deporting    .
the pick n mix wall light range   all the 5 pick n mix shapes are available as wall lights   this is the cylinder i .
saturday  time to kick back  relax  decompress from a long week  mow the yard  clean the house  finish building tha .
 charliekirk11 facts shut the damb border immediately and send them to california    thank god for our great presiden .
large bore flexible connection made from epdm for outdoor use on power station       650mm bore x 600 mm long 6mm wall .
so weekend not going as i hoed so far  fell asleep on sofa before 9pm  again   woken by the dog at 5 50am  trying t .
this ornate round wall mirror is the fairest of them all  the heirloom style wooden frame features gorgeously detai .
 ewarren well when trump is reelected i want him to finish the border wall and fix health care stop the murder of babies    .
finally watched all of   fleabag  which was absolute genius from start to finish and somehow managed to make me fee .
my marble table from  dwelluk and dining chairs from  madedotcom have arrived  can t wait to put prints on the wall .
really glad that i went to the trip to beijing gone to the forbidden palace  tiananmen square  participated a lesso .
build the wall   buildthewall   maga  finish the wall please retweet pw32.
dear got fans        it s just a day left and i think we may have judged this man unfairly  we need to ask him what he  .
stocks rally  lifting s amp p 500 to its third winning week in a row      stocks notched solid gains on wall street on frid .
 ohio buckeye us  watchndaworld  icegov where is the media on this      horrific      close the border    finish the wall  .
please remember mr president once they get their receive all the free stuff provided by tax payers they re free to .
 insomniatic818  leecamp not trump    ok  and that s all i care about  he s our president   give me a reason why th .
 realdonaldtrump let s finish the dang wall with private funds and volunteers         stop all walkthrough gates      set u .
did i really finish my four years at guelph humber if i didnt get pictures at both the bridge and the plant wall  .
 piprincess  lisamei62 imagine how many of these children are forced into this barbaric liberal sociopathic behavio .
 cocoa bean10  anthemrespect greetings    build our wall    finish the wall for us    and then deport all those that .
 nytimes every dog has his day and trump and his deplorables are having ours right now  were going to stop them a .
 madisongesiotto  101asllc great idea  but who knows where they go from there   i live right outside of houston my .
red blaster    he s an elite assassin who likes to blow things up  he ll set booby traps all around to pin his targ .
finish the wall .
 tweethue really interested in the econic outdoor wall light  but the finish  being black clashes with the finish o .
 realdonaldtrump  hollywood  la  san francisco  nyc   amp  washington dc are nice sanctury cities         finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump finish that wall its important for the future  not now so much but later  war will come its impo .
 realdonaldtrump finish that wall  its important in the future  not now so much but finish it jesus christ is lord.
 spizzyspose i paid my homie to draw this at school ans they thought it was a drug deal and he got searched with a .
 realdonaldtrump amen sir god bless you and finish the wall close the boarder.
 realdonaldtrump yes send illegal aliens to california governor  gavinnewsom  finish the wall  deport all illegal a .
 whitehouse border patrol and finish the wall   .
 realdonaldtrump turn them away at the border and finish building the southern border wall  from a concerned native texan .
 repdancrenshaw facts she needs to be removed from office   i thank god for our great president donald j trump  his f .
 anthemrespect  dbongino after we finish the southern border wall  build one around her district  it ever better  d .
making a random character project ima just hang on my wall idk what im doing as you can tell  but its gonna take .
 tyjjw  cspan  annieb0823 my first choice would be to finish the wall  change immigration policies to deter immigra .
okay so  for some reason  whenever i finish recording my time with the nine  the recording just disappears       very o .
 wrestlejasmine knocked on the wall next to me to finish it .
 tex sedx  toryolson  nowthisnews  aoc  gop  some are dieing on the journey  others are being raped  some are carry .
 sleonard6179  cbparizona  whitehouse  cbp the wall is almost finished  it s like 95  done  all beautiful cleanconc .
eight second swims at the tyr pro swim series in richmond tonight  including a fifth place finish by david dixon in .
 kriskobach1787  illegal immigrants are now coming in expecting benefits  amp  employment authorization       kill the magn .
 gop  erictrump simple  over haul immigration policies and finish the wall  from to shore  this would be a great st .
 potus great idea sent illegals to nancy pelosi sancutary cities in california and to nancy pelosi county kamala ha .
finish the wall now    that should have been finished years ago  .
 poetry      it s a penalty filled affair   this life of mine   two minutes for slashing      i play how the team    wants me to .
 actbrigitte something tells me the left would soon be rushing to finish that wall .
 diamondandsilk i love the idea our president has by sending illegals to pelosis part of town  i guarantee in less .
    sorry darkeater midir came through the wall and obliterated me before i could finish that tweet i m typing this .
 blondie patriot  realdonaldtrump stop  no more  finish the wall .
 jillibean557 i don t like illegals or respect them   finish the wall and deport them all  .
excited to share the latest addition to my  etsy shop  urban jesus wooden wall crucifix  oak wood no stain satin fi .
 bamafanaticfan1  ruserious1288  realdonaldtrump if he can do that  he can ship them home  f get them out of the us .
 nobadmonkeys  eatkinson48  cajun chick 25  trump454545 so finish the wall   .
 ciaranwest  daraobriain maybe he used the proceeds to finish building that wall .
 cbprgv  whitehouse  txdps  usfws  cbp close the border tight and then finish the wall.
excited to share the latest addition to my  etsy shop  madonna and child wood carving wall hanging  maple wood  no .
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall and start investigating the dems and the obama administration   turnabout if fair .
seems like i wont finish my move into my new flat until the first weekend of may  too many things getting delivered .
misson     finish submit my paper    cook   clean my whole apartment    put together the wall mounts    put away all the laun .
update  i couldn t even finish my stupid joke tweet before a gust of wind pulled a seat cushion off the wall and ch .
 realdonaldtrump take them all to california and finish that wall  right up the eastern border of cali   .
house ds sue to stop wall  love it  it will show the corruption of the courts  trump should just ignore any court .
today like every day i see donations are needed for this or that       when illegals still coming  wall not finished an .
 saracarterdc  katrinapierson this crazy migration has to be stopped now   finish the wall.
 owlview  home  decor  interior      the dream is free the hustle is sold separately        3d wall panel  versace    10 0 .
he runs up the stairs   i empty my magazine into him  76 damage  i pull out my wingman   miss two  then 45  he goes .
 noahpinion i love the fact they ve changed their signs to finish the wall now even though it hasn t started being built.
 ntvnyr173  nickmiroff  rachaelmbade finish the wall and deport them all .
so  realdonaldtrump floated the idea of making leftist politicians pay for immigration stupidity by having sanctuar .
 dano863  realdonaldtrump 5 7 billion to finish the wall authorized by obama  while american tax payers r forced to .
 realdonaldtrump do it  send them all to california and finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump can we build the wall around downtown san francisco and just finish it s destruction by flushing the illegals there .
stop all the rhetoric and b        about the wall close the goddamn borders and fix the immigration problems once i .
finish the wall now because the crisis is here in the house democrats socialist are liars and against the american .
 texbrussow  mimimayes13  potus exactly   finish the damn wall .
 anncoulter ann you are outright a liar  our president has been fighting for close borders and will continue to fig .
 the fears you run away from run toward you  the fears you dont own will own you  but behind every fear wall lives .
this mitsurugi guide will show you 1 30 patch update   punish guide and wall combo guide      took me some times becaus .
 natalieabrand  cbsnews i am not agreed with the presidency of trump  the country is going to hell to stride  usa w .
 realdonaldtrump voter fraud may just be too strong in 2020 mr   president          how about we finish the wall with the army .
i need to finish decorating my bathroom i have no hooks up nor a picture on the wall.
 criha  realdonaldtrump dumping hundreds of thousands of immigrants onto the border cities with even less is just a .
 realdonaldtrump my dear president  the problem is they wont stay in the area  they will migrate to less expensive .
 realjameswoods all nancy wants is the taxpayer money she gets from the federal government to house these illegals  .
 realdonaldtrump people dying  amp  being raped  why wont you declare martial law at the border   cut off all welfare .
 realdonaldtrump another thought    randomly  close the borders for 2 days every week for a year        finish building t .
 fixthefells volunteer lengthsmen work party today on the elterwater lingmoor path with basecamp ranger rob   redef .
on my 514th rewatch ive finally come to appreciate the convos being had during beyond the wall  jon convo w  ber .
one of the students spontaneously decided to create a  wall of fame  to celebrate the great things that happened th .
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall .
feature wall is almost done  amp  spots are in     can see the finish line  .
 dom17550710 just a bit floating a wall on bricks to finish takes 3 weeks to finished down to the curing time.
 repdougcollins  realdonaldtrump if americans saw what the mexican narcos are doing with their victims for extra mo .
 infantry101a  robertschonhoff finish the wall .
always nice to finish the week on a high  really pleased with this tiny courtyard space that we finished up today  .
 realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  foxandfriends finish the wall.
the beauty of simplicity is celebrated with a classic rectangular mirror design  the brushed nickel finish on the p .
i hope i could finish painting the whole wall unit trmw  there s still lots to do  2nd emulsion and final gloss  i m .
 ewarren 1  repeal and replace aca with an affordable plan  not run by the government    2  defund sanctuary cities   3 .
 whitehouse finish the wall.
 krassenstein can we at least finish the southern border wall first  then we can talk northern border wall .
 whitehouse finish the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump please finish the wall   .
 arthurschwartz  donaldjtrumpjr  tedlieu facts can t we all just get along already    i thank god for our great presi .
 realcandaceo facts can t we all just get along already    i thank god for our great president donald j trump  his fa .
let s stop arguing with idiots   finish the wall  fix mass immigration nightmare get americans off the streets  hom .
let s refuse to discuss the mueller hoax at this point   let barr get to the bottom of all the nonsense  let s fini .
 seanmdav i still thank god everyday since crooked hillary lost and barack o piece ofshiff left office thank god fo .
 washingtonpost thank you mr  president for all you have done  next up finish the wall   best president at least in .
 jim jordan  senschumer i still thank god everyday since crooked hillary lost and barack o piece ofshiff left offic .
 realdonaldtrump  repdougcollins finish the wall  no amnesty  end daca  enact e verify  end chain migration  end ca .
 realdonaldtrump  washingtonpost lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass please shut down the border.
last day before we break up for easter  jodie is working on our  sgweberuk feature wall  she has split the wall in .
 yamiche until we secure our border and finish building the wall  the sanctuary cities should take them in .
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall.
 realdonaldtrump   close the boarder   finish the wall .
 oldcorpsgrunt cuomo i will never ever  step foot in new york   i will by pass your state i will work with the va a .
              our volunteers are axcited to finish the work at a .
 ewarren finish the wall  continue draining the swamp  lock all the coup conspirators up  give them fair but speedy .
 heartofthenorth  realdonaldtrump presidential   usa is in a political bar room brawl for our country with the libe .
 noahgragson try not to hit the wall today you just might get a good finish .
finish the wall         shut the border      help find this scum    lock them up .
and now ive hit the wall of delusion    singing along to camp rock as i try and finish this assignment.
just 2 months to go  amp  you could be making this incredible finish line sprint across the millennium bridge  complet .
 newsweek when will the wall finish its build.
president trump is taking a stand on border security and i stand with him   buildhiswall  finish the wall for o .
build the wall   buildthewall   maga  finish the wall please retweet pw31.
finish building the wall    .
finish the wall  .
oooh my mental strength   right now uhmm not so sure  can you just wait till i finish staring at the wall for like .
there is an  india  pakistan cricket match on tv  you finish work at office  beat rush hour traffic  park your car .
good morning  were are getting an early start today to finish out the week strong  wll be here until 19 00 and we .
there is an  india  pakistan cricket match on tv  you finish work at office  beat rush hour traffic  park your car .
challenge yourself through torturing platforms with a lot of deadly traps  learn all kinds of useful moves and tric .
challenge yourself through torturing platforms with a lot of deadly traps  learn all kinds of useful moves and tric .
 indiegamerchick 1   the game is fluid and you feel like a rush to finish the stage as fast as possible    2   the wa .
 inavarone  kitten0fdoom im thinking of also making a winterfell or some castle once i finish the wall.
guy then starts talking about it being injustice  prof tells him hell give him one more chance to turn in  guy jus .
 agentc101 im playing blade and soul and i was so caught up in doing the main story i forgot about the wind walking .
finish the wall around angry conservative male white domestic terrorists  .
 ryanafournier jackson cosko needs to get working on building the wall  once done  he can go to jail to finish his sentence .
hubby put my writing desk back up after tearing down the wall it had been on  ready to finish book 2  what do your .
 realdonaldtrump but refuses to spend 1 dime to solve the crisis we have at our southern border       make america sust .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump thank you   president trump   now   finish the wall        cut out welfare and offer workf .
 colin42463552 when the central banks are shut down letting all us moneys be deposited in other countries  of us ea .
skarlet lets out a grunt as her neck was pinned against the wall  soon gripping her hand onto her adversarys       he .
 sportstalkbarry beyond the wall was the greatest bad episode of all time  like  it made no sense and there were so .
 gop  senatemajldr yes it is  close the border  stop all money to illegals  deport  finish the wall  freeze immigra .
    started filling out the left side of the waterfall wall but didn t finish  i forgot my phone inside and by the .
 realjameswoods  hthrjo good  sell california to mexico and use the money to finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass declass please shut down the border.
there is this piece of tape thats been holding my curtain to the wall for like two years and as i stripped it off .
ive been making good progress in physical therapy and then today i hit a huge wall and couldnt finish the session .
 marshapatriot  realjameswoods  snoflaketrigger  washingtonpost how freaking idiotic   they think we are stupid   t .
 dbongino we could sell tickets to their sentence hearing and make a fortune   we could use the money to finish building the wall .
 vp  potus  maga  shutdowntheborder   raises for  cbparizona    finish the wall      protect americas sovereignty.
rearranging furniture is the best high known to man  also can someone finish my half wall for me .
a few new ocean inspired metal art wall hangers fresh out of the shop        the mahi is 14  2 layers with standard mah .
 realdonaldtrump finish the wall.
a dramatic point stalk finish on this new yangtze limestone wall provides contrast and texture to the facade of mer .
this is the kind of propaganda the  gop spreads    finish  the wall  .
 therealholli it means i have built miles of wall  don t believe the fake news that tells you it s a fence  it is w .
 nrcc they haven t started trump s racist wall  what the fuck do you mean by finish    a white male was just arrested .
 realdonaldtrump is there no power in the executive branch to do the  the dod has allocated some monies to build an .
 realdonaldtrump and it only going to get better       finish the wall and shoot down anything that flies over it .
 finishthewall finish the wall .
finish the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump finish that wall and this numbers will go through the roof    maga.
 kamalaharris finish the wall   end anchor babies   then mothers will no longer risk their lives and the lives of t .
one of today s jobs in armadale        tv mounted on the wall with a new socket behind    new socket also added behind un .
 realdonaldtrump may be the first president of modern times to being able to finish his term s with the final words .
  cbp released the march border figures yesterday      total apprehensions   inadmissibles  103 492      90  of all heroin .
city softball did not disappoint     springfield high and shg combined for 21 runs and gave us a dramatic finish    kir .
 hoya97  scottadamssays  epochtimes by finish the wall   do you mean put even the smallest dent in it   cuz  thas s .
 petrovawithfire elijah looked up quickly  becoming more nervous as klaus appeared before them   he took a sideways .
 waytoowitty  li0n fish  keybrains the black zero even and superman vs zod scenes  combined  are less than 20 minut .
but why didnt he finish to the wall     .
 sassy ryan those movies on yo wall eh  i used to think i was the only one mad about those movies  i m yet to finish d originals.
 dailycaller although much needed  this is replacing the crap wall thats there   only a tiny portion of tx has a w .
 realdonaldtrump good job man  im proud  now go and finish the wall already  theres a reason why they have to com .
if trump would just finish the damn wall for real as promised and deport every  illegal  immigrant he d be at 90  a .
 bpatterson ii  siriusmatdj  orthospherian  gregshugar  realtomrhall  realdonaldtrump funny that i live on an army .
yes yes yes voter id now now triple ice and border patrol now stop catch and release e  verify and deport finish th .
 loudobbs  clewandowski   realdonaldtrump  david bossie obummer had to know about it    and it probably started as .
 hillaryclinton i still thank god everyday since crooked hillary lost and barack o piece ofshiff left office thank .
 drtoddacurry  sgadarian  khallion i just love  khallion  i m waiting on one more awesome postcard to finish this w .
 shenanigansen i really need to go pick up my mother in law at the airport    so i ll just finish painting the wall.
i am a trump supporter  amp  here s why   i am pro life  christian  i love my country  i support our military  all live .
 realjack i would be happy to pay a  50 bucks to get the wall done and finish the job asap it s simply unbelievable .
 breitbartnews so rich so vibrant this culture   finish the damn wall already .
which is what makes it so fucking aggravating that i ain t able to finish it  i ve battered my head off the wall on .
finish the wall  .
another  nevertrump narrative put to bed  realization of the promise president trump made to secure the us southern .
 realdonaldtrump great job  mr  president  congratulations on your success  you have singlehandedly saved america f .
cadet competitive challenge this week was the  wall sit    congrats dylan shelton and team denner for taking home t .
7th graders finish one wall of the shed  pltworg  stpetersolney .
set 4      lindsay stalzer breaks down the wall for the finish  f2 logistics eliminates foton tornadoes blue energy   .
hell yeah  finish the wall    .
 ewarren  1 re elect trump    2 finish the wall    3 get rid of crooked democrats.
bubunja  sisi  they are hateful  finish and klaar  twitter is  for them  a way of living the hate while hiding behi .
 lisamei62 thats more like it  finish the wall .
 realdonaldtrump lock her up finish the wall declass declass declass declass please shut down the border and it will be 100 .
congrats  gop   i just saw the wall   the wall is finished    finishedthewall       next step       finish the healthcare          maga.
 realdonaldtrump they  the demonic rats  profit off of illegal criminal infestation in america and the programs for .
 harley grin  gailsimone i made that mistake the first time i did a mural  i drew it directly on the wall and then .
 realdonaldtrump mr trump reject them dems and make all the democratic parties go straight to hell ok finish the wall now save usa citizens.
the master ensuite features a black and bold classy concept  brick like tiles and a contrasting wall floating cabin .
 americasnews  foxnews as i sent to the nm ag  there is a nm statute that allows private citizens to make arrests w .
 billtufts  dctftw team trudeau is finished       dead economy      shrinking middle class       broken electoral system      expon .
 ewarren  1 stop illegal immigration.
 nikkimcr hate to tell you this  nikki  i am a latino born in the usa who is fed up with illegal immigration   i do .
us court upholds most of california s  sanctuary  migrant laws      the trump administration lost a court bid thurs aim .
 worldenron  meralhece  borisjohnson  nigel farage don t be utterly ridiculous    borisjohnson wants  controlled im .
 donaldjtrumpjr they rank and file are gullible and have been deceived as the adam and eve were in the garden by sa .
 clarkgal  nytimes so is illegal immigration.
 kcalamur the real hidden crisis isn t illegal immigration  it s the invisible wall to legal immigration happening .
 johnzaremba3  senschumer do some research  the economy has been on a steady incline since the recession and unempl .
need a wall between america and mexico to stop a illegal immigration and terrorism   realdonaldtrump.
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
 thehill and what about congress and city leaders who refuse to hold up the law regarding illegal immigration and h .
 govmlg these are illegal immigrants who are violating exploiting our immigration laws and putting an incredible fi .
 dlind illegal immigration is slavery  legal immigration is liberation .
 rodinfla  tomilahren illegal immigrants cannot vote  literally all 50 states were hacked and immigration has on ov .
 senstabenow let it go     gig is up and time to focus on illegal immigration and other business of the nation  dems are pathetic .
 conservmillen vaccinations never get brought up when people are crying to force a massive influx of people from th .
ice executes its mission through the enforcement of more than 400 federal statutes  and focuses on smart immigratio .
dear denying dems      can you please explain why the mayor of yuma  az declared a state of emergency        not for any re .
 johnpavlovitz false  anti illegal immigration and pro american   best president ever.
 altruist     zabantsundu6  hlangusir  julius s malema  paulivw surely the task is to strengthen border controls an .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 951leroy  crackerals  ktla a wall is not going to stop illegal immigration  considering nearly 70  of all illegal .
 edelmanpr any better reason to stop illegal immigration straining our resources .
another win   the trump administration lost a court bid on thursday aimed at striking down california s  sanctuary  .
 senschumer are you kidding me   you are have been the swamp for many  years   trump is merely the alligator with a .
 corybooker if you want to represent our country s people then why are not trying to stop illegal immigration  we c .
the left is too busy to apologize  they are buy shovels at lowe s  amp  home depot to dig up more dirt  what a waste of .
 3hdmonsta  daniel dupaul  viasimonromero  ninainsardi  nytimes so is illegal immigration    i love the selective outrage   .
 rvalegend  dolphindemvoter this is the most frustrating aspect of this whole illegal immigration argument  i belie .
 pkelpe  kengude  kevinmkruse and what exactly has he done  reduced your taxes  tried to stop illegal immigration  .
once again  housedemocrats   do nothing to fix the border problems and protect americans from illegal immigrants   dr .
 scotty 2017  toddhagopian  time victims of trafficking     illegal immigrant  trafficking isn t immigration     you .
 sensherrodbrown dude  i got the biggest refund ever and paid less in taxes than we ever have  we are in our 30s a .
 natashabertrand such bs   where was this to see the entire clinton investigations  how about the fisa  s  how abou .
themes to all americans like  for instance  illegal immigration is not good for the country    now  they don t   th .
 saberx01  dougallday dated meme  but cuts to the chase     individual mandate penalty eliminated 01 01 19 as part of .
 mosarcastic  joshgad if by  ruins  you mean stop illegal immigration  influx of drugs  prevents socialism  and red .
the nm gov said that this was caused by trump s racist policies  in fact this was caused by the obama administratio .
 donlemon the one who is trying to protect our country from illegal immigration and bottom feeders like you.
 jaketapper measles tb polio are all on the rise due to the introduction of illegal immigration.
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border  tell that to yuma  .
jerry nutjob nadler  adam loser schiff  lying chuck and demented nancy should be removed from office for putting ou .
american citizens it has to stop  the fake news media  the political idiots that made   continue to make total asse .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
 senatormenendez  potus  travelban is not a law for blocking illegal immigration but it block legal immigration please  repealtheban.
 theblaze imagine that   a border state that knows the true threat of unfettered illegal immigration.
 onewalleee  americandan1776  kg eternally  johnjjohnson20  madlibtheology  evanplatinum it s even worse because th .
 flipfloppingann coulter now wants open borders  illegal immigration and free stuff   does this women even know wha .
 jeffreywhelchel  anncoulter hypocrisy is being against illegal immigration  amp  then hiring illegal immigrants for yo .
.
 speakerpelosi heard you state we must follow the constitution  therefore you must join the fight to eliminate sanc .
 saxduder  anncoulter well  he then proceeded to pledge to never deport anyone and hired an illegal alien for a top .
the desperado just wants votes  he thinks that all the illegal immigration to greece will get him votes and keep hi .
this is our  illegal immigration  crisis  not our southern border  .
 caroljsroth how many of ai researchers snuck across the southern border  one of the biggest tragedies of illegal i .
 dancurry61  dancrenshawtx i think you misunderstand the law and what collusion is  of course you re also one to su .
 byheatherlong  ronbrownstein  jedkolko legal immigration is good  illegal border crashes are bad .
 electjaycblock a tragedy is brewing on the border   the policies of democrats in congress  amp  the round house have e .
 arnoldgoldberg1  conservmillen please think about that if it was eradicated here in the united states  how did it .
 realjack flip flopping ann coulter now wants open borders  illegal immigration and free stuff   does this women ev .
 lindastuder  hogangidley45 also what a dumb idea   so now we are telling illegals cross the border and you will ge .
 lindastuder  hogangidley45 so your solution to illegal immigration is to round illegals up and send them to califo .
 thisweekabc  gma how many times do you need to hear this georgie stompontrumpolous   go ahead   let maddie the sni .
 alamar9  senblumenthal  potus and specifically which rule of law are they subverting   i was always under the impr .
 lkingelot  lesles68  amarose7785 buy the way those imposing the un migration pact on western countries  are to hol .
 robswandering  realjack we ve been to humane with illegal immigration that is the problem  and you can t expect to .
 kxan news is no collusion  amazing waste of our money to fund this fraudulent investigation  instead of being happ .
 kendraleeober  owillis i cant defend trump or fox news  not do i listen to them  being from the border we see fir .
unbelievable       it appears  govmlg needs a refresher course in citizens arrest laws as she su .
 randomalley  andrewscheer like myself  i m an immigrant  anti illegal immigration  anti identity politics  skin co .
 realdonaldtrump  why dont we start seriously ending illegal immigration like we do hitting terrorists in iraq with .
 jimv245  lilithhelborn  gatorfanscott  jimbo always  mspoa  headonstrange  rawhoneyo  ecgolc  pwhitaker62 .
democrats priorities  illegal aliens 1st  vets not at all     the democrats have decided that their path to absolute .
 waynedupreeshow  94 feinstein campaigned  led the fight to stop illegal immigration  it s inherent     nadler  it .
 tbrown 80 you mean is terrible  because whatever your stance is on illegal immigration  this is illegal itself  .
 adriandt31  hlaurora63 the democrats are the see nothing do nothing party regarding illegal immigration .
 fighthypocrisy  pockyarsarat  rahuldb immigration   illegal border crossing  ok .
yum so sorry for your loss   you are always in my prayers  and all the angel families  gold star  families   th .
when america barred italians .
illegal alien smugglers used drone to watch border patrol  1 800 illegals nailed in el paso sector in one day .
 alantshirts  4lisaguerrero today they are since the act of legal immigration has itself been made illegal  but you knew that.
 kfox14 welcome      thank you for doing it right     now you can become part of the solution to the illegal im .
 sinutrmon bro trump said the same thing lol  i can pull up a video where he says he believes in legal immigration  .
tbh im getting really tired of this fucking illegal immigration asylum bullshit the fucking left never want to face .
could be a harbinger of things to come folks  what these feckless politicians fail to see is that many citizens you .
 ktown spurs  truth1313the  bucketbut  mayorofla illegal immigration and racism are totally separate issue  you don .
 john071010  brianstelter but 4 more years for not taking care of immigration and wanting socialistic government  i .
 4lisaguerrero and im all for it  anyone who wants to come here legally and live is welcomed by me with no excepti .
 reprashida how about you do your job   you know fix the illegal immigration issue  our crumbling infrastructure    .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border  .
 ewarren immigration  illegal aliens  build the wall   stop giving us tax dollars away to other countrys    i don .
 anncoulter new report  energy use in the us is sharply up  old report  the population is sharply up due to illegal .
 abc the democrats need to get over the fact that they lost in 2016 and get back to doing their jobs and fixing the .
trump does not have a disdain for immigration  but only for illegal  amp  indiscriminate immigration  of course  non ci .
 govbrewer  realdonaldtrump jan  i m not an advocate for illegal immigration but it seems to me your figure of 1 6 .
exactly  this happened on obamas watch  hold him  amp  his administration accountable  btw  there is an emergency in y .
 martynbigdog  niasinjorina  jamken22  holtholt99  ste942000  kevin maguire your still conflating illegal immigrati .
i am enjoying watching obama s  amp  hillary legacy getting torched  democrats are nothing more than traitors and hate .
 1romans58 its opposite world  up is down  black is white  killing born alive babies is abortion  abortion is hea .
another illegal immigration state of emergency  otero county in new mexico declared a state of emergency wednesday .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary thats great waste more time until 2020  in the meanwhile  america is suffering fro .
 dan1111hugo  rbpundit  realdonaldtrump wasnt my first choice  but he was the party nominee  sincerely stood on go .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer why don t you get off this and start taking care of people and things in your state  gas .
 .
 michelle4nm so you support illegal immigration and dont enforce law   nice .
 alexmiami87  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann im an american citizen so no one can keep me out  this president is j .
 kendraleeober  owillis illegal immigrant rights  lets start with that they are breaking the law to begin with  we .
 rascalrett  speakerpelosi  us eucom  potus  gavinnewsom amazing how a state that borders the largest latin country .
 italianmike  kimberlymrsr1 if banning illegal immigration will just save 1 life      .
.
 wsj  housejudiciary  thejusticedept time congress focus on real problems   1st immigration   2nd hillary clinton  .
democrats don t want to stop illegal immigration   they ve run out of voters and are depending on ny  california  a .
 speakerpelosi get on with it nancy  too much of my tax money is being spent on a rat hole  spend congresses time g .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump so your solution to illegal immigration and supposed voting fraud is to fill libe .
 thirdwaytweet obama had gay  illegal immigration amp white liberal agenda but no black agenda  against reparations bil .
 pushforward40 i support them   the  fakenews of course will paint them as right wing and racist  but they are patr .
 realdonaldtrump it was nothing more than a witch hunt after the democrats out the fix in for hillary and still los .
 pmoindia  rajnathsingh  cmowestbengal  httweets bangla desh actors violated conditions in the visas by taking part .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border  .
where  realdonaldtrump gets all his crazy  mean  and illegal ideas about immigration  .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue  .
dems are so ignorant when it comes to the  wall   theyre basically saying they support drug trafficking  sex traff .
 patrickgolf1980 they are the party of illegal immigration and pure anything anti american  just have to listen t .
why would the best president we ve had since ronald reagan resign  he s blowing up the  fakenews machine  got the e .
 david leavitt ankle biter    why would the best president we ve had since ronald reagan resign  he s blowing up the .
 speakerpelosi its a complete joke for you to say that you are going to protect america and democracy when you wil .
 kamalaharris maybe if you didnt promote hate  you  amp  your party continue to try to take down an legitimate presiden .
 rascalrett  speakerpelosi  us eucom  potus    yet it s republicans who profit from illegal immigration  nothing li .
 davidcolgrove  reprashida the president who         inherited a growing economy whose growth is slowing down       ran on .
 realdonaldtrump   speakerpelosi  senschumer  we dont want this in america     build the wall get illegal immigrati .
how to stop illegal immigration       stop giving them food       stop giving them shelter       stop giving them free ed .
 cain nate  fionagiselle1  realdonaldtrump seeking asylum is not illegal   trying to limit immigration is not christian.
.
 arsenalgooooner  speakerpelosi  us eucom  potus yep  you are preaching to the choir here  all i know is that the d .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
exclusive kris kobach  surge of illegal immigration  undercutting  trump s wage hikes for working class .
 dbongino democrats are constantly engaged in illegal activities  want barr to break the law  amp  release grand jury i .
 realdennislynch secret tarmac meetings  allowing illegal immigration just a few of the ways that the democrats don .
 mzhy 99  chut609  marsden1991  jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters first off  majority of people who v .
 mfkaufman  repadamschiff stronger military  better trade deal being negotiated with china  japan  south korea   an .
illegal alien smugglers used drone to watch border patrol  1 800 illegals nailed in el paso sector in one day       why .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
  realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viol .
illegal immigration news  amp  discussions .
he is not inciting violence  as she has  but she should be held as an illegal since she cheated our immigration law .
locals wanting to protect their homes have to step up in nm because  housedemocrats  amp   housegop are using immigrati .
 theladyshiraz  senschumer congress has not been doing its job or we would not have an illegal immigration crisis  .
 senschumer please keep up with russian collusion and obstruction  please keep up with gnd  please keep up with ill .
 senschumer are you serious   president trump has done more for this country in two years than you ever have   we a .
yesterdays country  us dying nation dumbed down by academia and illegal immigration.
 amoore0633  cheungkyle2  vp  cbp what kind if defense is that  this country was founded on illegal and violent immigration .
 ilhanmn their policies are meant to help people too  i doubt theyre trying to divide us given all the concessions .
 danieljames117  funder  thedemcoalition illegal immigration is also a big money maker  anything that makes money o .
 samtlevin sam  all groups wanting to assist and help enforce us law on the border should be deputized  this is an .
 patriottrump45  maebhclones  realdonaldtrump leftists always have a problem distinguishing fact from fiction   ill .
at a time when our country in under constant attack by illegal immigration  the democrats are sitting on their hand .
 speakerpelosi this is on you  you and your dems cohorts have provoked this illegal immigration  history will blame .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
 krid av  dwellman21  ksb78 going back to the ancestry commercial  were they discussing illegal immigration .
 gsteck74  alyssa milano milano  you don t advocate anything american  you advocate for infanticide  sharia law  il .
 realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump agree  let it go and start making policy they cant deny to maga   illegal immigr .
nadler on new trump  sanctuary cities  plan   morally repugnant and probably illegal    thehill      who the hell cares .
democrats    understand something        american patriots are not stupid  we know exactly what you re doing        democra .
 robertsmoe1  viasimonromero  nytimes youre a very fortunate person to not have experienced the ill effects of ill .
is building the wall the best way to solve our illegal immigration problem .
 realdonaldtrump hoping you can put all of this behind you now and move forward with agenda   flood the public with .
 strasse62  davidafrench today s perspective of illegal immigration is a result of what is called the  media bias a .
 kausmickey  ingrahamangle dem s starting to care about illegal immigration   hmmmmmm    an election must be coming .
new mexico has fallen into dem control on all future elections  overrun with illegal aliens        new mexico county de .
 senschumer ha  what would you know about the middle class        you ve spent a life time eradicating it  taxing it ou .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border  .
 rcdrumer  buzzfeednews you realize that illegal immigration disproportionately effects poc  right .
new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants  report   fox news  otero county adjacent to .
 tinymuslimah  revjjackson the argument is that they went and arrived thru the proper channels  immigration and ill .
 aloysiusedging1  govmlg are you kidding  we have absolutely 0 hate in our body  what we do have is the desire to .
 davidafrench low unemployment  great economy  movement towards prison reform and finally getting a handle on illeg .
 watchchad what did they send you to jail for   did you say something negative about illegal immigration communism  .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump you dems are pathetic  talk about injustice  your smear campaign is crumbling and you .
my hometown of las cruces  nm just started busing loads of illegal immigrants  i heard the   is 150 a day  so in 10 .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump you are such a loudmouth jerk  get to work on the peoples business  build the wall  t .
 jeanlmetcalf89  saracarterdc  repjerrynadler  realdonaldtrump exactly  they arent working this hard to solve our .
 dailycaller yeah  yall go ahead with your hunger strike   my family is going to protest illegal immigration by .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump you guys are just mad hes trying to stop all this illegal immigration   .
true   let s get started on illegal immigration  what happened to the national emergency    cut off jobs   e o  man .
yesterday my daughter said we must leave california  that anywhere would be better  i said arizona is overrun by il .
.
.
 bosnerdley  nypost  speakerpelosi is no longer the leader of the house  she has allowed the radical freshman socia .
 anncoulter when did bernie call for open borders  he like most sane people believe illegal immigration is a proble .
 kausmickey  anncoulter ask any democrat what their plan is regarding illegal immigration and the crisis at the bor .
 shireenmazari1 that s right  but what measures has pakistan taken to nab the illegal immigration  agents  who play .
 harleyandguns  thunderstreet23 their favorite pastime    deportthemall  it used to be safe to take a stroll on a .
 lawsdebi  noonballer  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump no  the onus is on you  is it the economy  where he .
 hotbossieauh  cnn  johnavlon youre clueless       the military loves trump       trump undid everything about obamas let .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump ed  you embarrassed you re self for support the mueller report and you helping the ille .
britain always had control of its borders  amp  always had control of its laws  fishing contributes less to the economy .
 realdonaldtrump trump 2020   how about you start enforcement of the immigration laws vigorously     you can ban an .
it took nine attempts to come to the greatest nation on earth so he could create  16 billion dollars of value for h .
 tulaczsr  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump god i pray we dont become a single issue party    illegal immigration should .
 redsmbch  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders i agree that we should not encourage illegal immigration but end .
 jaketapper  kimberleymadig2 or they caught it because of illegal immigration and people bringing it here    or peo .
of course there will be escalation  we can address that  as well       it is high time to fix policies  practices and p .
 sophistsawake  chellelvsmusic yes the news papers said for them to jump on the hillary  soros train to the souther .
 uranium1mueller  pure intern  b52malmet  repjerrynadler  housejudiciary i d like to know where you heard that obam .
 realdonaldtrump agree  i think their trying to slow you down for preventing you support americans homeland protect .
i wonder if this would be vile racism 10years ago when democrats were against illegal immigration        .
 speakerpelosi game over nancy   no collusion   no indictments coming  why not move on  amp  do something to actually h .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border    realcrisis .
 nightlypolitics we should work on fixing the problem on why these families are fleeing their country  money spent .
 sc ott  acidlullaby  gijoegenid brain drain is illegal in international law as far as i know so im fine with outwa .
 timesnow sir my question is same really where hindus are minority in india they are under torture of so many thing .
 jwervin  cnn  johnavlon quite a few people in  congo   yemen  saudi  syria  niger        military   has always been th .
 casinoconnie  peterbakernyt the economy is great  taxes are down  he s trying to curb illegal immigration  but sure  nothing for americans .
house democrats  can do their jobs stopping illegal immigration because it is against the law they swore to uphold  .
 gavinnewsom hes not making it worse that is your spin   many of cas problems due to illegal immigration but you will never admit it.
 jackscbad  repseanmaloney  houseadmngop very condescending and very embarrassing i will by my own tampons  all toi .
 ainsleyearhardt cardinal needs to understand that the socialist pope and tha catholic churches support of illegal .
 palady38  repdancrenshaw  .
 tehblackwolf  jaketapper you want to ban people from entering our country en masse       do you know what the easiest .
moving back to immigration   dems are doing nothing   sad to say  but the only way they will even maybe act on it w .
 jscltd  m arrotta  governorbullock its not illegal for illegals to vote       .
 jadyjacobson  reppetestauber  no idea what s going on   he s serving his constituents by investigating for himself .
 keksloo  real defender  realdonaldtrump  amp  by me making the cental  amp  south america great again i van can stop all t .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
 realdonaldtrump agreed mr president  the whole matter is bullshit  unfortunately democrats will continue with the .
all around the world we re waking up to illegal immigration  bad and treasonous patriots  thank you  realdonaldtrump .
 crackingcody  fireman eamonn  jaketapper  saramurray  theleadcnn still no substance just name calling  why is ille .
 realjulioch  trish regan many states offer a drivers license to illegal aliens  there is no cross check from state .
 repswalwell or you can continue to drag this country through the hoax  meanwhile enjoy your health insurance  don .
 govmlg disgraceful that american citizens have to take matters into their own hands to protect their land and fami .
farming better than illegal immigration  migrants narrates ordeal in libya    click link  .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary what you cant read   what you want pictures   it cant be any clearer   move on an .
 jaketapper  neoavatara unchecked illegal immigration from countries with high disease rates can also have an effect.
no wall  no mexico paying for the wall  no lock her up  runaway deficit  nk testing new weapons  still in the middl .
 impapawlane  6news 1 of 2 ways    1  their parents are anti vaxxers and never had their kids inoculated   2   when the .
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump not so fast  man  been following whats going on at the border lately   .
 israhirsi is it safe to say the that you are supporting pres  trump s illegal immigration policies then .
our own american citizens and veterans are starving in the streets and dying while illegal aliens are sitting back .
how to stop illegal immigration       stop giving them food       stop giving them shelter       stop giving them free ed .
 ilhanmn nobody but  democrats trying to divide us  nothing like fake russian story for 3yrs foreign government mes .
 huffpost oh    people are still talking about this  thought we had actual problems like climate change and illegal .
 krlcreep  leftkist democrats used to understand what  illegal  immigration was before it became a partisan anti tr .
 cnn  smerconish if only the democrats cared about illegal immigration like they do with trumps taxes and the russi .
2019 on track to experience highest level of illegal immigration in a decade   the daily caller .
 elzmo3008  beddoeroger youre a paid air horn       whose air horn are you       who pays you to spout this crap      it is no .
 robwalker90  fionagiselle1  politico excellent  i have my own reasons for being against illegal immigration  the s .
 realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump listen to  realdennislynch because he knows what he s talking ab .
 dualisticmonis1  andrewyang workforce participation remains stagnant  and again  illegal immigrations been droppi .
i am sick of dems  republicans and msm talking about mueller  will we ever talk about truly important things like   b .
san francisco sees brownout amid spike in public pooping  reports say          speakerpelosi y .
beware  if you are not an american and have been voting in american elections   thejusticedept is now looking for a .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
 randompixelm  fionagiselle1  politico im against immigration because of the harm any type of immigrant has on soc .
 alwaysjacknup  hunterschwarz i also heard you say immigration  didnt you mean illegal immigration  i havent hear .
 kausmickey  ingrahamangle people with power encourage illegal immigration and people without power have to pay the price .
new from me this morning  already  a strategist close to  realdonaldtrump s re elect campaign sees 2020 about motiv .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary stop the presidential harassment and protect the american people by passing some ne .
we need to take care of americans first        we need immigration reform   legal immigration with merit          .
 kevocarlson  catturd2  loduv   catoinstitute .
 tryinryan2  bgreg26  jaketapper  speakerpelosi  senschumer yep   proud he     did not collude     is putting america f .
 jerryfalwelljr  zylx5374  jeffsessions  realdonaldtrump im thinking the deep state had something pretty hefty on .
trump announces illegal immigrants will be bussed to sanctuary cities .
 shohamtxid  jaketapper contracted from an illegal immigration i read     maybe stop that first.
 betoorourke  malcolmnance first step would be to stop illegal immigration.
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border .
it doesnt matter anymore  people know there was no collusion obstruction  the investigation is over        let the lib .
dhs is releasing more than 1 300 illegal aliens every day into the country  and as the buses roll  democrats remain .
 anncoulter your whining becomes tiresome   what are the possibilities that a president would face massive obstruct .
 anncoulter so lets get you straight  everyone on single payer healthcare  free college  and stop illegal immigrat .
 adamschiff you and the rest of the dim witted democrats are the people that have  amp  continue to do a disservice to .
 deaneeboy  bringukip illegal become legal think u need to learn un immigration treaty ule find your laughing at how uneducated you are .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border .
destruction of medieval antiquities   police riots  bullying and beating french men  amp  women  uncontrolled illegal i .
 yet the dems are trying to keep up the fight becaus they seem to have nothing better to do .
 mylakyla1234  rambobiggs  anncoulter trump is a traitor to america  illegal immigration is at all time high .
 princenorodom  ggreenwald mock all you want  the party would be in power now if it didnt drive people like me away .
 open boarders  are not a solution for illegal immigrants     watch this honest video that speaks to the real probl .
 repstevensmith more important than say     illegal immigration costing us billions    ms13 and drugs killing this .
there is nothing wrong with legal immigration  however illegal aliens are criminals and should be treated as such  .
 angelabelcamino  aoc you mean illegal immigration privilege  free everything .
 dancrenshawtx  ff58406291 people that are upset are democrats first and americans next  its not good for democrat .
 realdonaldtrump ladies  amp  gentlemen does he not harass mexico  there are many forms of illegal immigration sir  not .
 edkrassen ed it is time to move on  we have more important issues   illegal immigration  homelessness  and drugs  enough said .
 whitelilly2000  ilhanmn i m  far from racist  you are  and funny how you do not  deny your culture stil enslaves h .
 julescator  lawoman68  mmpadellan economy   illegal immigration   taxes   military   no socialism.
 justincase no n  bigtopworker  raniakhalek lawfully seeking asylum means you go to a legal crossing area and speak .
tax payers need to realize that democrats literally wasted at least 2 years  25million of our tax payer     when th .
 missusstud  moneywisecom one problem  new zealand has very strict immigration laws  hmmm   its almost as if keepi .
calls for authorities to investigate u s  citizens who illegally detain illegal migrants entering the u s    .
barack obama on illegal immigration and border security 2005  via  youtube.
the real illegal  immigration crisis isnt on the southern border .
wow  read this  another perverse incentive embedded in immigration law       conservative activist speaks out after fal .
 realdonaldtrump has never put any effort into anything he cant win   its called smart business  hes proven his .
 jdwwjr  tcsmudge  cnn from canada no less    where illegal immigration is rampant at our northern border  suppose .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 ryanafournier wow  and i do mean  wow  something like sixty percent of those living in hud housing are illegal ali .
 timburchett tim we could save so much money  end gun violence and stop illegal immigration if we just ended the drug war  thoughts .
 repjerrynadler  aoc  housejudiciary fix illegal immigration .
 repadamschiff mr  schiff i m not a dem or rep but  seriously why can t you just start working together on bigger t .
 yamiche i like the game over   the false dossier started all of this while trump was  helping america  lowered you .
those responsible for fraud need to be held accountable    no different than illegal immigration    a country of laws  god bless.
 aoc what about your responsibility to america to control illegal immigration .
 maharetina  leftist5612  blind eye13  blendedunicron  brownpam5  deanbshaffer  renato mariotti  benshapiro this is .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border  it is visa overstays       .
 truesatire  hoarsewisperer  leaderhoyer  housedemocrats but then we would get a president who is assisted by mexic .
 jccjd91  dineshdsouza now do the stuff that actually matters  approval rating  economy  job numbers  number of ppl .
cory continues his diabolical attempt to divert attention from the democratic partys push for illegal immigration .
illegal  votes democrat  illegal spying democrats  illegal immigration democrats  um yes they need to go.
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
 besides taking jobs from american workers  illegal immigration creates huge      via  brainyquote.
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border by krishnadev calamur via politics   the atlantic .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   it is visa overstays .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   it is visa overstays .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border  .
 sollymsimanga please go back to talking about illegal immigration and fixing gauteng please we can get anc below 50  in gauteng.
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border   the atlantic .
 hermanmashaba  our da please go back to talking about illegal immigration and how you are fixing jozi    dont let them distract you.
everyone tell congress enough already  no more harassment of our potus  notwithmymoney  the american people are sic .
please hammer it    we can anc below 50  in gautenf if your communication is more streamlined simple       the rising c .
 gavinnewsom meanwhile you continue to put the american citizens your state in criminal danger  economic danger  amp  f .
 our da  hermanmashaba   zilevandamme  mmusimaimane guys please dont forget about the immigration issue    have yo .
its the invaders  the eternal victims are using them through legal and illegal immigration to invade and conquer u .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border .
ocasio cortez says climate change is the cause of illegal immigration at the border   melissaafrancis explains why .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse stop all immigration  legal and illegal  we are being invaded  ann is right  stephen m .
bc of course they won t settle down in expensive white liberal neighborhoods  no  they just want them in america fo .
 til vallhalla  montaga  wtpatty  bdwal359  tigerfanglacey  cjts7006 no 1 s champion n you can t break sh    amp  get m .
cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration       let them come   but not here      .
 teamtrump  ben is very weak on illegal immigration last night  schneiderman .
 silverladysnow    the illusion   shefvaidya  jobeegeorgeous ohh you are back       so  you ready to talk about afspa  .
 ksboen1  mjgranger1  ilhanmn bigamy illegal immigration with no vetting lying to constituents fraud against americ .
 sengianaris you really need to educate yourself on immigration  you are confusing illegal and legal immigration   .
 yahoofinance  sengianaris nice job confusing ppl about legal and illegal immigration.
  thedemocrats  phillymayor it is mystifying why democrats are so up in arms about president trumps declaration .
 andreak32767014  anna 63  brianbr80801255  washingtonpost for whom  stupeed whites who think being our sycophants .
 kimbraov1  kippkipperme canada needs to pay attention to this because i have seen a sudden increase in cases of th .
 irwbpk  richard stands  dvcmac  honeymcreynolds  jdw714  kevin84500028  ajah1551  westvillegirl82  linking mercury .
pay attention  legal immigration is worse than illegal and way too many people have been convinced to it  remember .
 repadamschiff the public deserves some peace from your never ending bs   your the spinning clown  you could focus .
democrats close their eyes to the reality of consequences of illegal immigration   votedemsout  .
tawau immigration department detains 45 filipino illegal immigrants .
tawau immigration dept detains 45 filipino illegal immigrants .
 davidlammy because too much money on foreign aid  illegal immigration and pointless wars  simple really lammy   if .
imagine if the deepstate put the same effort and focus into illegal immigration as they do into impeaching  amp  falsel .
 npr controlling illegal immigration would also help   .
our lives are too chaotic  or illegal immigration .
 martinheinrich it is time to move on  for nm  for the nation  there will always be difference of opinion  let the .
 enrique acevedo  ingrahamangle  seanhannity  lopezobrador  illegal aliens crossed the u s  border through .
demon  s are the ones that interfered in the 2016 election  demon  s are the ones that colluded with foreign go .
dems have not learned a valuable lesson   you cannot live on resist and obstruct alone   get something done for the .
trump to enforce housing aid ban for illegal immigrants  taking benefits reserved for citizens   maga  americafirst .
obamas homeland security deported 2 7 million undocumented people in his 8 years        was that a problem for you or .
 pelosi  amp   dems inaction on illegal immigration is putting border cities  amp  citizens at risk  .
it s not almost treasonous   it is treasonous   speakerpelosi you should be brought up on charges for  treason for .
 oldmantravel  femi sorry i m glad you said  allegedly   the only numbers i can find are these  1 6m londoners born .
sanctuary cities and illegal immigration   let s talk about it   via  youtube.
the economy back home doesnt look good and im not ready to go back home  imma just stay here as illegal immigration then .
 nowthisnews  kathygriffin very disingenuous  illegal immigration decreases wages  as they undercut the prevalent w .
 qtanon1  usa survey results   do you think that illegal immigration is a real problem  a  yes       20  b  no      .
 kamalaharris well if you take the 70 or  100 billion you waste on illegal immigration support every year i put tha .
 ballin colin24  james warrior  brasilmagic  sscrmp confederate statues have zero impact on our lives  illegal immi .
 marcelcvisser  kimnoreen22  kirby james89  aoc  rashidatlaib  gop mostly  the economy  which i don t give obama cr .
 gpannun 2020  adgpi  sagarikaghose  suhasinih  geeta mohan  manjeet sehgal  ravishndtv  anchoranandn .
one of the things i agree with bernie sanders on is the border  illegal immigration cannot be tolerated  i wish oth .
 brasilmagic  sscrmp yeah because women benefit from illegal immigration combined with government subsidy of low wa .
 paidinfool  sowetanlive  julius s malema bro like he doesn t even realise it  his lost me and a whole lot of peopl .
 w terrence sad that many people bashed this young man and his family  these same people bashed the boy for not bei .
 prodigalwhail  andrewyang unemployment       the democrats are the ones blocking his efforts to drastically reduce ill .
 follow  author  pegbrantley   topics  psychological thriller  police procedural  hrd dogs  detective  illegal immi .
trump has frequently criticized ca 4 not supporting5 policies on illegal immigration  amp  threatened just this week 2 .
 obrien ruairi  katcashmeade vast majority of illegal cross border trade isn t caught at the border but by intellig .
 shanemahan  tweetheatdelete  thenelsconey  stephenotathome  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  judicialwatch .
yes illegal immigration goes against the rules but its not the reason why youre poor and cant afford your trailer lot susan.
when is congress going to address the pressing issue of illegals flooding our borders    they pretend its not a cr .
 stevierivenbark great beliefs  except we need to halt immigration as a whole  not just illegal immigration .
stop the tape  rep  luis gutierrez d il on illegal immigration  via  youtube.
 miavendetta110 an important point that is too often deliberately ignored by so called  conservatives    the proble .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue  via  realclearnews.
martians confiscate the rover for illegal immigration violations  .
illegal action take on different forms  it s still illegal   immigrants  illegalaliens  immigration .
rt politicalshort  rt kurtschlichter  my new townhallcom column shows them the door         .
rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch   realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  righ .
si se puede    .
 itbegins2012  anncoulter why is anyone other than israels still on the trump train    he ran on ending illegal an .
since the beginning of my mandate  i stand for a true marshall plan for africa to attract investment  develop infra .
 vthomas00130415 very good point  illegal immigration will always exist as long as there are programs in the us tha .
 jackwin74948773  c cauterucci wake up from your delusion    walkaway i questioned you people starting when i voted .
 hoosieridoc  kirby han  aoc yup  the gnd is  the wall  of the left     do we need to address illegal immigration  ye .
homelessness  illegal immigration  suicide  censorship  compelled speech  syria  opiods  big banking  healthcare  h .
 badluck jones did he give reasons         economy         trade deals         employment stats         military threats gone         a .
here is the reality and truth behind the national emergency  who they are and who was behind it   if this is not a .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
ok i see a double standard  fed sued az for fighting illegal immigration because feds purview  and won  then why d .
 dineshdsouza be kind it was not a suppository  ag barr gave them a kick  in the family jewels with no discretion .
donald trump takes laura loomer s advice about illegal immigration   laura loomer official .
trump announces illegal immigrants will be bussed to sanctuary cities .
 he  can  in short  over the next two years  pause mass immigration  both  legal and illegal  all by himself  with .
 aoc reason why  realdonaldtrump will win 2020 elections       while the  potus focusses on    crime   illegal immigration .
 diamondandsilk homeless americans are forced out onto the streets while illegals  or as the left prefers to call t .
 thabo2017  m msimango  ewnupdates  twitter  myanc please dont defend that position of borders  opponents are happ .
martians confiscate the rover for illegal immigration violations  .
opinion  spain encouraging europe to stop interfering with north african and middle eastern nation s domestic affai .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 says when you hear  comprehensive immig  reform   it means one thing and one thing only   amnesty .
 newjersey teen rescued from  illegalimmigrant who abducted  raped her   yet another reason .
the israeli demographer       arnonsoffer has expressed his opposition to the african illegal immigration phenomenon .
cbp reported 418 000 apprehensions to date more than entire 2018  vast numbers of illegal migrants from honduras gu .
 dwellman21  ksb78 also they ve sold you that illegal immigration and the plans by trump and the administration are .
 anncoulter it s pretty amazing with you  i read  slander   the lib press needs to be confronted  i know your passi .
 agbecerra exactly when did we become a lawless nation    legal immigration vs  illegal immigration  there is a differnce .
 cher  americannonna  aremond2 any suggestions how to deal with illegal immigration  how and where to care for 70 t .
 realdonaldtrump immigration to usa should be only legal  and only on the basis of established criteria  illegal im .
immigration legal or illegal is a life line for u s federal  reserve system   fed is not going to commit suicide by building walls you fools.
 realdonaldtrump  immigration is only legal and necessary  illegals do not allow  do not accept any requests  and s .
 jjauthor exactly  get to the issues that affect the american people  the dems have obstructed our president since .
i told you from day one that wall will never happen without th consent of u s federal reserve immigration legal or illegal life line for fed.
the  knessetil committee on foreign workers met to discuss the immigration and border authority policy toward illeg .
2 5 but why on such a huge scale and so suddenly  is it possible democrats sunk so low as to advertise illegal immi .
 scandallk  paulsperry  party means nothing in politics  it s all about who will line their pockets  take tom donah .
 straub ted  lrihendry  jhead77  realdonaldtrump 9 fact  realdonaldtrump is your president  unless u r not a citize .
 realkidpoker  johnsmi14191086  ipokerfox   pedrovelazquez one thing that i didnt see during 44s term was a col ra .
 tweetheatdelete  shanemahan  thenelsconey  stephenotathome  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  judicialwatch .
demo rats still in denial   american people just don t pay attention anymore    more important things to worry abou .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  gohome  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  gohome  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  gohome  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  gohome  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  gohome  .
 gwendol69280110  nepats28  nbcnews  epa the wildfires are because people in california ignore high risk fire dange .
illegal immigration is a hardworking gem .
kris kobach  surge of illegal immigration  undercutting  u s  wage hikes .
 countwaiblingen  anncoulter agreed  but there are many quick remedies permanent remedies for illegal immigration  .
 scotttbrower1  travlnjak  salty dawg69  basedpompeo  therand2025  mykeyjc  a1semp  hollylandes  wmahoney5 .
 bullzeye360  onewalleee i ve literally seen them defend yang because even if he s unable to implement ubi he still .
 this title of  muslim ban  to describe cab can only b compared to gupta s mischief of brand .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary what i would like to hear is democrats saying they are going to work on the illegal immigration problem .
remittances  illegal immigration s  30 billion hidden tax via  spmorrison  .
trump prepares to remove one of the last standing obstacles to illegal immigration of the obama era  .
 sincerelymrsc  meghanmccain anti vaxxers and travel are more of a risk but i guess bringing up illegal immigration .
 basedpompeo  travlnjak  salty dawg69  therand2025  mykeyjc  a1semp  hollylandes  wmahoney5  markjohnt2 .
 shanemahan  tweetheatdelete  thenelsconey  stephenotathome  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  judicialwatch .
tru dat  every  empire  in history eventually comes to an end  if we don t stop this unadulterated foolishness soon .
 flashbangz89  teamhuman5 i suggest reading the daily history of the terrorism  drug cartel  kidnapping  murders  h .
nearly one million migrant children could enter the united states  either unaccompanied or with their border crossi .
 anncoulter i understand we have to protect our borders and cannot pay for illegal immigrants but when ann and trum .
this   if we deploy militia units to the border  democrats will be forced to do something about illegal immigration .
telling it like it is  good article       my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 gz954 gus  mehdirhasan nov 12  2009  what s behind lou dobbs  leaving cnn    dobbs evolved as a hard liner on ill .
 anncoulter ann  you would vote for devil himself if he solved illegal immigration  regardless of the remainder of .
 jeromegravesbm1  neospencer77 i mean illegal immigration in the us has been steadily declining since its peak in t .
question  what is the cost of illegal immigration to us taxpayers       answer  the annual cost to u s  taxpayers is  1 .
the truth about separating kids .
 tccliffy  daftvanessa  aoc  rashidatlaib  realdonaldtrump yup   they are looking for their own fame and name  they .
 carldemaio  am i naive for not having caught on sooner or a just a conspiracy theorist   is it possible democrats .
 realjack there are real problems to be solved in u s   illegal immigration  health costs  education decline  justi .
 ortizpeggi  mamendoza480 agreed  gotta ask   why is that so difficult  to stop illegal immigration crime  because .
 speakerpelosi stop complaining about ag who is  being fair and honest  stop the border crisis  border towns are be .
 sebgorka    we just need an executive order mandating the use of e verify  and a fine of  1 000 000 per violation an .
 realdonaldtrump i have 2 small devices can solve voting problems in the future plus they are preventing all types .
another 2 more years  doing nothing our country is full of illegal immigrants our infustructure is still broken our .
.
the left has fused illegal immigrants into all immigration  what is the incentive to enter the country legally  why .
 nytimesworld tolerance of illegal immigration encourages more people to make these dangerous journeys .
 thumper5465  rudykazutti  l ei8ht  muellershemorr1  bustthegop  patriqt 1776  jdd2169  jandfinthecity  carlvegaaa .
 ewarren let s see build the wall stop illegal immigration  oh crap you don t want either one so not you .
kris kobach  surge of illegal immigration  undercutting  u s  wage hikes  via  breitbartnews.
 breaking america law gets a face lift  immigration law   president  realdonaldtrump proposed 4 17 19 remove all ille .
 r3thorns  the1realstory   is it possible democrats sunk so low as to actually advertise illegal immigration in centr .
 psdesertdolphin i dont see swalwell making it past the first debate  he is awful  i kinda like bernie as a person .
illegal alien smugglers used drone to watch border patrol  1 800 illegals arrested in el paso sector in one day .
.
 mzhemingway im with you mollie   after 2 years  amp  millions of taxpayers    the dems wont accept the report  amp  plan .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder especially since  realdonaldtrump  gives every released  fakeasylum ill .
 alyssa milano the mueller report does prove no collusion   that does change quite a lot   trump cares about us cit .
 cernovich sure because he should would fund the wall and put a stop to illegal immigration    what a joke .
 mollyfprince  realsaavedra  rashidatlaib once ice is shut down does she plan on renting a modest home sharing a bo .
this dunce of a  dhume does not understand the difference between legal and illegal immigration  .
 at revenge  hysrnicu  ingrahamangle  foxnews  rupertmurdoch europe is a cesspool   jailing people for speaking the .
 monica barona  thebenkline1  sanctuary cities  should be illegal  it s basically a city announcing  hey we arent g .
 aemiouly its almost like immigration laws and the english language dont care about what you feel  nor do i  .
 maziehirono  realdonaldtrump wrong again crazy mazie  no criminal activity  its a disgrace how pathetic the dem c .
 aoc  rashidatlaib alexannoccio cortez  you want child pornography and human trafficking  admit it  because if you .
 farinetp  viasimonromero  nytimes what laws promote illegal immigration .
 jaromackjohn illegals  by nature of the term  are here illegally and are breaking the law  that s it   nothing els .
 you should defend illegal immigration because you re trans        i m sorry  how does letting coyotes  mules  and gang .
 rbdublei  parkskmbz which is a reason for them to stay if we dont offer them a job  but we do anyway  the problem .
.
 speakerpelosi give it up nancy  the only lies are coming from you and the other democrats  i hear you guys may sta .
 risingrose71  team4nicholas maybe if you take free housing away and they cant find a place to live they go back t .
9th circuit court is no longer an american court  it is primarily an alien court operating on us soil  an american .
i am taking over the website started by rock  it is in development but it focuses on two of the biggest issues thre .
 this is kitty  pearly2004  olganyc1211  sarahbcalif  speakerpelosi and if they were caught they aren t in your bac .
 viasimonromero  nytimes this is what happens when democrats in office choose to look the other way and do nothing .
exclusivekris kobach  surge of illegal immigration undercutting trumps wage hikes for working class .
 straythread a better deal  all of you who support open borders and illegal immigration must take in one family of .
 ryanafournier end illegal immigration  cut off all benefits and  free ies     they re stealing from us and our vet .
 mr jameslandis  davidafrench good   i personally like less government involvement in the economy  tougher laws aga .
 alexisohanian literally no one has problems with immigration  it s illegal immigration that s the problem  but dem .
 ilhanmn still a bridge too far  my compliant little zealots   the process has completed and you have wasted enough .
 quietwryit  i womb  owillis  mkhammer you left of illegal immigration  russian interference in the 2016 election  .
2   of that  nearly 60 000 of those prisoners were illegal aliens  amp  legal immigrants who have been ordered to be de .
 realdonaldtrump we always believed in you and there was no collusion  please now stop illegal immigrants from kill .
 tulsigabbard so you believe in focusing on improving american lives first  lets build the wall then or at least e .
texans spend over 12 billion on illegal  immigrants every year     build the wall    .
 iratewoman  newyorker if its fifteen dollars an hour  i would  which it would but illegal immigration  overstay is .
 markdavis  davidafrench you mean policies like massive debt and funding of abortion and insane tariffs   oh and gu .
 brianschatz give it up    game over    do something to stop illegal immigration    we have a serious problem and y .
 chrisburkeshay  aoc here s an idea    use all the money wasted on illegal immigration and the russia probe to fund the va  problem solved .
 epicseshbro  cowboyscomments  yesyoureracist but nazism does not mean adhere to nazi beliefs anymore  it can mean .
 hermittao  sabriaballand  jaywalk  do illegal drugs  or drive home drunk because theyre not that drunk  those s .
 lermont they even call you a racist if you want to stop illegal immigration  the brainwashing is so strong .
1  coast guard   2  immigration home land security  whoever deals with illegal immigrants   3 police force      .
 officialnifo  jakebonfante  nuancebro  seanhannity he never said that all trump supporters think all illegal immig .
bill clinton is right  we should stop meeting with special interests   amp  start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
the dream act of 2019 introduced by senate judiciary chairman rino  lindseygrahamsc   amp  minority whip dick durbin  d .
 everytown  mmfa what s wrong with opposing illegal immigration    why would anyone support illegal immigration .
what is the result of illegal  amp  legal immigration  sfo la  amp  cali which will eventually lead to seattle utopian paradises.
5 5 the political establishment that is trying to stop us is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade de .
illegal immigration on front burner as lijf 2019 beckons    .
 senatorsinema bravo for your stand on illegal immigration and protecting our citizens from the flood of illegals c .
 boldpolitics  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump the only detail that i have given you is that a student was upset t .
 realdonaldtrump take away illegal immigration   fakenews colluding with the democrats   social media lefties contr .
 rodstryker  trumptrooper2  mr g        if dems get their way       taxes will become sky high to pay for their crooked .
 marketwatch measles is endemic in india  and if we keep importing  h1b visa holders  it will soon be endemic in th .
 garyzettle  cnn  cnnbrk  cuomoprimetime  msnbc  maddow  acosta  cbsnews  abcnews  nbcnews  cnbc  billkristol .
 johnnybonezyou  s3riosly why is illegal immigration bad   why should i have to fund ice if i don t want to .
 jali cat  realdonaldtrump  barackobama  elissaslotkin  senatemajldr  speakerpelosi he talked a good game but that  .
 shanemahan  tweetheatdelete  thenelsconey  stephenotathome  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  judicialwatch .
 jackstar009 the real traitors are the ones that are willing to throw their country away in favor of massive amount .
 stephcrass  tennessee daddy  elhoncho  the article cited doesn t mention southern immigrants so much as travelers .
 micah lowe1  dailycaller yeah   and who does  i don t know of anyone  other than right wing propagandists  talking .
 curiousme73  mattdizwhitlock  repjeffries thanks  dealing with leftists is extremely difficult  as they are curren .
 chuckcallesto illegal immigrant  felonious and fraudulently misinformed immigration officials  to illegally gain e .
 jhbentley     ss will be bankrupted by 2023  hope you planned well for retirement were  22t in debt  amp  racking up .
when you re finished there why don t you  amp  the other feckless pols do your job  amp  fix this long standing immigration .
 rosie6500  realdonaldtrump  calls him a fool       most likely supports maxine waters which court records show is accu .
 yort 121 trump is israel s bitch   not even conservatives like him anymore   and yeah  illegal immigration is wors .
illegal immigration is cancelled sweaty.
 ilhanmn  trump economy is best cure  oh and if you idiots in congress would fix the illegal immigration problem   buildthewall.
 boothxtraranch  andrewyang which part  the decline in illegal immigration or its explanatory power       the second ca .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters lead on issues  quit talking about it  most are tired of hearing about it  how are .
 billkristol supreme court  illegal immigration  tax cuts  gov regs rollback  plus  come on  billkristol really  do .
 jrt80 you must be from new york enjoy your illegal immigration.
 cnn how about they could help solve the actual illegal immigration crisis at the border  nah  theyll spend the ne .
 ilhanmn exactly why we cant support illegal immigration  stay in your own country if you cant support your own.
 ilhanmn we don t need illegal immigration when we cant feed our own.
 davidjollyfl  marcvegan  mr g        if dems get their way       taxes will become sky high to pay for their crookedne .
 thehill  mr g        if dems get their way       taxes will become sky high to pay for their crookedness  illegal immi .
 americanknigh10  lilysnana2013  mr g        if dems get their way       taxes will become sky high to pay for their cr .
illegal immigration  such a big problem for our country i will solve .
 realcandaceo  mr g        if dems get their way       taxes will become sky high to pay for their crookedness  illegal .
 anonkmed  eliaseen1  shaunking  berniesanders it s not an argument  unskilled workers are hit harder by illegal im .
 mr g        if dems get their way       taxes will become sky high to pay for their crookedness  illegal immigration w .
illegal alien accused of kidnapping  sexually assaulting n j  girl .
illegal immigration  public health issue .
 patrickcaseyusa legality is nothing but the public s perception of it  if politicians and journalists incessantly .
 themarkpantano i hope you told them theres no such thing as illegal immigration  i feel like everyone was focusin .
 nro  davidafrench ben shapiro        hates whites in the us and white europeans       wants europe to become multicultura .
 realdonaldtrump  i knew somehow that my family was like a second class citizen        the situation of mr  tanaka as a .
illegal alien smugglers are using a new counter intelligence tool to help sneak illegals across the border  .
 missagay  hwmnylx69 taxes will become sky high to pay your crookedness  illegal immigration would never be fixed  .
are there any limits to illegal immigration  .
 rev trump  nuancebro i m sure he feels that way too though  i haven t seen his 2nd video about illegal immigrants  .
 dannyballgame9  megkinnardap this is a massive over simplification    but typical  the left dismisses anyone that .
 gavinnewsom maybe you should work on the border security problem something you could do something about    this one .
 jxhnbinder what has he done for illegal immigration  made it worst.
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 themarkpantano anyone that thinks illegal immigration is great should  sponsor 10 illegals  amp  feed  clothe  house  .
 karamoreland3  realdonaldtrump i know you  maga build the wall and send the illegal aliens already here to sanctua .
 ilhanmn and you should testify about marrying your brother in the commission of immigration fraud   we deserve to .
i disagree on your assessment   illegal immigration turned ca blue   asylum elected aoc   floods of relocation blue .
 miavendetta110 immigration needs a  time out   10 years minimum  legal and illegal       the one s here are already go .
 nicoletp  lamb4lyf and then he has the nerve to do an illegal immigration maga story to be current i guess  and .
i could hand pick 10 of you folks out there to resolve the illegal immigration problem    and you guys would knock .
 tedlieu  stephenking  realdonaldtrump mueller has gone from your savior to a bum  he didnt indict  go solve some .
 shaunjo63544674 no to illegal immigration  legal controlled is ok .
 wv2al  eugenegu  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse 1  all presidents have broken campaign promises  he s made many .
 spike11117  rncastaldo  ryanafournier that statistic is actually not really true  it s drawn from a deeply flawed .
they lie about socialism  they lie about global warming  they lie about illegal immigration    they lie about pres .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home  .
 gavinnewsom yup thats the most important thing right now  homeless issues fixed  illegal immigration fixedlower .
 younesaouad  aidaalami  words failed this is border money to control illegal immigration  the eu would rather give .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 wilkowmajority can we apply the president must uphold the laws argument to illegal immigration debate .
 liberallogic destroying our  immigration system allowing  illegalaliens to use loopholes we get  wheres all the .
get over it ms  pelosi   president trump won fair and square  its time to do what we  the american people  pay you .
 mikiesherrill how are you doing with salt cap at  30 000  amp  control of the southern border to stop illegal immigrat .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst well cory     thats because illegal immigration makes america less safe in general    idiot .
 thedemocrats part 2 chuck schumer wants to be majority leader  amp  is taking steps to do that  1986 he helped broker .
 jay spin  jstein wapo  rokhanna  ilhanmn  aoc i did not say that  you did  and illegal immigration is very desctru .
 realjack for what  not liking someone isnt illegal   enough with this childish behavior   we have hungry children .
 two months ago  pakistani immigration officials arrested a chinese man forcibly taking a woman  who claimed to be .
 guyverhofstadt this is deceitful by you  for years you and your colleagues have been pushing 3rd world immigration .
 speakerpelosi you lie so much you dont remember what you said an hour ago  when are you going to stop your madnes .
this video is over one hour long  but if you want a real eye opener about illegal immigration  this is a jewel  .
trump administration proposes throwing illegal immigrants out of public housing   washington examiner .
 darvinsreturned  harrygato  aoc agree with much of what you say  we do need many of the illegal workers here  i di .
immigration important 4 our country  assimilated foreigners who love  amp  truly want 2b americans  desperately needed  .
 w3stsid3wolf really   what is your profession  i bet its off the books    ei  or under the table right  another .
 bbcbreaking how much money is spent on illegal immigrant  hundreds of billions    build a wall and see how it goes  .
 seungminkim  brianschatz here comes kim jong un sister to teach us citizens about illegal immigration  in n  korea they just kill them    .
 natsallnews  potus if the democrats want to run on this stuff come 2020  i welcome it   this is a big fat  30 mill .
today 1800 illegal aliens were apprehended in el paso  texas  .
come hither bot   if or illegal immigration was popular  hillary clinton should be an  indian  name to it .
 stevierivenbark are you  maga  being a republican isnt enough these days  the us needs people in dc actively figh .
 ingrahamangle  jaysekulow meanwhile our country is drowning in illegal immigration.
one last point of outrage here   realdonaldtrump lambastes illegal immigration as an attack on american sovereignty .
 saracarterdc  realdonaldtrump meanwhile our country is drowning in illegal immigration.
 greenidbandit23  elhoncho  but let s look at this map  notice anything odd  maybe that the blue states are heavy i .
 senwarren this is great but when are you going to work in a bipartisan way to do something about illegal immigrati .
 realdonaldtrump meanwhile our country is drowning in illegal immigration.
 raniakhalek good question   i think it s the loopholes in the weak immigration laws that allow illegal migrants to .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary keep fiddling with this while america burns  the democrat party needs electroshock .
 metrobrown185  jstein wapo  rokhanna  ilhanmn  aoc so why is illegal immigration so much more important then fixin .
 aoc it would be great if you and your demoncrat colleagues would do your jobs  and compromise across the aisle   i .
 jjd1225  washingtonpost higher deficits  higher gas prices  increased inequality  increased illegal immigration  m .
 rosemaryboyter1  realdonald really  do you think merely closing the border will stop illegal immigration and contr .
 pejwink1  nbcnews 13 months straight 3 8  unemployment    5 million jobs created    back out of paris agreement    globa .
 a man in full  aiiamericangiri  foxnews 1  agree with you about mass illegal immigration which the democrats  amp  the .
 theblaze dear  rashidatlaib        clearly  you dont understand the laws of this nation  it is illegal to come into t .
if anything happens to this administration  we need to be prepared for what the left plans to do to this country  t .
 danscavino hahahahahypocrisy    this people change positions like changing undergarments       i believe same changing .
 charliekirk11 but the dems can t spend a dime to solve illegal immigration.
 italianmaga  iwashington  mrnashvilletalk if the aclu does not want militia  which is composed of legal citizens  .
 the irishman 17  aoc oh you mean like how it s a fact that a wall  which hasn t and never will be completed btw   .
 more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cops   after cro .
 murphymike agree 100   and when trump is impeached  make sure hes replaced with an equally unfit pres who makes s .
 boothxtraranch  andrewyang because illegal immigration has been declining  it isnt big enough to explain trumps .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
 themarkpantano illegal immigration is good for nothing at all .
 senjackyrosen allowing uncontrolled illegal immigration  promoting sanctuary state policies and allowing illegal .
 govmikehuckabee now we have to hear another year of whining by the left and its press while nothing gets done exce .
strengthen the walls of the border and commit a crime   should crack down on illegal immigration.
 ynk  spunj  tgwri1s that s why britain is the greatest country in europe  the british know what is best for their .
 fliprich1 we didn t vote for jared or ivanka either but here we are  illegal immigration higher than ever  illegal .
illegal immigration should be cracked down.
 charlottecuthbo every single one of these is going to be booked and let go in some city  what a fucking joke  i ca .
 donaldjtrumpjr now please get your dad to appoint  kriskobach1787  as either head of  homelandsecurity or as illeg .
 themarkpantano there are a lot of republicans  not necessarily conservatives  who favor illegal immigration becaus .
 8 bit oddish  ilhanmn meeting in secret with foreign leaders    illegal immigration of family members   .
 tomilahren healthcare  infrastructure  illegal immigration  china  n korea  globalism and the list can go on    if t .
 nevadajack2  m35620522jackie why is this even an issue  common sense would dictate that this shouldn t need a rule .
donald trump hit the nail on it s head concerning this type of illegal immigration     .
i think the hunger strike is a great idea because it is sure to fix the illegal immigration problems  buildthewall .
 geraldorivera  realdonaldtrump wonder if  geraldorivera will be man enough to admit he is wrong on illegal immigration .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   the sean hannity sh .
 fairimmigration  dailycaller  amber athey citizens need more actions against illegal immigration giving them free .
 realdonaldtrump stay the course and build the wall   stop illegal immigration and you win hands down  but make no .
comprehensive immigration reform should look like this    no illegal aliens    no visa overstays    no birthright citizen .
hillary clinton gained 2 8 million more california votes than trump did in 2016   i guarantee anyone that after the .
 nevadaeljefe  squirellsrnutz hey sir    we have an immigration problem   our country is being overrun by illegal i .
 truthandtrustfl  jamesmstratton  opensociety the dream act of 2019 introduced by senate judiciary chairman rino .
sanctuary cities and illegal immigration   let s talk about it   via  youtube.
angel mom calls newsoms idea to curb illegal immigration by investing in el salvador the wrong move      via  theijr.
 themarkpantano they should be saying illegal immigration is bad for the united states because it is illegal .
 alyssa milano read it   president and his family is clear  and people will continue to vote for him in 2020 becaus .
.
 joemsnbc says trump is manufacturing crisis at the border  really  why aren t we supporting trump on stopping ille .
 robalamain  justintrudeau normal people who are opposing trudeau are not bashing legal immigration  it s the peopl .
 sir scottsman  dstroyr u2b militia perform many functions  as they are institutions of self government  like overs .
 edasante77 if  tracyjan writes about immigration please tell me how much illegal immigration cost the us per year .
 thespybrief  zigmanfreud a good primer on why the dems lose on immigration       why president trump keeps winning on .
 themadsloth as far as immigration is concerned  don t believe these fking libliars for a second  since when does u .
president donald trump wont have press conference abt this report its over stop there r other vv important work tha .
also on the illegal immigration problem  people say   why are the democrats in congress doing nothing on the border   the answer is   they.
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
its easy to say  like i once did  companies should be allowed to fail  that illegal immigration should be stopped  .
 simplybeautif71  justifycause  soypalinka007  isiah4congress  aoc illegal immigration is different than legal immigration .
 realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews  potus don t forget to give  justice to the over 1million american .
 lanceatx  sheaserrano his moronic tax cuts aren t a lie  nor his idiotic rollback of lgbt rights  or his braindead .
 realsaavedra  kurtschlichter in the meantime  yuma  az mayor declares a state of emergency as his town is being ov .
 themarkpantano idiot statement  all illegals aren t hispanic for 1  so that makes that statement racist     for 2  a .
 themarkpantano why be discouraged over something fake conservatives say  no real one would defend illegal immigration .
 cnn what for exactly        for not speaking eloquently     for trying to  finally  control illegal immigration        what for  .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home   by kurt schlichter .
total cost of illegal immigration to us taxpayers for 2019 is over  80 billion    buildthewall .
 hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria you forgot that this is at non border points of entry   just like y .
 jstein wapo  ilhanmn  rokhanna  aoc if you re concerned with the budget  why weren t you guys concerned with illeg .
.
 whattheffacts lol people are so delusional  trump isnt trying to destroy mexico  he wants to enforce legal immigra .
 realmattcouch im for stopping illegal immigration but i dont think we should subject them to capital punishment .
 ilhanmn sanctuary cities  the ones that are responsible for far too many illegal foreigners in our country are ref .
 pace ryder  jamesedstrom  sijfg  repleezeldin  realdonaldtrump fun fact   repleezeldin  who refuses to say separat .
 historysleuth  vanrichards  franklin graham  potus the democrats and their talking heads assured us trump wouldnt .
 wkyc i would rather see ohio politicians doing something about healthcare illegal immigration infrastructure i m t .
 themarkpantano illegal immigration is illegal  they shouldn t be voting at all  that s reserved for americans .
 fud buddy  shellyguse  aoc stats indicate that most illegal immigration is people flying in and overstaying visas .
 themarkpantano there is no actual conservative who thinks illegal immigration is a good thing  we can have disagre .
 fairimmigration  dailycaller  amber athey thank you  in the name of who we are illegal immigration costs the wor .
 themarkpantano because of criminally stupid immigration policies   illegal and legal   nearly 90  of all populatio .
 aylafortrump  jamesmstratton the dream act of 2019 introduced by senate judiciary chairman lindsey graham  r s c   .
fourteen states and the district of columbia relied on immigration for more than half of their growth last fiscal y .
 cbsaustin austin is a sanctuary city  murder   rape  child molestation and illegal immigration is ok .
 speakerpelosi  repjerrynadler you two seem to be doing a lot of spinning today  the audacity of you two thugs is a .
 shermanajeffrey  govbillweld  realdonaldtrump he is the most pro life president there has been in recent history  .
 speakerpelosi we are in crisis in ca and you should be busy building a wall or doing something about illegal immig .
 logicrules2  markbann57  randyvera  seanhannity here  start with this  asylum seekers have the right to request as .
 wsj we dont give 2  about stormy daniels  that was 12 years ago  we care about our economy  isis eliminated  be .
 ll2519  tnecvolfanatl  realjack and if he took care of the illegal immigration stuff   i don t think bernie wants to stop illegals .
 paulmodica777 i think the measles has come back from illegal immigration .
 themarkpantano illegal immigration is never good .
 kvue no one  austin is a sanctuary city anything is ok    murder   rape  child molestation   illegal immigration .
 realdonaldtrump  seanhannity  aoc  ingrahamangle we the citizens of the usa ask for protection from illegal immigr .
if you will not take an illegal or refugee into your house  no questions asked then you support a wall and immigrat .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump just stop   enough     quit making it your lifes mission to resist this president .
 ewarren deport illegal aliens  legal immigration moratorium  drain the democrat and nevertrump swamp  and taking t .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 cnn its not worthwhile because every thing they were relying on blew up in their faces now they will go back to illegal immigration.
why trump keeps winning on illegal immigrationissue .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration        via  po st.
in the judges theory or interpretation anything  potus does stopping illegal immigration  trade tariffs  against de .
from 2014   .
proof  demorats have no interest in solving anything involving illegal immigration  they have and will continue to .
what the hell        i get more discouraged every day       i now have  conservatives  telling me that illegal immigration .
 aoc you are responsible for the crisis on the border  your inaction on real problems while you chase unicorns with .
 dcexaminer president trump is doing all he can possibly due   under current law  amp  his presidential authority   to .
 mannfm11 many people paid less taxes last year  middle income people  i know my family has and i talked to many ot .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
 laurastacotruck  cher right now all americans are paying through the nose for illegal immigration  but poor people .
 dcexaminer cost of illegal immigration in 2019  over  20 000 000 000 a month  on any given day  illegal immigratio .
 sen joemanchin wouldnt it be better to be in washington doing whatever it took to help america with real problems .
 reprashida is illegal immigration  blatant disregard of the united states constitution   madame congresswoman .
 priscillahilton wrong  immigration workers have been exposed and contracted while dealing with illegal immigrants from south america .
 dcexaminer in march  over 100 000 illegals came in through the southern border  303 916 illegals entered in 2017 3 .
since illegal immigration crossings are up over 400  thus far in 2019    268 044 so far this year         and a record .
 teambuttigieg  petebuttigieg an administration  the last one  that has no intention of deporting any of the millio .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reform  institute .
 ewarren please use your time to work for infrastructure  income equality  healthcare  illegal immigration .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan     go home    .
 jsawyer1950 no  the dems want to motivate their base of support       without impeachment  president trump is an innoc .
 dadstories  therickwilson because liberal democrats are weasels that dont care about the usa  witness illegal immigration debacle.
watch  reppeteaguilar put illegals before citizens in  california he is suppose to represent citizens not illegal a .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 repandybiggsaz seeking asylum isnt illegal you dolt  why didnt you try and change the asylum laws when the right .
 thedemocrats wrong   you re asking for laws to be broken if it were completely un redacted   congress doesn t need .
 onerealamerica  dncwarroom  lindseygrahamsc great   let them keep driving down that rabbit hole   in the meantime .
 hartoshsinghbal 4 5   illegal immigration of muslim migrants from bangladesh  who are described as infiltrators  .
 wagonknoggin  americanism34  pwhitaker62  michellemcc2353  jessienolson  gatorfanscott  lilithhelborn .
illegal alien smugglers used drone to watch border patrol  1 800 illegals nailed in el paso sector      drone  uav.
 johnmcdonnellmp it s a bit late for labour to change the world after labour gave us an illegal war  and a catastro .
she is making the point that illegal immigration should be  1 on the trump and republican agenda .
 peterzeihan 32 said mexico  this is legal immigration  would be productive to see illegal immigrants information .
 rickadams mn  neontaster i dont get this thinking   please explain   what would make a d candidate worthy   sup .
illegal immigration is destroying the united states  .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
my colleagues  amp  i drove to pinal county to join sheriff mark lamb to walk some of the drug trafficking pathways alo .
 maucducati  gaetasusan  mightybanker  chocknogtoo  ohiobot5000  sarahscunnin  macshivers  nam6870vet  dmon4ever .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 hrenee80 if democrats are concerned with obstruction  then obstructing the president from addressing illegal immig .
 donaldjtrumpjr collusion delusion is over  give it up dumocrats  time to focus on real issues like illegal immigration.
 williamkeating i sincerely hope congress will move forward on issues such as   illegal immigration  health care  i .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue  1  its a real issue   2  national security is absol .
 3anball  historyfan1804  therightmelissa  treeshepard  realdonaldtrump i am an immigrant  legal  americans should .
all s i know is i see jobs coming back  my family s taxes were lower this year for the first time in a long time  a .
 seungminkim wish the dems were this enthusiastic with solving illegal immigration and the issues at the border  and healthcare.
 naftalisafanov  realdonaldtrump nah if you actually knew something about illegal immigration  youd know that most .
 fireguy21  mitchellvii im sick of this   get back to work for the people  fix our illegal  immigration  healthcar .
 stephiegivsnone thats why shes so gung ho on illegal immigration she cant afford a lawn service.
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle impeach for what dumb ass  fix .
 senfeinstein too bad you don t apply the same thought pattern to illegal immigration  .
 realjack well if your main concern is immigration  wouldnt you vote for the person who would handle that  she cle .
 mediamaven06  hogangidley45  whitehouse how cute that you actually believe the things you do without having firsth .
illegal alien smugglers used drone to watch border patrol  1 800 illegals nailed in el paso sector in one day   the .
 justintrudeau nice sounding  amp  virtuous as always mr drama  typically devoid of any substance  u want to invest in .
 sekusa1 the government of californias refusal to abide by immigration laws has led to this mess  living in such s .
 speakerpelosi is there a anyone in the democratic party interested in the american people  all i see is a party be .
radio recap  ag barr takes action on illegal immigration   aclj  jaysekulow  breaking  tcot  video  .
anytime now nancy  please get control of your collection of brats and get something done for the american people  .
 girl gavel  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle he says one of 17 phrases       my favorite     o .
trump plans to get even tougher on illegal immigration  via  dailycaller.
 tomperez your thinking that fighting 4 eliminating illegal immigration  lower taxes   lt drug prices  improved health .
 reprubengallego how much more ignorance and incompetence from you and the democrats more wasted money a witch hunt .
diane abbott s disastrous illegal immigration interview  via  youtube.
 p macb  lambaway  speakerpelosi i love thatso truethis elderly old woman has dimentiashe can t remember w .
 itsmfbilly  haleymsmith00  cailynpalmer im less concerned w illegal immigration and more concerned with these yan .
 impeachdtnow  credomobile the majority of americans will re elect president trump who supports sovereignty  god  l .
 doingright1 nothing  they will kick the can down the road yet again only so they can continue 2 use immigration as .
 monomoyflats  craignj66  renato mariotti  brithume oh really   sanctuary cities are ignoring federal law  only a p .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reform  institute .
 crowdifornia well  we chose to vote for trump who quintupled our illegal immigration .
the trump administration lost a court bid on thursday aimed at  striking down california s  sanctuary  statutes tha .
 tameradicus  andrewpollackfl  aoc never said they are great  i also wonder what illegal immigration they can deal with .
 dualisticmonis1  andrewyang well  no hes not  because he isnt addressing massive  amp  accelerating automation  the .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
 tomperez  no  there is not   everybody knows that getting dirt on an opponent in an election is not illegal and is .
illegal alien smugglers used drone to watch border patrol  1 800 illegals nailed in el paso sector in one day   the .
 darhar981  jamierodr14  dailycaller their plan is in place  allow millions of illegals into our country  divide us .
barr ends catch and release of illegal immigrants .
 speakerpelosi you can start by apologizing to our president  then go to white house and work together on a solutio .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reofrm  institute .
starting in the late 70 s  the professions didn t like it that a person could graduate from high school  join a lab .
 turboberg   andrewyang theyre what mr  trump  talked about   sure  but illegal immigrations been in decline for .
 cherrylicious0  r0gu31tal14n  rwpusa i do not believe conservatives would be open to an increase in eb quota even .
yay  and free college for all illegal kids   what a great deterrent to breaking our immigration laws  .
 themarkpantano sadly i have to agree  unless this human debris is deported  this will render the voice  amp  vote of m .
 bigbass112  realdonaldtrump yes  bills that will keep health care in our country more expensive than elsewhere       t .
 eidotheia  andrewyang illegal immigrations been in decline since obama got elected  doesnt line up  do the math .
 moali886  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters you said it    fool    those that support child sex traffickers  full term .
 davey101101  fslconsult  holgerdanske10  skynews  kateemccann  ukip so you are okay with illegal immigration  eye opening .
 hartoshsinghbal illegal immigration of muslim migrants from bangladesh  who are described as infiltrators       if t .
fix the water in flint no  get the homeless off the street no  stop illegal immigration  no  keep investigating potus  ok idiots .
 campbellclaret  stevebakerhw  garygibbonblog  channel4news  michaelgove why re so many labourites pro mass immigra .
 kilboone   whyzguy   jaredlholt isn t there citizen s arrest or whatchamacallit in the us  in any event  isn t the .
 la teece45  bennetkelley  yelli1972 sure  the southern border isnt the only border crossed  just the most frequent .
 arron banks  nigel farage  brexitparty uk  labour why re so many labourites pro mass immigration of cheap labour t .
 ljrichardson12  cernovich it is well documented that a lot of israeli americans groups are pushing for the illegal .
 c1clay it encourages people to not just think they can flood into our country and become citizens  if that option .
 gavinnewsom the homeless are just going to keep coming   and the numbers are going to keep expanding     until    you po .
heres my new update on the cost of illegal immigration  when will this end  how much more can america take  .
 boothxtraranch  andrewyang illegal immigration has been going down since obama took office  mr  trump certainly ta .
impacts of illegal immigration  diseases .
 cnn  petebuttigieg how can you platform on switch to popular vote and also completely ignore voter fraud and illeg .
 paullerose  realdonaldtrump it s not about fear of asylum seekers  it s about right and wrong   illegal immigratio .
 cherrylicious0  r0gu31tal14n  rwpusa he is a us citizen  and you are completely misrepresenting the law  employmen .
ok so you can t file for your taxes because the illegal immigration has  stolen all of the american people   social .
 ryan reilly78  txtolduso  mkhammer  alyssaeindc read the cnn chyron at the bottom of the screen       you ll see it cl .
one of the biggest issues right now is that the amount of people using californias services and programming far ou .
cher was a big supporter of sanctuary cities and illegal immigration until the idea of locating those immigrants in .
 felipediego56  cityofyuma  whitehouse never had this problem before    lol how do you think 20 million illegal ali .
only committment you get from barr is he follows the law  the law applies to everyone equally  except illegal ali .
 ryan reilly78  txtolduso  mkhammer  alyssaeindc no it wasn t  it was about the border and about illegal immigratio .
 ske2164  isnottweeting  roach71923  rufusjonesiv  iheartmindy  unplannedmovie .
 senfeinstein one of the most infuriating arguments against common sense implementation of immigration laws is that .
i agree with ryan   ilhanmn   our tax dollars are used for immigration practices by our federal government  we dese .
i consider myself against illegal immigration and for stricter border security  but i promise you  its not this se .
dems hate trump policies  gt  withdrawal from the paris accords  dismissal of the iranian nuclear agmt  his tough sta .
 seanhannity dont forget he once slammed comey  then he loved comey    he once was against illegal immigration  th .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary hey you can read can t you  start doing something for the american people  fix immi .
 aoc  rashidatlaib waist more taxpayers money  lets concentrate on improving wages stopping illegal immigration which is hold down  wages.
trump  1st non establishment candidate in decades  no political experience  is immediately attacked by everything a .
 speakerpelosi now get to fucking work and fix the goddamn illegal immigration problem .
 give it up   nocollusionnoobstruction    now try doing some work for  wethepeople and get this illegal im .
now lets get back to illegal immigration  infanticide  voter fraud  etc  and do something about them .
 senwarren you just cannot accept the fact that this was all bs   get over it and fix the illegal immigration probl .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters this is why i believed in you  i knew the story was bs  now please  stop the war in .
 canada64617821  gsecinbtown68 shouldn t the fact that our muslim population has increased 200    300  400  sku the .
 rogue wom that is water under the bridge  actually it is only you liberals and celebrities who make no distinction .
 realjack little children refuse to except things  they have tantrums and cry  the repulsiveness of these democrats .
 andrewyang the problems that got him elected were the economy and illegal immigration  hes already fixed the econ .
government did nothing       rules like this were always exploited by democrats to increase and encourage illegal immig .
 lottecode  channingwalton  charleskriel kiwi accent here   uk citizen by birth  had treatment at moorfields a amp e w .
 sak2068  chicagotribune  barackobama everyone pay tax legal or illegal  only idiot don t realize that  except ille .
 bullsbearsfbn no  inflation pressures hawkish fed  based on illegal legal immigration  wealth effect and cap ex .
 loriemeacham they are not illegal because they are humans   they are illegal because they violated us immigration laws .
 edkrassen  repadamschiff impeach him for what  you all said mueller was getting him and his son was going to be in .
please get illegal immigration loop holes out of our laws  our country is open hearted to legal immigrants  but who .
illegal immigration  spanish ngos to deliver aid supplies to greek islands 18 04 2019  .
 realdonaldtrump never once doubted you  sir   i m proud you are my commander in chief   now  about this illegal immigration thing   .
 gop  lindasuhler  lizrnc so    realdonaldtrump remains   potus much to the chagrin of many  gop folks  in congress .
you see president  realdonaldtrump  its not like immigrants in general dont agree with you about you illegal immi .
when smart people like mr shapiro and ann coulter get a big head and never recover   coulter liked trump for one iss .
 geraldorivera  potus can we please address the illegal immigration issue now  democrats do your job.
 themelyssak  logicrules2  randyvera  seanhannity if they crossed the border without going through established immi .
 speakerpelosi the only starkness  exists between the democrats non message platform of impeach trump  to hell wi .
 joshuachstokes  mosesboyz the obama administration at various times took both approaches  the trump administration .
trump establishes illegal alien fugitive list to nab violent  murderous intruders .
no russia collusion  no crime found  if there was no collusion how could there be obstruction of justice  why don t .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
 corybooker 3 3   you re right in saying elections were stolen  in ca elections were stolen because of all the ille .
 frogmarge  josephnsanberg the democrats really own a lot of whats happening at the border right now and the 1000 .
why president trump keeps winning on the illegal immigration issue  .
 muellerreport thoughts    current regime policy on the border and immigration is basically the president doing the s .
 kg eternally  madlibtheology  evanplatinum trump s failing  badly  do you have any idea what s going on in europe  .
 berniesanders i m not a fan bernie   this i agree fix the immigration and asylum laws  if you re am illegal immigr .
 speakupsal  kag4all  musingsbygritxo there r thousands of misinformed  poorly formed people who claim anyone asser .
 ostinlt  potus gee  you can t figure out from my column that i m not a democrat    rofl giving benefit of doubt to .
 dcexaminer  adamschiff schiff      will you please s  t or get the hell off the pot   get on with your little impe .
 lilbobo6869  kianpourworld because you call anyone who wants to secure our borders  amp  build a wall  racist  because .
 jerrynadler insists on continuing his fishing expedition even with no worms to put on his hook    disgraceful displa .
 senfeinstein common sense laws  in california that is a oxymoron    how about you clean up the homeless and illega .
we live in a dictatorship  a soft one  unlike the kind many of these illegals left  but a dictatorship  we have law .
this really shouldnt be necessary if president trump had done anything during his presidency rather than give corp .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary how about do your job     get off your butt and work with your colleagues to deal w .
 maureendavid17  guardian wow  you are an idiot  a voting bloc which knows he is good for this country  and is tryi .
 christianluna23  carissajune1 yes  it is a factual statement  however  the childs immigration status has nothing t .
 senkamalaharris seems like a legit question considering the costs illegal immigration incurs on taxpayers.
the zionist in wh has promised his zionist friends in bank and other money grubbing org that nothing will be  done about illegal immigration.
 axios mass illegal immigration broken borders drug infusion into country  meh       18 year olds buying tobacco  holy .
 citizen plex  repmattgaetz wow you are not making any sense   those coming over the border illegally are often ask .
new mexico to sue dem gov over immigration crisis       otero county is considering a lawsuit suing democrat gov michel .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue  .
 dscc wonder when the democrat congress will get down to doing the job they were hired to do   how about stopping i .
 derekabma  maximebernier i read his interview  he is for 150k 250k immigrants per year  thats a large number for .
  illegal  wages  immigration  newzealand.
 tired of lies2 i blocked deluca  amp  pals after they blocked me  amp  i wasn t able to respond  the immigration reference .
 hoskins1st  foxnews how much do you think illegal immigration is costing us  and we get nothing for our money .
 cbsnews what a joke  why dont you work on stopping illegal immigration  cant wait to find out which democrats we .
 breaking  complete fraud  anncoulter finally exposes herself as a  socialist  she admits that she would vote for .
 tired of lies2  heatherzammm no  if you read the article by the  brave conservative  daniel horowitz  deluca linke .
 dailycaller the question that begs to be asked of democrats is simple   do u believe in vaccinations   are you con .
 brwskitime  missidc5 it implies no such thing  it is a simple recognition of the fact that he has failed so far on .
the fiscal burden of illegal aliens on u s  taxpayers       .
 realdonaldtrump it s  been on going from the presidential election   lefty dems are dividing our country  only thi .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   must read   maga  gop  nrcc  nrsc  foxnews.
 senblumenthal i think u should spend 6 months there at the border  amp  experience it  that s not immigration  it s no .
i give up  is it that hard for liberals to get why we vote for  realdonaldtrump  conservative justices  low unemplo .
 tamiwas  dougrhowells  kristinraworth most canadians welcome legal immigration  but not juniors illegal future liberal voters .
 waynedupreeshow kasich will get destroyed  amp  humiliated in the primaries and he should reconsider his decision  kas .
and if you think interstate migration of americans is turning red states blue  wait until you see what immigration .
 repaoc  ilhan  reppressley  reprashida aoc s tiny cabal makes no distinction between legal and illegal immigration .
 jmandese  danrather conservative justices  against illegal immigration  against planned parenthood  against the li .
congress can spend  30m of the peoples money on a collusion and obstruction hoax   but cant spend  s protecting a .
 portsec  amnestyusa illegal immigration is a hoax  delete yourself.
 c0lettea nobody in power advocates open borders at all  the left doesn t want illegal immigration either  we alrea .
 mstessmcgill  webetuff democrats have blocked multiple attempts to end the illegal immigration we have  supporting .
86  of white voters believe illegal immigration is bad for america  so do 70  of black voters and 55  of hispanic v .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 bluebeeindaboot imagine if obama knew about  illegal  immigration and did nothing about it .
attorney general barr ends catch and release of illegal immigrant phony asylum seekers  vi .
 kaitlancollins  bretbaier reporters will twist whatever he says for their own agenda   move on    focus should be .
 40thstreetblack how many members are in your party  does your party have the wherewithal to address illegal immigr .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reform  institute .
big talk for a do nothing  prosecute nobody home office  stop virtue signalling and start enforcing the law  the ho .
 chesterwriter  uk sf writer having several million  probably 10 million   strangers  turn up within a few  2  deca .
 jacquel53991286  robin ked  thetruthistell1  celtgunn  rusty1012000  jswdh1  canadiancovfefe  us poll  hawaiiilove .
 ryangirdusky and no wonder why churches are so pro illegal immigration  as they need to keep filling those pews.
one of the greatest pull factors for illegal immigration is the practice of catch and release  where illegal alie .
 cococupcake29  skb sara  lindseygrahamsc instead of working ob an immigration bill to stop this invasion of 100 s .
 jaysclef  deathmetalpat  mtracey you forgot one   americans liked trumps message  bring back jobs  lower taxes and .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 edulamoney  julius s malema malema chased whites away from eff he chased indians away from eff coloureds r not sur .
are there any limits to illegal immigration  .
 fairimmigration  msavaarmstrong  mailonline thats another death at dems doorstep until you sit down and work out .
numbers show each illegal immigrant costs taxpayers  70k per year .
 thedemocrats ive got better things to do with my money  why dont you dems shut up already and do your jobs  aren .
 begonia47  shannonbream fix what  rising economic indicators  rising status internationally  fall unemployment num .
 liveoveaugh  mkdrexel  mandolinwind23  franklin graham  tayloru  vp and by the way the only ones that always  ment .
kick all illegal immigrants away  and leave them against the other border side   unitedstates    immigration      .
or how the immigration propaganda is meant to scare the american people into voting and not realizing the economy w .
 crystal91371840  dilenz2  speakerpelosi no trump is not breaking the law   are you an attorney   trump has been th .
 usatoday funny how they almost glossed over his immigration status  an investigation revealed that he was from me .
 traumarn69  ezekiel11  tonetalks  kimlikesithere  wishbumpycoulda  dailykos  ericboehlert  drjlastword .
no collusion          no obstruction          left   stop wasting taxpayer    for your personal political agenda s   the am .
why trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue  .
connecticut is in horrendous financial condition   it can t afford this expense   this should be yet another warnin .
 ilhanmn really  now you want to help americans then why are you not doing your job protecting those poor americans .
no collusion          no obstruction          left   stop wasting taxpayer    for your personal political agenda s   the am .
 speakerpelosi if the democrats are for the people  why are you not focused on legislation to fix illegal immigrati .
 markskrikorian this is the other half of your earlier tweet  how much does illegal immigration cost and benefit th .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn well seeing you say put a citizen of another country into another illegally it looks like you .
otoh  the supreme court only takes a handful of immigration cases a year and they re pushing out dozens of these il .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
 misshellca  dannaja64danny  maglarod  akvawe66  shellyrkirchoff  provdcrumblover  aiicerobinson  trumpsugar .
 mayorjenny  a2e project everyone loves immigration  even trump   illegal aliens is the argument .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reform  institute .
stop illegal immigration    secure the border  .
 kausmickey obama was strong on illegal immigration  until he wasn t  like creating daca and dapo .
 hmminterdasting  waqarvick this sounds nice as a generalization but considering that aiding criminals could be a .
 judgejeanine  realdonaldtrump time to get back to the serious real problems my country is facin   illegal immigrat .
one america news network   your nation  your news    illegalimmigration via  oann  thats il .
 sethmoulton there is that little matter of legal immigration versus illegal immigration your rule of law twe .
 speakerpelosi we hear you talking but you re not doing anything  impeach now  we are sick and tired of the lack of .
this is an update on the cost of illegal immigration it s amazing how a lot of senators across the country are aski .
.
 cassieirish  shiney2120  joannecangal  grumpy grannie  thejagmeetsingh  rachelnotley actually its trudeau getting .
 catoinstitute there is one overriding argument against illegal immigration  it is illegal .
seems to me that  potus has a great choice for new  dhs secretary     my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immi .
rly cute how my trump supporter coworker demonizes illegal immigration but excuses the human rights infringements a .
 jcalvinws23  11w do you know how much illegal immigration costs this country a year  the wall pays for itself  the .
 dan792bot886  realdonaldtrump  cher here is are some links to a sources i believe is not partial to either side    .
 armysarge84  oversquirrel  sekishel  billpascrell  senatormenendez when you put illegal and legal immigrants into .
 fairimmigration  rtv6 if they ever return to the united states illegally again they should be put in prison   the .
 realdonaldtrump the main reason we vote for our president was illegal immigration if our president doesn t want to .
 cbcalerts the president did nothing wrong  lets get on w illegal immigration  no illegals please .
 markdice  govbillweld that also looks like the chamber where democrats are fighting illegal immigration.
 senfeinstein substitute gun laws for illegal immigration .
 speakerpelosi the american citizens will soon bite back  speakerpelosi    we are sick of these games  we have illega .
pence of the path to stop illegal immigration  to great miners and the drugs that can we face from pouring into these words.
 isolovethelord if the democrats run on obstruction of justice for 2 years  they will lose  people want politicians .
 jesussavedunm  migop coming from a democrat  the party of terrorist  illegal immigration  high taxes   hoaxes and .
the only  fix  needed to stop illegal immigration is enforcement of the existing laws at all levels of our governme .
 kratosliving  karilakefox10 what about the large number of orthodox jews in new york getting measles   that has no .
 yoyo clemente  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  arthelneville  lelandvittert i apologize yoyo  took you so l .
 rbdublei  parkskmbz or individuals that create the magnet for illegal immigration by offering jobs to them  his at .
 edisbackkag2020  dixierebelforce  speakerpelosi  must be replaced with someone who is willing to work with .
do the dems do anything other than attack our president   my god get to work  our country wants illegal immigration .
 moej4242  saveamerica97  reelect20  costumer85  bagshere  cali tracii  redwinggrips  realmattwalter  godsgirl158 .
 agbecerra you dont want to work with the federal government to enforce our immigration laws  but bitch when the f .
 karilakefox10 not a popular opinion  but it is my belief that all of these third world diseases that america got r .
 senschumer no   chuck  what is in the report is not obstruction  so stop these useless investigations  amp  do the wor .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump lost all credibility    oh wait  this coming from someone who has no credibility  s .
today  i want illegal immigration .
 v8pow  veritasu77 maybe  but a good half of those would recoil in horror if you told them that they actually voted .
 sidneypowell1  realdonaldtrump  potus this is the best thread and should be the blueprint  potus  dhsgov use to st .
 ewpcasey  thehill the non white people didn t  start showing up   immigration laws were changed in 1965 with the 1 .
why trump keeps winning on illegal immigrationissue  .
 csalafia dehumanizing people just like you are doing accusing innocent americans who want illegal immigration stop .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
the fake news and their dirty little secrets  we need our elected officials to be held accountable for the ridiculo .
population is spiking due to illegal immigration  exactly how is this a good thing for our state    .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 qualifyfor  mdgmedia  bigpicguy  torontostar a dreamer is an illegal  but nice twist    the african refugees leaving .
 1peepersmom  realdonaldtrump 1  only a tiny fraction of wall is going to be built       2  the wall would have no effe .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home      .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 euphoriceuler  sifill ldf you shouldnt  illegal immigration is bad for american young men .
 herbsuperb2  survivor1325  tomilahren illegal immigration is at an all time low so 1  it s unnecessary and 2  it g .
god bless you  mr  president  the witchhunt is over  let s go on solving the illegal immigration crisis  that is co .
any one out there that is suffering the cost of hc and can t afford prescriptions you can thank poeple llike nadler .
 abhidhabi5  matthewschmitz trump doesn t oppose legal immigration     conflating legal and illegal is sophomoric political nonsense .
 shannonbream congress confirmed barr   stop wasting time and our tax dollars   get to work on legislation   illega .
 realdonaldtrump now you can finally get down to the business of    immigration  legal and illegal    no anchor babies  .
 mmarty1230  jerrynadler  speakerpelosi  senschumer  adamschiff  repadamschiff  reptedlieu  repmaxinewaters .
talking about serious things        invitation of president nord coreen in washington   fight against drugs    and ille .
 deeenst  dmhalix  ciaagofficial  shasta77777 obviously you haven t read the article deluca s  brave conservative  .
 chadpergram more time and tax dollar wasting    congress needs to focus on illegal immigration   the border and healthcare insurance.
 nonesuchnews  fightclub  penguinnews  as am me always feared  am  penguinwars am begun    rt  a toxic penguin  do yo .
 jakejakeny being in favor of illegal immigration is not the winner that the democratic party thinks it is .
 owasemzantsi  montecarllov  g xcon illegal immigration has been with us ever since borders were created it s not a .
illegal immigration  globalism and christianity .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push .
new post   why trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue  .
 repmattgaetz come up with a viable new immigration law that will not let illegal aliens seek amnesty  include e ve .
illegal immigration must be stopped to save america  ingrahamangle  whitehouse  foxnewssunday  thefive .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push .
 senfeinstein now do illegal immigration .
nearly one million migrant children could enter the  usa  either unaccompanied or with their border crossing parent .
some problems  like illegal immigration  require multiple solutions at once  that doesn t mean any one solution is bad .
 baazillla  governortomwolf oh c mon   you re in west chester real nice there   i m in s philly   i see more of thi .
the us commission of civil rights concluded that illegal immigration has a significant negative impact on minority .
 loupalumbo  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream i wanted to make a point for ubi  support yangs common sens .
 ariarmstrong why point out that they are southerners  you d call that xenophobia or racism if someone brought up r .
 carypigman no sanctuary cities  they are a magnet to more illegal immigration  those in our country illegally   th .
 repalbritton no sanctuary cities  they are a magnet to more illegal immigration  those in our country illegally   .
 katebennett dc i can t imagine anything less important  unless it delves into her illegal work and immigration history  birtherism  etc.
 blohundur  kassydillon  asheschow comparing illegal immigration to alcohol and nicotine use is a not a good idea  .
 bonkers45  migop hes the only republican potus who would meet in the middle and help us all  want health care  sto .
 gamer7629  crushthecfr  donaldjtrumpjr no  shes just a skeezer who boned a rich guy for money and lied on her vis .
 senschumer why dont you work on immigration    we dont want any more ms13 dumped on long island  did you forget wh .
 fairimmigration  wsj  janetadamy  poverberg wait until the deportations start       failure to appear for a court date .
icymi  the us must rescue central america from organized crime networksusing financial sanctions  law enforcement .
i have heard of quite a few of these guys lately   congress should do their job   and fix our immigration laws   th .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push .
 verminlord nate  no6 theprisoner  raniakhalek as i wrote  felony      a felony or a  misdemeanor amounting to a br .
 realdonaldtrump i am just lmao at how many liberal heads explode from pure hate  even for no reason  i love how so .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump dimorats lost credibility long ago      my kids threw temper tantrums    they were 2 .
 speakerpelosi it s over move on already infrastructure and illegal immigration  medical are waiting for passage  l .
you can t expect to be welcomed in any country if the first thing you do as an immigrant is brake that countries im .
 dalton642  jackrya50620212  terrieg633  suzanadanza  repmarkmeadows lets now move forward  quit the theatrics of .
 ap4liberty  alexnowrasteh  kwosnewsradio   alexnowrasteh is completely right  when you make things like guns  drug .
 mimsyyamaguchi  superrobii  rolandsmartin  prisonreformmvt illegal immigration profoundly harms black america driv .
photo from my meeting with president  realdonaldtrump    among the issues discussed    mass incarceration of porcupine .
.
nothing is clearer than your hate and contempt  you were elected to pass meaningful legislation like illegal immigr .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream democrats resist republicans for the hell of it        not for .
 alyssa milano you get that out of a reaction about  independent counsels   you d most likely try and raise money f .
 realamymholmes now amy  if democrats focused on real issues affecting real people  theyd know that real people ca .
on yesterday s episode of declaring liberty  i explained that bernie sanders can beat trump on the issue of illegal .
.
  naunie b sarcasm dummy on illegal immigration as act of not a leader  where the hell out contract  there certainly is plenty else .
illegal immigration has swelled to an invasion because we send the wrong message with sanctuary cities and refusing .
 repjerrynadler what are you  amp  your dems cohorts are going to do about the border  illegal immigration  china  russ .
 texas rep proposes cutting  foreignaid to offset  illegalimmigration costs  video   via .
 ryanafournier yup  it s the old   not in my neighborhood   let someone else suffer with the crime  homeless  pover .
.
previously deported felon arrested again  we need the wall now and better laws against illegal immigration  .
 gopchairwoman  lizpeek dc investigates itself again   and again while the country s future goes to the backburner  .
you re paid by americans to introduce bills on behalf of america  like illegal immigration reform  not run endless .
don t look for barr to back down any  he will continue to assist trump in two ways to get trump reelected    1  attac .
please tell me again how a fucking wall will stop illegal immigration when in the past few years that visa overstay .
unjust war  isis  terrorism  refugees  5 million manufacturing jobs lost  8 million americans foreclosed on  billio .
 kriskobach1787  trump outsourced more high paying  jobs to  india than any president in history   h1b abuse  amp  ille .
 mmsmeehan  bryanmhowell  realdonaldtrump the hate is because hes telling the truth and he loves the usa  strange .
the democrats time has run out  there will be justice for america when all you crooked thugs are behind bars for yo .
 granite pundit  senatorsinema  dhsgov ice isn t the problem at all i agree  but a wall isn t the solution or even .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
really  there isn t a scintella of illegality here you know it  the only starkness is your clown show which has mis .
  realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viol .
here s some food for thought  three new ways for congress to legalize undocumented citizens  read more below        .
 rbyn rox  derrick11867832  stephen7782  cher you lack basic knowledge  also have no understanding of difference be .
gop senator says he is  extremely worried  about illegal immigration  .
 geraldorivera  dalsmunson  realdonaldtrump i disagree with you on immigration and the illegal alien invasion  but .
 realchrismdoyle  soutiam21 not scared of building walls though are they  be they cyber or physical  berlin  unless .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 bustthegop  gopwhite  mattrellen  bunny mello  actdefiance  bloodyval69  john12snow  djmobey  duncombe cher .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 trish regan they should be worrying about the illegal immigration problem here instead of still trying to catch th .
 debssssm yeah bc wanting to reduce illegal immigration for real reasons  a law they are breaking btw  totally has .
 speakerpelosi ms pelosi  how much more millions of taxpayers    amp  time are you dems going to spend just to get the .
this is what bjp wants to do for all states  is the problem of illegal immigration so big    the wire  the death of a .
dear dems now that you have wasted 3 yrs and billions of dollars on a hoax   how about some actual work  the illega .
is there a reason you don t want ag barr to speak  seems like you re running scared bro  instead of obstructing tra .
this is pretty much how it is when people with common sense ask reasonable questions about mass illegal immigration .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump heres an idea chuck  do something about illegal immigration .
gop senator says he is  extremely worried  about illegal immigration  via  theijr.
deport  send them back         australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants .
 1andall allfor1 i d stick the pricks in the nauru gulag for six years  they are shameful racist scum  and think th .
 splcenter  icegov blacks are outnumbered by hispanics because of illegal immigration but i never see you pay any a .
 morning joe  petebuttigieg but trump isn t being confronted because he says he s a christian but has sex with men  .
 dwildridge  lauralundahl or you could focus in the real problem that there is no legal route for many of them  so .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
 amnestyusa agreed  but only if one follows the right procedures  illegal immigration is not one of them .
 senkamalaharris other than to help with immigration reform you choose to let it ride and botch  offer to help the .
yuma  ariz   declares state of emergency as its resources to handle illegal aliens are over run       governor of ari .
 cnnpolitics  cnnbrk this whole investigation was based on a phony dossier paid for by hillary clinton    this thin .
 taxreformexpert illegal immigration.
epic fail  univision attempts to skirt issue of cost of illegal immigration   news  feedly.
 gopleader  katrinapierson its time for the demorats to start doing their real job like help fix our broken immigr .
in this episode of the  mullinpointspodcast  i discuss the national security threat of illegal immigration       .
 granite pundit  senatorsinema  dhsgov a wall won t stop illegal immigration  when about 40 50  of illegal immigran .
 adrianastuijt  nypdnews  nypdpsa7 illegal immigration has been a major problem  and the effects can t be ignored a .
australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants     superpatriots.
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration .
wake up call   whos kids are getting pushed to the side to make room in a system already overloaded        more kids l .
when are the  democrats going to address the illegal immigration problem we are facing right now  .
 c0lettea there is absolutely no way in hell you would be able to link her fatal dose back to illegal immigration  .
 operation streamline  is meant to deter illegal  immigration with criminal charges but has long raised due process .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream almost all older dems in house  amp  senate  schumer pelosi  vote .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 ewnupdates the da seems to be the only party that  takes the issue of illegal immigration serious     all we want .
 aoc two diffrent presidents like pelosi and schumer along with obama and feinstein on illegal immigration and thei .
one story of  muellerreport is the   of times trump s staff were asked to take illegal actions by trump or tried to .
i think you and your party need to publicly acknowledge that you have wasted 657 days and 30m in taxpayer dollars o .
 1 free man  qjames  tuckercarlson  ericswalwell and when umteen democrats talk about securing the border with wall .
 waynedupreeshow think hard you wont win americans found out how dishonest politicians are most of you have a lot .
 pleasethink1776  gop sorry  according to the dhs and department of immigration  visa overstays account for less th .
 isiah4congress  aoc it s naive to believe that allowing illegal foreign nationals to pour into this country is in .
 bordernews several of these long wait times and delays may be because hundreds of customs officers  assigned to th .
can we say  no collusion    wendy williams update and bernie sanders illegal immigration .
 katiepavlich another leftist tactic  conflate two  different ideas  legal immigration with illegal and now hacking .
 pamfowler62  bennyjohnson cnn blatantly lies and distorts   this is easy to see   trump may have some personal iss .
 my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home    kurt schlichter .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 repmattgaetz  repmattgaetz  seriously your missing the pile of crap among the trees  radical socialist democrat le .
 katalin pota  hanxfingers  euroyankeeblog coulter is  not  part of the system  ask the bushes   it s just a case o .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump apparently  everyone agrees that there was not collusion expect you and your brother .
 kamalaharris quit wasting my taxpayer dollars on this crap   go do something on illegal immigration  .
 warp reality youre ignoring that theres a reason for immigration laws and quotas making certian types of immigra .
kris kobach  stop illegal immigration by ending remittances to mexico        via  breitbartnews.
 repswalwell  realdonaldtrump trump is innocent of all the illegal acts you said he did  end of story   get back to .
 kamalaharris yeah right  congress needs to fix the illegal immigration crisis and not spend taxpayer dollars on a bs democrat hoax.
 cher  lwhaynes there is a legal immigration process that people universally approve of   it s not fair to welcome .
stop abortion anarchy in alberta       then canada  one province at a time           then stop immigration          no need for .
what s the reason for the democrats  support of illegal immigration  take a look at  sanctuarycitychicago politics  .
 armysarge84  oversquirrel  sekishel  billpascrell  senatormenendez read it  it conflate legal and illegal immigrat .
 betoorourke illegal immigration is the dems get out the vote campaign.
 cbsnews  paulareidcbs now will the democrats start protecting our republic  build the wall  and deport illegal ali .
 kamalaharris how about you stop wasting our money and get to work  off the campaign trail and fix our illegal immi .
 speakerpelosi how can democrats fight so hard against nothing    you are seriously disgusting people       change the im .
 54cpo  kelc3171  awesomelystacey  tufftiffresists  aaronfife007  thegoodgodabove  realdonaldtrump  potus .
 apenguin215  gnoll110  rainmaker1973  odtorson  sigh    illegal immigration is much lower than it was ten years ago  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 silenthunteruk1  gaedelprete dont condone that either way but there is a big problem w illegal immigration in ame .
 the wolfshifter it is tragic that you had to witness such a thing  while i wont argue that illegal immigration i .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants  trump train .
chuck and mark offer up a possible solution for our illegal immigration issue  check out this episode of  bft for m .
 ilhanmn here s one way to help     stop the endless flow of illegal immigration who suck up the resources designed .
 jonathanmweiss tnc joins ye in surprise pro maga move   the economy is better under trump for blacks and illegal .
 jwanderson1974  9news 9 news is always very liberal pc with all illegal immigration issues  its ridiculous.
  colonative  9news undocumented is the world the left has intentionally used to make you think there not illegal  .
to prey on the fears of his own fellow ecuadorians is illegal and intolerable  we filed second lawsuit against buit .
 hogangidley45 or better yet  lets get a president in there who will implement common sense ideas to halt this numb .
why is chicago selling out it s culture to illegal immigration    gt  at least  34 billion in federal funding for prog .
 oann  youtube  pearsonsharp stop the illegal immigration europe  .
if get her rationale   current illegal immigration is literally destroying our culture    hence our country  coult .
how are you going to protect people who are trying to get to work  who are trying to get groceries  who are trying .
 maziehirono will you give it a rest already    we all know how much you hate trump because he defeated hillary and .
savage  trump just set the internet on fire by promoting chers tweet on illegal immigration  via  ilmforg.
 afbranco   cher the love       cher was a big supporter of sanctuary cities and illegal immigration until the idea .
carl demaio can t seem to get it through his thick skull that most republicans are not going to help president trum .
 capitalandmain if you report on pressing issues how about reporting about the crisis in yuma  az and all across ou .
 seanrule11  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump unemployment rates are at an all time low  patriotism is stri .
 nytimes  peterbakernyt some people see only what they want to see  and if you can t see that a wall or some kind o .
 vmac515  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump unemployment rates are at an all time low  patriotism is stringe .
 larsthpstem  guyverhofstadt  rtenews does anyone like illegal immigration  other than illegal immigrants and traffickers .
 speakerpelosi stop digging nancy  put your shovel up  amp  start governing  how about looking at some major problems w .
 bobbyl az  skonialo  kimstrassel illegal immigration has been an ongoing issue for 30 years  this didn t happen overnight  took decades .
 kochindustries how about backing trump on stopping illegal immigration  u r fighting 4 cheap labor that drives dow .
yes   words i don t ever use because they re lies     minority  as in poc     third world    developing  country     il .
 awful  heinous  crimes are polluting society  we can  change this and make a difference  these crimes should never .
related    the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    i agree   we have to keep holding th .
 realdonaldtrump why has illegal immigration been on the rise under you   obama saw repeated declines  guess he fig .
australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants .
 australia cut illegal  immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal  migrants .
 trumpwarroom  rentonmagauk damn right it did  including doing nothing about illegal immigration for 2 years and counting   .
with president trumps attempts at decreasing illegal immigration seeing opposition from democrats  he is now looki .
every time trump suggests something   anything   to address illegal immigration  his opponents say it can t or shou .
 porbotialora this is according to 2001 census  at the rate with which they grow  estimate a 10 15  increase in .
 bobbyl az  skonialo  kimstrassel if you haven t looked around lately  our country has descended into mass  lawless .
 realdonaldtrump while they are at it   birthright citizenship must be addressed or they will keep coming  make it .
 jxhnbinder why arent we taxing remittances sent to the countries of origin to pay for these people     either we ta .
 bobbyl az  skonialo  kimstrassel if you haven t looked around lately  our country has descended into mass lawlessn .
sanctuary cities and illegal immigration   let s talk about it   via  youtube  yes2020.
the cost of illegal immigration 4 18 2019  updated weekly    how many border walls could we have built with that 80 b .
 marklevinshow so typical for the hypocrats   easy to find similar examples of their thoughts on illegal immigration pre 2000 to now .
the left showed their real agenda when trump threatened to send the illegal aliens to sanctuary cities  turn red st .
 repadams please put aside your hate toward our president long enough to understand the negative repercussions for .
 burntoutcase go back to school  immigration in this country was  by todays standards  illegal its how this cou .
 tobinator44  cecpetes  wiley77 to be fair we are more supportive of child labour than illegal immigration.
 foxnews .
  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and incarceration costs    so  why do .
 gkeile  bluesingincat you clearly don t  get  her  illegal and  legal  immigration is destroying america and the w .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   foxnews.
 canadianlass99  cecpetes  wiley77 you guys frown on illegal immigration  yall thinking about building a wall .
amen to that       my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 massvwatches  raniakhalek so you support armed civies corralling people at the border  as opposed to alerting the .
this is what the democrats want to run on  get trump  the american people care about other things  like illegal imm .
 speakerpelosi  gameover now get your sorry ass back to work and build the damn wall and let s get some common sens .
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump if i had my way he d be king  royalty    i don t care hes rich    i don t care he s a .
 mainat charity begins at home    they have their own problems    brexit   maga trade wars   illegal immigration  europe an .
 robertc62158696  moveon  ilhanmn  usclimatestrike  israhirsi  potus or offer any solutions to anything like illegal immigration   .
 herxxxangel  kelc3171  awesomelystacey  tufftiffresists  aaronfife007  thegoodgodabove  realdonaldtrump  potus .
 anncoulter pres  trump is fighting illegal immigration you should write more on specific congressman  congress mak .
 martynbigdog  jamken22  luizadinea  holtholt99  ste942000  kevin maguire trying to say you will always have illega .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary special prosecutor mueller and ag barr concluded no american colluded with russians .
 realdonaldtrump agreed  mr  president please stop illegal immigration  get the guard or military we cant have tho .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 cnnbrk in the mean time  what is the dem controlled congress doing about the illegal immigration crises  infrastructure  etc  .
 harleyride  aoc  ewarren i still dont see you on the border with your family and your plan to stop illegal immigr .
 midwestindpndnt pete roberts    good source  he just helped you prove the gop is complicit in accommodating illega .
to the libs and dems who refuse to acknowledge the illegal immigration crisis at the southern border  this will c .
to the libs and dems who refuse to acknowledge the illegal immigration crisis at the southern border  this will c .
to the libs and dems who refuse to acknowledge the illegal immigration crisis at the southern border  this will c .
to the libs and dems who refuse to acknowledge the illegal immigration crisis at the southern border  this will c .
to the libs and dems who refuse to acknowledge the illegal immigration crisis at the southern border  this will c .
 anncoulter couldn t be serious about voting for the  bernster even though i believe illegal immigration to be as g .
to the libs and dems who refuse to acknowledge the illegal immigration crisis at the southern border  this will c .
 nationalist kag  sandybeach0724 she is going off the rails but i see where she coming from  president trump was go .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
 gopleader  kimguilfoyle fix illegal immigration      get to work .
 martynbigdog  jamken22  luizadinea  holtholt99  ste942000  kevin maguire illegal immigration will never end until .
 martynbigdog  mad dan eccles  luizadinea  holtholt99  ste942000  kevin maguire ive never advocated for illegal immigration .
as of today april 18th 2019 this is the cost to americans from illegal immigration updated in real time .
this is my elegant  uncomplicated comprehensive immigration reform plan  if we did not invite you in  if you didn .
 jamken22  mad dan eccles  luizadinea  holtholt99  ste942000  kevin maguire because 1 they shouldnt be in europe  amp  .
 aalarcongr  realchristianob maga is dead because trump has failed to deliver anything like what maga promised  no .
can we finely put this russian collusion crap to bed  its done  its over  lets move onto bigger real threats  su .
 callmecarsonyt immigration should be illegal for birds.
 joannlsuluvr  znewsnet yeah serious problems  like knowing mass immigration is the biggest threat to america   illegal and legal .
 mad dan eccles  jamken22  luizadinea  holtholt99  ste942000  kevin maguire so you believe illegal immigration is good .
 jlawrence10  roket gal  ryangirdusky i wish this president was able to do more about illegal immigration because c .
 jerpaderpa  anncoulter sounds pretty reasonable to me  also would be great if the left didn t call people nazis fo .
you dont define what weapons of war are   that is incredibly vague   stop being soft on criminals and illegal immi .
 bettemidler we will never make progress until we stop illegal immigration   buildthewall  bordercrisis.
 thehill think how much money wed free up if democrats werent encouraging illegal immigration and that huge expense.
 myselfandjust  icegov i agree  let s enforce the laws on the books  the system is broken from the point that nothi .
 martinheinrich nothing to see martin  move along  hey there s an illegal immigration crisis at our border .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 laist  mayorofla illegal immigration wasn t the issue back in wwii  stfu eric and fix gas prices  homelessness  an .
 hlaurora63  rosedixontx and all the while the  b  pelosi is in ireland pandering against the potus and brexit  all .
 gladius magnus  sanachnaa  bbcpolitics what is racist about that   being concerned about the amount of immigration .
 anncoulter this will not flip a single trump supporter to bernie as he has not supported the president to combat i .
 usaterritoryborderviolationenterresident    illegalimmigration    1620ys colonyera essentialworker         1776ys us .
 ooolson  steveomn81  jeanjend  startribune this means mn needs to deport illegals and not give them drivers licens .
i would rather be watching a solution to the illegal immigration problem being worked on   closetheborder .
 dragonlord741 yeah  the techniques get dirtier and dirtier  increasing the number of supreme court justices and lo .
australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants  trump train .
 patrici15767099 great  now lets build a wall to cancel illegal immigration .
 ooolson  steveomn81  jeanjend  startribune you are stretching  amp  trying to twist the comments   i said we should no .
    tiffanymarie  thecarczarspage  berniesanders  realdonaldtrump compare the immigration levels to the us and you .
 countrygoingcr1  lisalamantia8  steph93065  laura co 9  nat just nat  aoc  ilhanmn  holocaustmuseum and as i expla .
 charliekirk11 rake them over the coals they give billions of to illegal immigration amp slew of other programs that do .
 countrygoingcr1  lisalamantia8  steph93065  laura co 9  nat just nat  aoc  ilhanmn  holocaustmuseum follow the law .
question of the day   if one wanted to create a permanent underclass in the us who could not     vote    seek justice i .
 misshellca  nobodyinco  spaceforcebravo  phil mckraken  alterhan  faihad  markkdinges  omgbecky123456  pwrcane1 .
 countrygoingcr1  lisalamantia8  steph93065  laura co 9  nat just nat  aoc  ilhanmn  holocaustmuseum our country wa .
 springsteps  roket gal  ryangirdusky you sound knowledgeable about these matters  thank you    do you really believe .
 themarkpantano mass immigration is the issue   illegal and legal   probably seventy million mostly unneeded  high  .
 fatherfathersconstitutionimmigration govlegalauthoritypermit fatherfathersterritoryborderviolation   illegalimmigr .
 pbhushan1 donkey you protect terrorist and illegal immigration and always get scolded by court for your donkey log .
 aoc simply put  we ll just bus them all to your district and you can figure out how to deal with the influx of ill .
 muskyman1963  justdeplorible  cathibrgnr58 i m sorry  are those 100k illegal immigrants a month trying to cross ou .
there are several more things that could be added  to immediately stop illegal immigration  the most important is t .
this is crazy enough to work     my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 larryjones2645  who  whoafro  who europe  pahowho  whoemro  whosearo  whowpro  drtedros in fact it could come from .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 speakerpelosi you are certainly not stupid  therefore  i must conclude that you are corrupt  you know that rampant .
 kriskobach1787 not what we voted for    potus promised to put american workers first   illegal immigration and leg .
fourteen states and the dc relied on immigration for more than half of their growth last fiscal year  census bureau .
 juliereichwein1 she has consistently said illegal immigration is the biggest issue and shes willing to vote for a .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
an arcade collectible card game about illegal immigration in the us .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 brithume the sad thing is they are so blinded with hatred they cant see how the american people are just sick of .
 gwenmchone  lisamei62  breitbartnews historically socialism was against illegal immigration because it hurts the w .
 shulygalili  fechtmeyer these are not mutually exlusive  we should protect the borders  prevent illegal immigratio .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 presnate4  michael4prezi make our orders stronger and tighten security  we have to end the illegal immigration and .
 melski1  dgpurser california schools have been destroyed by illegal immigration  they are busting at the seams  cl .
 steveomn81  ooolson  jeanjend  startribune and by the way to keep a seat is no reason for immigration   first and .
 ilhanmn i agree  lets bulid the wall  and take care of american children  illegal immigration is killing our sw st .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
we are seeing 10s of 1000s of unskilled workers being brought onto the market  and that is going to have a negative .
 jedkolko  upshotnyt could the growth be sustained with legal immigration  or is illegal immigration the only option .
gee  i wonder how did this happen  hmmmm  maybe illegal immigration  yep        .
yes  this is clearly what the current gop base wants  not an end to jobs offshoring  illegal immigration  and trill .
if bernie sanders wins the nomination  he is a serious threat to president trump       listen to this entire episode of .
 giobassofficial good luck out there   today i will be starting in duluth minnesota where i will talk about my goal .
 washingtonpost or another headline  barr follows the law and resist the urge to enable more illegal immigration .
 csalafia you can keep trying to twist words to support illegal immigration and support all the crimes committed by .
come continue to support me today in duluth minnesota where i will talk about my goals to improve our country s bor .
 americanewsroom these democrats are tearing this country apart with the help of fake news and lying bureaucrats to .
 cvpayne beta is nothing more than a con man     but as i think about it  thats pretty much how most dems in gover .
pelosi going to federal prison after gop congressmen announced this secr     via  youtube hu .
 owasemzantsi  montecarllov  g xcon i think gayton is talking about opening borders which is a legal thing  illegal .
 michael4prezi immigrants can come across our borders  but they need to do it legally  illegal immigration is a hug .
 .
honorable chauncey i  brown iii r passaic county committeeman    democrats stop  illegal  immigration  save  american .
 flamxsonmyskin  antic0ry there should be an immigration moratorium  no more immigrants  legal or illegal  for the .
who is for our government getting back to work for we the people now that recess is over   just think how much our co .
honorable chauncey i  brown iii r municipal vice chairman 2015 2018  democrats stop  illegal  immigration  save .
 katgirlkaren  itsreallybrant  joemcelyea1  pulpbomb  msignorile  realdonaldtrump zero   i am against illegal immig .
illegal immigration is no joke nowadays  so i will try my absolute best to continue to improve our borders and secu .
 frankneuville  jkcarnah actually the republican party is  we want safe  legal immigration  not illegal immigration .
 speakerpelosi illegal immigration is  1 issue in usa  you are a traitor nancy  little girls being raped over  amp  ove .
paterson gop president chauncey i  brown iii    democrats stop  illegal  immigration  save  american  citizens first  .
 hoppykercheval         immigration is    vastly different    than illegal immigration        most embrace immigration     not illegal immigration .
 biggyant  repswalwell united states of south america  true  lets end illegal immigration.
 davidforelpaso  donnacampbelltx  sentedcruz  johncornyn  texassenategop el paso county commish  if you dont live o .
chauncey i  brown iii r nj assembly 2005 2007    democrats stop  illegal  immigration  save  american  citizens first .
how dumb can you be to try and cross the border with weapons during an illegal immigration crisis  .
 42tribez  iwashington i want illegal immigration to carry a political penalty for democrats  that way theyll come .
 democrats stop  illegal  immigration  save  american  citizens first   paterson girl allegedly  kidnapped   raped .
10  problem  that s a great place to be in a nation where 79  of voters believe that illegal immigration is bad for .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 seravorn  dbseymour you mean something obama has been doing for years  if you stop illegal immigration  forced ref .
 realdonaldtrump   president trump   the best  wall  to stem illegal immigration from mexico is very heavy fines on .
      lt change the subject gt       illegal alien non citizens unauthorized immigrati .
 cynchamplin presidential issues in order of importance  liberal edition        1  illegal immigration    2  abortion    3  .
 desertveteran  tampke  reluctantlife4m  davidhogg111 illegal immigration is the lowest it s been in years  it s no .
can someone please explain  howeaving the eu will stop illegal immigration from india  pakistan  sri lanka  africa  .
 travedward  politico for the uneducated the majority of illegal immigration 60  is from people staying on over ext .
 marksimoneny mark  its all they have   otherwise people will look at their horrible policies on illegal immigrati .
 3  bernies mcfa  requires automatic enrollment of individuals at the time of birthand at the time of immigratio .
 chuckcallesto  mslilliemaga this is why we need to dtop illegal immigration and make sure we allow immigration based on merit .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 speakerpelosi enough of this nonsense   democratic leadership is truly embarrassing  trying to impeach a duly elec .
 catsittingstill  gnoll110  rainmaker1973  odtorson yeah the border issue is pretty weird  if i remember correctly .
 lucy2300090  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump so weve covered safetyeconomy reducing illegal immigration  sover .
 rebeccajoc thats it  used in a sentence if you dont follow the legal immigration process you could be an illegal immigrant .
 asavagenation during one segment of your radio program dr savage  the federal government will  50 million dollar o .
us immigration policies are so bad that i m understanding why illegal immigrants are coming in ffs.
 probablymonty i most commonly do this with  illegal immigrant  or  illegal immigration   they re not our house sty .
 kurtschlichter   my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants  .
 isiah4congress  aoc american isn t a race you fool  illegal immigration hurts every american  not just what you ca .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home  trump2020  .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump replace democrat party in place of nadlers name  speakerpelosi   i am so tired of .
 donaldjtrumpjr that is funny because onto the next hoax youre absolutely right this is a disgrace they are betray .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
 cher omg   you wanted to welcome illegal immigration  i am in a sanctuary city  and soon state  and i dont want th .
      this is what obama law does to our justice systemyou ever have this feeling in ur gut that .
illegal immigration  globalism and christianity .
 frankegiardina  oann thank you for this post  i have many illegal aliens in my classroom  they are great kids who .
what is your definition of illegal in the case of immigration  you are  bought and owned it has been that way for a .
 speakerpelosi you are done  get illegal immigration under control  you folks are liars and hurt our country  move .
illegal immigration is the single most important issue       if we do not put a stop to illegal immigration  then every .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump it s time for you and the obstructionist dems to get to work and fix  illegal immigrat .
donald trump has been threatening out of anger to relocate illegal immigrants to sanctuary cities  though he may be .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump demand positive energy for america and cease and desist in every person who gets in .
.
 cbcpolitics lies  he intends to build that pipeline as much as he intends to stop illegal immigration  it s all sm .
 cspanwj    most people bicker about bs about russian collusion  while us congress ignores illegal immigration impact .
illegal immigration  globalism andchristianity  .
wth  listen  i understand the frustration regarding illegal immigration  amp  border security  i get it  i m upset too  .
 musingsbygritxo  danpatrick  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump this is exactly the narrative we need to be driving  i .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
.
 metalmadness66  politico and yet the economy is roaring  other nations don t talk down to us anymore  and illegal .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 n21 ramonperez  realdonaldtrump  qanon76 i said it would slow down the importation of drugs  not stop them  human .
 lucy2300090  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump there is significant evidence that illegal immigrants actually make your .
 mmaps thepro i am non s a born citizen in s a and i love the eff but the policy on immigration needs to be revisit .
 whitehouse nice  now let get to governing  eliminate the deficit  eliminate illegal immigration  including visa ov .
 paulhsharky  davidschneider  emwilliamscccu restriction of the right to work also increases illegal immigration  w .
 campingthyme  battlebison  raniakhalek illegal immigration would not occur if not for easily exploitable welfare p .
 if we wish to stop illegal immigration  we must close loopholes and correct laws to allow the government to detain .
hey liberals its over       realdonaldtrump won fair and square     you guys are total idiots      do us all a favo .
2  they are a party of   a  political propaganda  amp  lies w  msm    b  red tapes in federal government for entitlements  .
 immigration  training for  recruiters and  employers   preventing illegal working workshop    gatwick   wednesday .
 cahumandev  zoom us it is almost as though our immigration system should be focused 100  on bringing mr  yuan and .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 nevadajack2 he admitted that illegal immigration makes us less safe  .
 ryangirdusky  anncoulter illegal immigration should be the most important issue for trump supporters  illegals are .
 shulygalili it is almost as though our immigration system should not be focused on processing hundreds of thousand .
 realkylemorris how in the world can any illegal migrant be eligible in the first place  they are in violation of f .
 jeffreytoobin why doesn t picking and choosing laws to enforce  by dozens of dem hacks regarding illegal immigrati .
if you want to come how liberal pain today  and i know you do  you might want to check out my latest  townhallcom .
 ingrahamangle i think trump is very qualified to be our president and that should be all that we need to know let  .
 boxer751  regguyracer  brighambaybay  sfviris  albernstein  charliekirk11 if your concern is about illegal immigra .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 kasternicholas i am not advocating support for illegal immigration in any way shape of form  just wanted to make that clear .
 nobodyinco  spaceforcebravo  phil mckraken  alterhan  faihad  markkdinges  omgbecky123456  pwrcane1  fnicholasr .
 buds mom  thejamesrossi  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump great economy  lowest unemployment  more blacks working  stoppi .
 kfiam640 more taxes   no traffic reduction plan   homeless explosion   mass illegal immigration   sounds awesome .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump there you go with division who is causing it  get over  move on  we the american peopl .
.
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 ilhanmn well has uscis contacted you yet about the investigation into immigration fraud  marrying your brother to .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump putz  no collusion  no obstruction  can you please go to work with president trump to .
 harihar19198207  mimichakraborty  aitcofficial  mamataofficial union minister ta decision neoar janno aar hereo ch .
easy to vote trump 2020   shame on the democrats   who pursue their own power  blatantly ignoring the troubling illeg .
 mrjamesdoolin tried to be as polite as possible  very difficult today with so many problems being handled atrociou .
.
why do democrats support this  fix the immigration laws  this has to stop       .
when it comes to immigration reform  there are only two things we should be talking about  stopping the ones who ar .
 shannonbream  drawandstrike now theyre just being childish  how about calling a hearing on illegal immigration  w .
  democracynow   sensanders you do realize there is a difference between illegal immigration and legal immigration  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 realdonaldtrump is going to be presented with a suckers smorgasbord of proposals to solve the border crisis  no .
 buildthewall   my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 seanhannity  realdonaldtrump 30 million dollars of money that could have been used that handle the illegal immigra .
 aponiwolfheart  davelabranchejr  repandylevin  tomarnold all of them  really   im no fan of illegal immigration b .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 uwhyknot  usminority  cher the key word being left out is legal   we need legal immigration and legal immigrants  .
 gforbes7777  realdonaldtrump i believe the vast majority of people cross our southern border for jobs paying more .
 dineshdsouza i agree  so what do we do going forward  we continually take the high road  and we lose all the time  .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 davidundfsioux  fmkermitthinks if bernie were smart he would promise to build a wall and end illegal immigration a .
its about time that our immigration laws be fair to the only people who should matter when we make our policies  .
 flmel69  speakerpelosi i would ask nancy  exactly who is subverting the will of the people  every pole says shes .
 radio702 when it comes to illegal immigration he speaks like a captured individual because their is no ways he can .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home  the answer to comprehensive immigrati .
anybody with a good reason  why are the democrats mad that the trump admin wants to bus illegal immigrants to sanct .
 govmlg  govmlg would rather play politics than act like a true leader  meanwhile  citizens in cities like las cruc .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer your lack of regard for these financially and physically overburdened communities who ar .
 orkoliberal  taylor workman tax them an extra amount to create a pool of funds which will be redistributed to lega .
 skiperade  realkylemorris definition of illegal immigration  illegal immigration refers to the migration of people .
 azvail  senatorsinema  freshproduceaa  cbp  dhsgov thats what illegal immigration is me coming into your house il .
 dallasnews  realdonaldtrump why is the dmn so totally  fullofschiff  building the wall  amp  enforcing the current ill .
 realdonaldtrump end of game  now how about everyone coming together and fixing the illegal immigration problems at .
 realdonaldtrump the wall is only the beginning of what it s going to take to get control of our illegal immigratio .
 rjnewsflash bahahahaha  no collusion or obstruction of justice  drop it  pelosi and schumer  youve cost the tax p .
sickened at the state of america and the dumassocrats babykillers  alyssa milano and co  legal immigration over ill .
 mshaweni  julius does have to worry about food security  long queues in public hospitals or even crime thats why .
 nevadajack2 if  senbooker thinks we have a problem with illegal immigration then why isnt he taking the steps to .
 dailycaller how much more    amp  time do you ignorant democrats choose to waste  just because you cant accept truth  .
 owasemzantsi hahahahaha hahahahaha the juju challenge  he doesnt know the struggle our people are going through o .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
 amyklobuchar give it a rest        solve the illegal immigration issue .
 foxfriendsfirst  carleyshimkus he ll lose if he holds to a weak illegal immigration policy .
simple   illegal immigration must be stopped   keep up the great job on this  mr president    gop  thedemocrats ple .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
the last three inches are key  move your brush  yet illegal immigration .
trish regan  the left can t have it both ways on illegal immigration   .
 potus trump  democrats must change the immigration laws fast  if not  sanctuary cities must immediately act to tak .
 nevadajack2 so is illegal immigration  bill.
 realdonaldtrump great read and policy outline on illegal immigration  no sugar coating for for the rhino s and the .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
check the law clinic for immigration help  i am not a lawyer yet but i know many people want to help immigrants and .
 repleezeldin  coachbryer the lies of congress make me disgusted  both parties  congress needs to get their useless .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration   hypocrits  .
 ronanburtenshaw some of the countries with the highest immigration rates  or the highest foreign born   of their p .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 ronanburtenshaw the flaw in your argument is that you re equating  taking harder efforts to combat illegal immigra .
 goodoldcatchy and her pussy too   which is what ensnared the cheating dotard and got her illegal ass her immigration .
 lucy2300090  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump interestingly  obama deported way more illegal immigrants than trump has .
   illegal immigration                   .
imagine being fine with illegal immigration  couldn t be me .
no de blasio didn t say that         we shall know soon who re lovers of immigrants  we had allowed politics play enoug .
 we must stop illegal immigration and the strain on the us economy    now says there is no crisis at the border and .
we have foreign intervention in our courts  society  security  and every aspect of our lives in the form of illegal .
 aoc no one believes in caging kids not even obama who caged them back in 2014   but our border has become a laughing .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump get a grip on reality  the wall  the fence  the physical barrier  the name is not im .
nearly one million migrant children could enter the united states  either unaccompanied or with their border crossi .
 kamalaharris the greater stain is politicians  speakerpelosi  housedemocrats who will not pass better immigration .
 mr punjabi  righthookusa the borders are already open under trump   illegal immigration is higher than it every wa .
 taylor workman i love this response to illegal immigration  well  they should just be able to become citizens much .
 ddale8 but i thought he wanted to cancel vacations to get  illegal  immigration and the border fixed .
 chisportshomer  taylor workman  ne0liberal you cant have illegal immigrants if all immigration is legal .
cher the love       cher was a big supporter of sanctuary cities and illegal immigration until the idea of bussing hoar .
.
 trevorgreetham  andrew lilico  theindgroup i agree  but the conservative party doesn t  legal immigration is c300  .
illegal alien released by obama s dhs charged with killing father of ten   we need justice for this man and his famil .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   the sean hannity sh .
us attorney general william barr rules that illegal asylum seekers are no longer eligible for release  they will ha .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 leslieproll  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump strong leadership in the house that is hilarious  what have they .
9  for instance  the sanctuary city transport plan ought to be seen as  dishonorable   its bad enough that its il .
   illegal immigration                   .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go homeget out  illegals  go home  or dont go .
 nycmayor whats the matter bill you dont want any illegal immigrants coming to new york i thought you were a sanc .
   illegal immigration                   .
   illegal immigration                   .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
deport       my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 aoc  mollycrabapple  avilewis  lavrentia  theintercept how about working on stopping the illegal immigration probl .
 okaloosagop  republicans view the issue of illegal immigration as far more significant than their opponents do  75 .
   illegal immigration                   .
republicans view the issue of illegal immigration as far more significant than their opponents do  75  of republica .
republicans view the issue of illegal immigration as far more significant than their opponents do  75  of republica .
why president trump keeps winning on illegal immigration issue   realclearpolitics .
 rwachholder  gernotwagner  peters glen the way the wall was sold  yes it was fear mongering  there does need to be .
milton friedman   illegal immigration   pt 2  via  youtube.
no kind of honesty can be expected from  aoc  they arent in cages  they are in jail for breaking the law of ille .
   illegal immigration                   .
   illegal immigration                   .
milton friedman   illegal immigration   pt 1  via  youtube.
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 newjersey teen rescued from  illegalalien who abducted  raped her  cops       out of control  t .
making legal immigration harder will only increase illegal immigration  gop  .
 mdemoya in newyork illegal citizens have ids  they contribute to their economy  undocumented immigrant can hurts .
 bibliophile615  repjimcooper when they migrate to other states  then that state picks up the tab on welfare progra .
 fairimmigration    .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 ilhanmn we could take all the money wasted on illegal immigration and use it to take care of american children  ch .
 el chupacabra50  ladh sjour illgal pas immigration sinon alors que dites vous des belges  franais etc etc qui f .
what cory booker just said is that illegal immigration makes the u s  less safe  .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
 danscavino take action on the border  amp  illegal immigration   congress needs to stop trying to end this presidency .
  we have laws effectively being made by the elite without our consent  theyve effectively repealed our immigra .
i love our president and how he trolls the liberal left   cher walked right into the illegal immigration debate  .
81  believe legal  immigration good for america    79  believe illegal immigration is bad for usa     from .
 can you believe this  president trump is correct regarding illegal immigration  say what democrats .
 senbooker why repugnant   are you afraid it exposes the closet nimby hypocrites in sanctuary cities   you think yo .
 the problem is a bunch of law breaking foreigners on our soil     kurt schlicter .
its illegal to be british with a sense of self awareness        .
 senwarren  speakerpelosi  senschumer perhaps you should fix this mess of illegal immigration by building the wall .
 berniesanders dumb or just dishonest is the question one must ask every time a democrats speaks  immigration is no .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 jedkolko  upshotnyt no one i know is against immigration  everyone i know is against illegal border jumping .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 frobert08  cllr thomas  paulembery tush and tosh    he says it how it is when it was thousands of immigrants comin .
illegal alien released by obamas dhs charged with killing father of ten    vasquez guillen .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home      .
4  de blasios mixed messages on immigration blasted by activists  .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 jaketapper and the rest of the media that only tells one side of the story of illegal aliens here is your opportun .
whos bankrolling illegal immigration .
 berniesanders and pioneering settlers  i m a grandchild to immigrants  legal immigrants just like yours  legal imm .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 repmattgaetz  pattymurray what are you doing about illegal immigration   .
 wylie102  femi sorry  andywigmore  nigel farage  brexitparty uk the photo was of thousands of illegal immigrants e .
australia cut illegal immigration by over 90  simply by deporting illegal migrants .
 repdougcollins  lindseygrahamsc youre not serious about stopping illegal immigration until you require e verify o .
 youknowyourestupid when you think being against illegal immigration   being against hispanics      wow  i never knew b .
patriotic radical union  pat ri e   of  mep  synadinos eleft running in the european elections  ep2019 party wants .
 real georgebush cant understand why you wouldnt be on the same side as trump on the wall and illegal immigration .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
yes  the goal of our immigration system should be one thing  to benefit american citizens  it may scandalize the .
illegal alien released by obama s dhs charged with killing father of ten  how long is congress gonna wait before th .
 newsday immigration  like from ireland  perhaps you can be more descriptive in reporting the story  as in we are g .
.
 harleighprice currently  i believe the wall is our best bet at this point for controlling illegal immigration  esp .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan       .
 brexitpartridge  lovewestley  newstatesman he used someone else s passport to enter a country which is illegal  wh .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer blah  blah  blah  you lost  why dont you do something about illegal immigration and rei .
 speakerpelosi you are a desperate  you lost the witch hunt  do something about illegal immigration and your extrem .
 berniesanders and how damn long have you had to come up with one idea to help this issue    decades  you cannot ha .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 talace  katiepavlich you are as wrong about this point as you are about illegal immigration   even the democrats a .
 kokomothegreat maga  neo nazi  trump  libs  anti abortion  pro life  nra  illegal immigration  detention camps  wa .
so socialism    the gateway to communism is just fine with attention whore ann     as long as bernie lies about wha .
 icegov  thejusticedept  icegov go straight to the source of illegal immigration  shouldnt someone be investigatin .
right speak  illegal immigration is already hurting commerce at the border  .
 repjerrynadler  we see thru your insane facade of trump collusion   drop it and move onto fixing illegal immigration   .
they care far more about  packing courts with right wing jurists  making abortion illegal  tightening immigration l .
 kilmeade  foxandfriends illegal immigration refers to the migration of people into a country in ways that violate .
pay attention dc      my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
democrats  more immigration laws will stop illegal immigration       also democrats  more gun laws will stop murders .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home      i agree with kurt  reform is needed to .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
when dems run the country we have isis    civil unrest  racism    police hatred corruption   week military illegals   when .
 narcisusssword  njfreethinker  nbcnews .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 speakerpelosi .
flip flop just like the dems position on illegal immigration  amp  border patrol  only care about protecting their own .
 nickboocock the reason it s getting so many votes is because people are sick of people like you who call them nazi .
 charliedaniels 10 investigations later and you think you know more than those 10     its time to focus elsewhere  .
 kamalaharris kamala  no matter where these people are  they burden the resources of that specific location  get wi .
 castillomarcos7  cityofyuma the crisis was caused by democrats deliberately incentivizing illegal immigration with .
 jpt9320  prisonplanet don t be ignorant  its probably hard for you  we know the mass immigration from syria and mu .
 kurtschlichter w  the official    caring immigration plan       .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 senschumer latest poll shows illegal immigration the number one concern of the country   we are not concerned abou .
today s update  illegal alien released by obamas dhs charged with killing father of ten .
the price of illegal immigration   the plain truth   news and message board .
 repmaxinewaters maxine waters is a disgrace to this country  she makes up lies and she attacks people  if everyone .
the true lies of democrats on immigration not in my district take those illegal immigrants away from my sanctuary c .
 jennerific713  realdonaldtrump well i m sorry   but hes not a politician and he says what he means   i respect tha .
  cis org  trash at the border highlights the environmental cost of illegal immigration .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 superpatriotone  robertbelfi we are witnessing the fall of part 2  we need to stop illegal immigration  build the .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder and another citizens life snuffed out when it didnt have to happen  f .
 repleezeldin time to get back to doing the work that of we the american people and put to bed the two year frame .
 therightmelissa  ilhanmn trying to claim that democrats support hate groups like hamas is almost as outlandish as .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
yuma  ariz   declared a state of emergency over illegal immigration  as nearly 1 300 migrants were released in the .
.
 missdiagnosis  ingrahamangle  ilhanmn since omar took her seat in congress  she has taken a front facing extremist .
 sowetanlive yes illegal immigrants are the source of all the mess in our country and i disagree with the eff polic .
whole lotta nuthin comin  wapo  nyt  amp  tvphonies will be spinning  splitting  amp  spitting to make as much anti trump .
 fllgator1  mailman221  mariabartiromo  chatbycc  morningsmaria  foxbusiness what trump did was legal       i know  i k .
here we go again these unfortunate stories are very sad and preventable fix immigration laws    illegal wanted afte .
shes helped lower sex trafficking numbers  shes been getting new policys passed for woman and minorities  shes .
those illegal migrants in uganda have not good  perhaps the immigration .
kurt schlichter  my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
imm courts operate under a catch and rel policy  an overwhelming majority of suspected illegal imm in these courts .
 jokerpersonap is a illegal immigration.
 cometomelouis  highonlern   shwagg3th5648  naomiiguz  quepasawindow i was not born in the united states  i came he .
the left can t have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
 realbowenswharf says the illegal immigrant who wants to destroy this country with illegal immigration .
 rmconservative because trump has never been serious about wanting to stop illegal immigration  a serious person wo .
build the wall and tighten the immigration policies  good people can come here legally  .
the rules were changed  we the usa know the dem did it with starr  stop lying to us  get about our business  stop i .
here we have the same old story  brought to by the incompetent rinos  amp  democrats who continue to refuse to fix outd .
 jarrod fair almost like hes only against illegal immigration.
 realdonaldtrump what congress and the media make up about you   their base wants this fight to continue   i hope b .
 how can illegal immigration not be the number one concern for all americans  poor  illegal aliens increase taxes  .
smuggling moves goods to the highest profit  the cost of smuggling drugs to humans rises as demand or cost increase .
 petluvers4trump  amboybicker  speakerpelosi  speakerpelosi   why are you fighting for a foreign country when our c .
ann coulter considering vote for bernie sanders           ive hung in there with  anncoulter because shes a provoca .
 repmaxinewaters im a bob dole republican from deeply red ks 1st dist  im pro life  im a proud member of the n .
 cvpayne its less about whether or not there are jobs and more about whether we should be harboring illegal immigr .
 speakerpelosi you praising the irish is an insult  the irish americans immigrated to america legally   they didn t .
 diamondandsilk they only care about illegal immigration not the american people .
 morganmayfair  wensyel   usamarinemomma  stupidboomers  deplorablevet22  brorick23  sandyklamo  cry lil libtard .
 robchristie11  foxnews bcs  bernie will build the wall and will end illegal immigration  right     theres no cure for tds.
i believe that our country should be doing something more currently to prevent illegal immigration  this issue is a .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst be careful corey  now youre starting to sound like president trump  its .
 kiki padgett  saraashcraft  doncheadle one of many reasons  we have legal immigration because we are a welcoming n .
 arifleischer i just want to know why we the people are contacting or attorney generals in our states to sue the dn .
 edkrassen is it a christian value to judge  another christian value is forgiveness and understanding  also when sp .
  anncoulter people are wondering how you could support  berniesanders 2007 position on immigration  the fact is th .
 number  coming  to  us without papers is  lower than it was for most of  20th century  and substantially lower tha .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
it can be difficult when you attempt to be all things to all people    sanctuarycity  immigration  policy  is there .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan   fox business .
 stocksnjocks wayne  trump repeatedly states he wants to expand the number of l e g a l immigrants  please be more .
 thecjpearson when are people going to stop ignoring the welfare abuse problem in this country  illegal immigration .
 ilhanmn stop investing in and promoting illegal immigration and use that money for americans in need  it doesn t t .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
focus on something that is real  like the other problems in our nation  illegal immigration  health care  protectio .
trump delusion syndrome has dems so blind w  hate that they ve lost common sense regarding safety  amp  illegal immigra .
 realdonaldtrump no need for congress to come up with immigration bill   the original goodlatte bill solves all ill .
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
the left cant have it both ways on illegal immigration  trish regan    foxbusiness.
 kikiadine .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home  stevedoocy  kilmeade  govabbott .
 chriscol22nd  dnc  gop well congress is busy on the 15th recess in 4 months so illegal immigration and crime have .
granted  but its illegal aliens  not immigration is what s concerning reasonable folks  .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  pontifex funny how now youre both concerned about helping the people of our country f .
 1 issue for gop is immigration   2 issue for dems and swing is immigration  more specifically illegal immigration .
 aoc heres an idea  stop importing masses of people from low carbon use areas into high carbon use areas  if you r .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
cher  amp  the impact of trickle down illegal immigration on california   manteca bulletin   gt  gt  gt  time to wake up    work .
democrats  the party of illegal immigration .
 mimsyyamaguchi  rolandsmartin what roland is saying is trump has been great for black america         huge jobs number .
 bornabrit1 something needs to be done curtail the flow of illegal immigration  human trafficking  drugs  if this s .
 anniekarni  maggienyt if incentives enticing illegal immigration are removed illegal border crossings will be reduced .
 epochtimes  cnnbrk  foxnews  tuckercarlson  ingrahamangle  seanhannity  abc  wsj  cbsnews  msnbc  thehill  nytimes .
 speakerpelosi you know better madam speaker  stop this nonsence and do your job fix illegal immigration  now you h .
crazy dems r hysterical frustrated  angry etc that no obstruction or collusion found  thr narrative has been debunk .
 realdonaldtrump  vp  secpompeo  cabinet  senatemajldr  gopleader  lindseygrahamsc  senategop  housegop .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 berniesanders hey bernie   why you bringing race into   it is about illegal border jumpers   stop twisting facts  .
if this dunce paid attention to the actual policy implementation of the gop in the last 2 years then hed know im .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 speakerpelosi stop with the bullshit and deal with the real problems here immigration  illegal   realdonaldtrump  andrewrsorkin  joekernen.
he set out to re open christmas island  then close it   stop the boats  illegal immigration has actually gone up  d .
 aoc aoc  do you have any ideas on how to curb the illegal immigration .
 themarkpantano when society looks the other way and grants illegal immigrants sanctuary  the repercussions can des .
 tigheliketie  terrieg633  therickydavila  aclu being against illegal immigration is brown shirt  i see the madness .
  kurtschlichters simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 gw1stpotus  atjacked   this is nothing more or less than  amnesty   and as we saw when reagan was conned into si .
 realdonaldtrump load them up mr  trump  amp  take them to their sanctuary cities until they come back  amp  work with you about illegal immigration.
 johnryd51618301  andrewpollackfl you bring the death of his child into it  who s the sick f  k in this equation  p .
 dadmilkmen  sunshine11334 well  no  they do care about keeping their immigration illegal  they want them to come h .
 dailycaller precisely why the msm is getting behind this guy   america is being bankrupted by illegal immigration  .
illegal alien released by obama s dhs charged with killing father of ten   democrats may lose another vote   cnn .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 jefffortenberry is that why so many are ok with the us putting children in cages  because they dont know the hist .
 marymil29509077  supporttrumps20  freedomforce990  realcandaceo  realqnn  tomfitton  stevescalise  stevenmnuchin1 .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 raymysterio305 id say they are pretty dumb  who the hell says crap like illegal immigration is the greatest thing .
focus the armed forces on domestic security  no more illegal wars  no more nuclear weapons  give lgbt  folk full ri .
when are democrats going to start working on the illegal immigration laws and the crisis at the border  the answer  .
 open boarders  are not a solution for illegal immigrants     watch this honest video that speaks to the real probl .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home  illegals go home  .
 goodmetriks crime will not pay in the near future    so much smaller police forces and their burden on communities  .
 senbooker trump is making you look like idiots daily on illegal immigration  youre too stupid to realize it .
seconded         and the motion carries  because this is the law  we demand that it be enforced        kurtschlichter   my .
 rmiers1  rosedixontx  glorielle03  free stuff    no illegal immigration   this guy here is the reason my breath smells terrible .
just what we need  uh  another remainer as pm        and one who    was found in contempt of court 3 times    misled the .
 skyrider4538 exactly in her defense of unbridled illegal immigration she s showing her political talking point in .
 thehill  betoorourke we agree   its called legal immigration       nor  illegal.
 effsouthafrica  julius s malema i really don t think julius malema understand how this issue of illegal immigratio .
 dalemadhaz  marsden1991  realdonaldtrump wow  you dont even have a grasp of what dems have done        legal immigrat .
 dscc better question  why were the democrats for stopping illegal immigration  amp  border security before they are no .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews supporting the democrats is just support for soros  fake news  illegal immigration .
 moranicly  durhamdaleslass  andbri8  gerardbattenmep  brexitparty uk  realdonaldtrump  nigel farage nonsense  surv .
 simplybeautif71  jonlesage4  isiah4congress  aoc actually we do  and those are some of the changes to immigration .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home      yuppie  .
this alabama teacher would still be alive if our government  local  state  and federal would stop illegal immigrati .
right on      right on  right again col  .
as of 4   18   19 taxpayers have paid for illegal immigration  looking like were going to be fencing the entire per .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 radio702 that s absurd  where did you hear that anywhere in the world  then you will be satisfying outsiders at th .
interesting to correlate the expansion of medicaid with that of immigration    mostly illegal immigration  seems we .
cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration    .
hey  for you law breaking sinners hopping over our borders   go home    go fight your countries problem   don t com .
 hackertedj10 he promises the earth  but delivers poverty  by encouraging illegal immigration   .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home    .
 ingrahamangle correction    illegal immigration  crisis  problem   it s been encouraged for years   solution   sto .
 ginnion77  e alexjung anti illegal immigrant  amp  pro traditional marriage  get your story straight   even the left i .
julius you are thinking without logic  where are the borders right now  south africans are complaining about jobs d .
surprisingly there are real issues facing the nation  black education  illegal immigration  and homelessness  inste .
freerepublic   my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 newradicools yes but those waves of immigration was small  amp  controlled  the waves of immigration now is massive  amp  .
 lilo623  govbrewer  coachmollet  realdonaldtrump i saw a video of dianne feinnstein   from 1994   saying illegal i .
the point of this article isnt about his illegal immigration status  the point is if he hadnt been here in the fi .
arizona city declares state of emergency  say they re overwhelmed by illeg immig  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 stafford  u k   nca report  invigor organised immigration crime taskforce  intercepted a group of four smugglers a .
 repjerrynadler not a thing wrong with this  stop stirring up hate   stop harassing the president  do your job   li .
 backworldsman1  not  so obvious does your friend sargon care about the effects of illegal immigration on the black community .
dear politicians media  same thing    please stop excluding the word illegal when you are talking about immigration .
 pauldecristofo4  leftkist  cajillybean in that case  reform immigration so illegal immigrants dont have an incenti .
rep crenshaw deconstructs dem arguments on illegal immigration  border s     via  youtube.
 nprpolitics same way ignoring illegal immigration cheapens the green card process  fix the laws  speaker.
 stacyontheright as far as illegal immigration and caravan after caravan  more people means more goods sold  increa .
 dvatw well if wanting to control immigration  amp  booting out illegal immigrants migrants i ll take all 3 words  stuf .
extra  illegal immigration   the hard facts  via  youtube   illegal immigrants take away leg .
they say illegal immigration is ruining our country yet the government loses trillions of dollars  the government i .
 kgwnews calling them undocumented doesnt stop them from being illegal  they broke the law to get here  rewarding .
its a campaign tactic to encourage illegal immigration and then wash hands bc  he really tried to stop it   .
 cbp what do you expect when democrats and the media friends empower illegal immigration  because it will give them .
many of these planned atrocities were masterminded or carried out by illegal immigrants  this is a fact  are we all .
this will stop taxpayer assisted illegal immigration  migrants are predominantly wanted as fixed democrat socialist .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home   maga  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 pamden66  dvatw besides you are now talking illegal immigrants  they can claim anything  so what are talked ng abo .
 drjacobsrad faith goldy turned liberal and suddenly liberals have an illegal immigration crisis  down is up and up .
 bradopus  chrisokaysure  ilhanmn ha i knew youd be a sheep to respond in this way  the  s are real  do you have a .
 br nning  dvatw the government have admitted they don t even know the scale of illegal immigration  we have increa .
the democratic s do not want are immigrants going to their  sanctuary cities and regular cities  but they refuse to .
remittances  illegal immigrations  30 billion hidden tax   .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
illegal immigration  our southern border is unsecure  i am the only one that can fix it .
nearly one million migrant children could enter the united states  either unaccompanied or with their border crossi .
 barkwagon  amoore0633  vp  cbp 1  illegal immigration is a crime  read some us law  it s like some stranger breaki .
 nytimes jumping the legal immigration queue by filling false asylum claims is a crime  keeping illegal aliens deta .
 top sergeant  realdonaldtrump how is trump responsible for these childrens parents actions  hes trying to get th .
 scrubbrushfire  raniakhalek  virgiltexas guess what   undocumented immigrants have a lower violent crime rate than .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5 but itd be helpful if we could first discuss illegal immigration  .
 kilclooneyjohn  diarmaidwillia1 what s your position on illegal immigration and integration into the local community  john .
interesting ft piece today on  us immigration  low illegal border crossings but record formal asylum claims   not a .
 irfan vaani  afgani dost2211 irfan bhai  problem is not with beef  in many parts of india people eat beef     all .
dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration  via  youtube.
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
illegal immigration in nigeria is a serious problem and the border has become quite porous  adequate measures shoul .
 stephenspeaksup  corybooker  breitbartnews  stephen  asking cory to write legislation for immigration is offensiv .
get out  illegals  go home  or dont go home  i dont care where you go  you just cant stay here in america    he .
 kamalaharris you were supposed to do that when you were ca ag by ca supreme court   you told the judge  black men .
 politicalkathy i liked sin nombre but i m still anti illegal immigration regardless of how sad it is       .
 eatyrselffitter  raniakhalek it s doing a job that that is supposed to be done by having a clearly defined  protec .
imagine if illegal immigration was drastically slowed by the wall to allow a majority of those resources to be allo  now imagine this .
 jeffw1964  andalsavage  nnubonnie  aoc do the walls of your house keep people out   no they don t  they force them .
imagine if illegal immigration was drastically slowed by the wall to allow a majority of those resources to be allo .
 westrepub  mhenes0  china is here  markdice trump just cherry picked every topic that most common sense americans .
for perfectly shiny  healthy  or illegal immigration .
rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch   realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our bo .
rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch   realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are bei .
rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch   realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as ga .
rt jennybethm   realdonaldtrump is giving sanctuary cities exactly what they want  more illegal immigrants  cory bo .
the new york times illegal immigration  immigration and emigration  public and subsidized housing  united states po .
rt judicialwatch   realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for dr .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
top dem challenges wh adviser stephen miller to testify on immigration   a top democrat in congress on wednesday chal .
rt seanhannity    developing   .
 aaron86192197  denwatling  professoravi  louise rowntree sorry  are you suggesting in every election  campaigns ha .
 mikeben21713388  wtwta63 we can pay congress by piece work or on production  save a billion       we can stop aiding c .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
 wsj truth  they are leaving and taking their businesses and work skills with them to somewhere they are not over t .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump fyi chuckie  all presidents select their ag s   grow up and do your job by fixing ille .
 juliancastro  you are a total embarrassment   i m so glad you re not from oklahoma   our president is not exaggera .
 chuckredmantalk  aclu .
 jedkolko  nytimes  upshotnyt of course we need immigration  just don t need people without skills cutting in line  .
 ilhanmn increase the taxes isnt the way to help them  they need jobs  dignity to rule their own families  trump a .
 potus  realdonaldtrump dont become the main entree in the congressional smorgasbord of  illegalimmigrationjust .
i would be a massive crime problem  is a leader wherever she has a desire to sit with the upcoming cr  illegal immigration.
 realmagasteve no it doesn t  these are antiquated rules that can be changed with the mark of a pen  illegal rights .
 lanzastu  brexitparty uk yep theyre really regretting having all time record unemployment in black and hispanic c .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch the election was cheated for the votes to hillary clinton by foreigners  demo .
 isiah4congress  aoc you sir are so wrong  you re ignorant and just as racist as  aoc  btw i m not white either  we .
 yoskiluv  ingrahamangle  obamas illegal immigration policy was harsh and quick  those days are gone .
but illegal immigration is made up       why a state of emergency  .
 loupalumbo  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream i think the idea is that ubi is a  benefit of citizenship   .
      story on  nbcnews that i offered pardons to homeland securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding i .
 the21stin  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream sure   however there has to be a control on illegal immigrati .
 rahulgandhi when you vote for nyay you make people lazy     provide jobs and control the population   stop illegal .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home   townhall .
 jedkolko  nytimes  upshotnyt legal or illegal immigration .
with or without permits they will work    those permits did not go to the caravans they went to the legal people in l .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
what is a junior member of congress doing talking to the head of a foreign government  what does the logan act have .
the critical increase in border crossings  amp  caravans lies solely at the feet of democrats       word has spread far  amp  w .
illegal alien  radical alt leftist  who lied on her immigration papers  who is in our govt  advocates for the killi .
nancy pelosi is destroying america by refusing to legislate a change to immigration laws that will stop the flow of .
 krishgm  channel4news  jonsnowc4   tom watson   1  do u deny that illegal immigrants have crossed the channel via .
 immigration  wall  trump       new jersey teen rescued from illegal immigrant who abducted  raped her  cops  via  nypost.
well in my opinion  any or all of them   it was poorly worded because it contained their talking points that they w .
immigration should not be illegal  what should be illegal is the initiation of force  no exceptions or exemptions  .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
how clinically insane would you have to be to still harbor fantasies of a wall     anncoulter abandoned her famous up .
 realkylemorris good  what s wrong with that   there are americans who have been here for generations whose familie .
this is a great read  i agree 110       my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
cher tries to make another anti trump tweet  accidentally makes the perfect argument for ending illegal immigration .
 nightline potus dowhatisright nancypelosi whether an adult making the choice to break the laws in the usa as an il .
kris kobach have warned that if illegal immigration levels continue to rise over this year and throughout 2020  th .
these sanctuary cities have become literal hell holes because of illegal immigration  coming to your town soon     br .
 alt nvinegar  betsybg  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump why would i ask a congressman who lives there when i  someon .
   this video is kevin s corner talking about his view on the illegal immigration our country .
skyrocketing illegal immigration at the u s  mexico border has not only strained public resources but could choke .
current illegal immigration projections by princeton policy advisors researcher steven kopits predicts that there .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home     .
gnewsph opinion       1   theamgreatness are there any limits to illegal immigration       2   philstarnews online shopping .
illegal immigrants    migrants    treat both classes as invaders   mankind has never migrated   we invade for terri .
 jedkolko  upshotnyt grow on legal immigration  not illegal immigration .
 aoc oh stop with a freaking fake race card you play  it s freaking not about you  it s your ignorance of economics .
an illegal alien is wanted by the knoxville police department and federal immigration officials after he allegedly .
 realdonaldtrump immigration to usa should be only legal  and only on the basis of established criteria  illegal im .
 markmcwhinney i own a few of her books  but shes become so laser focused on illegal immigration that i think it i .
 beautybysw im happy  they need to go back home  may the ppl who died from illegal immigration rest peacefully  .
 msrcc55  rmconservative he wants them to work so they can pay taxes 70  of illegal immigrants pay taxes which in r .
 cbsnewyork this is thanks to the democrat open border policy  unchecked illegal immigration has a guaranteed outco .
they can t run their own districts yet they have to try and tell us what needs to be done about illegal immigration .
 mehdirhasan  mrjoncryer this is horrendous rhetoric of nothing but falsehoods about illegal immigration  try again .
 bixkondor  washingtonpost  postopinions it as poor as the working class under last 30 years of this govt screwing .
 leaderhoyer  housedemocrats  repbenraylujan  repjeffries  repcheri  whipclyburn  repkclark democrats are causing a .
 slblackson  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli you still haven t ans .
 melgibsonsmrsme  leslieoo7  real donald trump  what is with all the illegal immigrants in the trump family   he ne .
the language of us vs them     the hindu nationalists frame the threat posed by muslim minority by associating them .
 kgwnews you re a left leaning station and totally softballing it when you call them  undocumented immigrants   do .
 edkrassen  govbillweld trump is doing great  conservative justices  strong economy  against planned parenthood  ag .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
  realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr  ivankatrump  erictrump  president trump can control illeg .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
 favuzzadeb  edkrassen  govbillweld conservative justices  strong economy  pro life stance  against illegal immigra .
 aoc 4 10 months jail for jumping the college admissions queue is excessive compared to the freedom granted to ille .
you dont get to come into our house without knocking and expect to take over the master bedroom  so  normal americ .
 tonetalks if its anti ados  im anti  it    and illegal immigration is anti ados  and plays into our collective disenfranchisement.
that illegals have to live in the shadows is at least something  its even better when they get dumped off in sanct .
 joceemox7  lynyrd1959  sethabramson  nfb11 bc i dont want men in my daughters bathrooms  or babies killed  or mor .
but what about those sadz having illegals having to live with the consequences of their lawbreaking as they use sto .
 kurtschlichter  townhallcom  if we did not invite you in  if you didnt have the basic courtesy and respect for t .
the problem is not a bunch of law breaking foreigners on our soil having to live in the shadows  the problem is a b .
 kurtschlichter  townhallcom normal americans are distinctly disinterested in making it more comfortable for people .
yes  the goal of our immigration system should be one thing  to benefit american citizens  it may scandalize the e .
 kurtschlichter  townhallcom they say the problem is millions of illegals on our soil living in the shadows  the pr .
its simple and fair  the fair part is important  because its about time that our immigration laws be fair to the .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan if we did not invite you in  if you didnt have .
 kurtschlichter  townhallcom  immigration reform  should only be about two things  stopping the ones who arent her .
illegal immigration is a problem it has been a problem for decades but not much has been done  i am all for legal i .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
as friend mike cagle said  with one addition        so much for those people who disingenuously say  i m not against im .
 slblackson  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli and once again who is .
 nightline will the immigration att on here own up to the fact that they are a lot of the problem there are citizen .
comprehensive immigration reform   get out and stay out     .
townhall writes  my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home  .
 matthewswillia5  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli sooooo  immigran .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
like you were manipulated by facebook and cambridge analytica  like leave eu faked videos showing illegal immigrati .
 2mins4holding  dtr 1018 youre racist because you think illegal immigration only involves brown people .
 upa lc please delete this  these photos are at the immigration desk which is not only prohibited by pledis but it  .
simple  effective comprehensive  immigration reform plan  go home illegal aliens .
 amymek just like your entire country with open illegal immigration all of sudden france is  puff  gone kaput .
 slblackson  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli nobody is supporting illegal immigration .
 kerryzeee will cher apologize for being honest about illegal immigration in los angeles  re tweet a few days ago .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
hell yes      you got that  gop  amp   thedemocrats       election2020  realdonaldtrump      gt  gt  my simple  effective comp .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
 slblackson  tawdrytaurus  abeabbott4  lisasumthin  dillardvicki  drboycewatkins1  talibkweli there is a difference .
 bruuntaco  willieestrada  andrewpollackfl  aoc forgot to mention  if you think that those who  know  that illegals .
 mayorofla what about the illegal immigration problem   another one went on a crime spree today and critically inju .
 suzuhiggins  mkcathy  hawaiidelilah  polyphonicshan no instead leftists like u  amp  ur celeb friends r whining about .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  .
i m more worried about two psychos at the airport or in an airplane than illegal immigration  they can t take all o .
 nhpolitics    rep is mocking democrat  deeply troubled  mantra   lol   are you sick and tired  deeply troubled  only thi .
acting homeland security secretary kevin mcaleenan announced the new strategy to stem an influx of illegal immigrat .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov washington isnt failing to address illegal immigration  just you democrats  put the blame o .
 nhpolitics  yeah fix it as in illegal immigration open border policy   senatorshaheen    where your leadership with .
 cameltoegoddess  johnstossel as long as the govt doesn t intervene  it works  more people willing to work  there w .
 ml rudolph  gop thats a bullcrap chart  i think its the other way around  thats what we pay for illegal immigration in the us .
 berniesanders communities aren t demonized  illegal immigration is   what s inhumane is that there s no wall to de .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov when az tried to stop illegal immigration  your party said no way .
sanctuary cities and illegal immigration   let s talk about it   via  youtube.
my new  townhallcom column shows them the door         .
dengue  chikungunya  and zika      scabies  lice  and malaria      chicken pox  tuberculosis  measles  mumps  pertussis  an .
 bruce levell yeh  we love illegal immigration  just dont send them here  theleft  being totally hypocritical agai .
trump announces illegal immigrants will be bussed to sanctuary cities .
 faithgoldy turdeau wasnt thinking when he sent out the tweet that started illegal immigration  canada is paying for his stupidity .
 nstnation  3 550 illegal immigrants deported by perak immigration last year   .
 mikejohnstonco is this supposed to be some kind of joke  can we please move on from all the class s  aoc and dis .
 woods353  jxhnbinder  anncoulter i know that there are some people in america that are stupid enough to fall for t .
 berryonline  justintrudeau  fcm online  citykitchener  regionwaterloo  waterlooedc  redman4region  davejaworsky .
i support  trump on immigration control  and will continue to do so for candidates with a similar stance  i have ha .
.
it should be no mystery that the dem goal of illegal immigration is to turn arizona  texas  and yes  even utah  blu .
we could turn america around  turn it back to honoring the constitutional rights of americans  stop liberal insanit .
 aoc i think most sane people are against caging children   however  why are these illegal people here   we dont h .
 thehill i m the son  amp  grandson of immigrants  they came legally  we are a nation that welcomes people from through .
 nbcnews seems cory booker is missing his stand for sanctuary city and was taking down trump for not wanting them  .
dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration  via  youtube.
just as ex  in los angeles  95  of all outstanding warrants for homicide  which total 1 200 to 1 500  target illega .
 scarlett 0hara  uberdick theyve lost the black votes  and now theyre going full steam reliance on illegal immigr .
foreign born 25  of fed prisoners while only 13  of gen population  these are crimes other than immigration related .
 ilhanmn let me guess your plan  tax more  less freedom  and    increase illegal immigration  that about sum it up .
 marshallcohen let s focus on the economy  illegal immigration  you know  things that matter to everybody but you.
 brithume the reason why her generation is becoming the largest voting bloc is simply due to immigration  legal and .
 isiah4congress  aoc building bridges shouldnt equal a steady flow of illegal immigration .
 rncastaldo  ryanafournier rich   it is incomprehensible that parents don t get it         the effects of illegal immig .
how come every 209 trump supporter can only use illegal immigration is bad    as their only statement as to why they support trump.
 aoc then vote for the money to improve the facilities  a wall would help stop illegal immigration thereby reduce t .
 realdonaldtrump it is well said in the constitution  all duties shall be uniform throughout the u s  section 8 con .
 dustiedahl  bryonnym  potus  ilmforg if theyre working on my dime  they damn well had better get some laws writte .
 aoc you do realize  under the last administration   obama not only called for a stop to illegal immigration but al .
top dem challenges wh adviser stephen miller to testify on immigration a top democrat in congress on wednesday chal .
dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration  illegals commits 140  more crime .
to stop illegal immigration president trump wants harsh penalties  democrats appear to see no serious problem  and .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities .
 greekvikingx  pady ofurniture  karin krause1  aesonique  skepticnikki yes it will  reducing illegal immigrants wil .
liked on youtube  dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration  .
 ilhanmn a great reason why we need to help our own first    not accept refugees and illegal immigration.
 bkbrown39  jenniferm q here is an interesting perspective from milton friedman  he claims that illegal immigration .
 kausmickey  anncoulter what was obama saying about illegal immigration in 2007 .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov better we just the illegal criminals into the general population where they can .
illegal immigration  it s about power  via  youtube.
texas lieutenant governor lays it out about illegal immigration   .
 laberge vic  stevierivenbark illegal immigration reduces wages of people without high school degrees exclusively  .
 dbongino dan  i hope you read my tweets  or joe or paula see them  im one of millions who are beyond pissed at th .
 patrici15767099  wandahaynes finally  it s about bloody time  the illegal immigration housing abuse is growing by .
 ewarren lets not forget to think about our moral obligation to protect our borders from illegal immigration liz   .
 qofcode  govmlg   gov martinez shares about how illegal immigration hurts kids  even those brought across the bord .
dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration  via  youtube.
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 markyoungtruth stop illegal immigration 15 million people will no longer be living below the poverty.
 briburx republicans have nothing wrong with immigrants  they embrace them  it is illegal immigration that they car .
dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration  via  youtube.
 koaa  elizabethwatts5 immigrants are legal u s  citizens   why would an immigrant be treated any differently than .
 jdw714  booda cat  hrt6017  brodymccain  r0xie f0x  lostandlovinit  yuwantokno1  merry hippie  deannadeanna061 .
 doingright1  conntaurinus close the border until congress works out and passes a bill that the president will sign .
dr john lott and criminologist ron martinelli discuss illegal immigration .
don surber  trump changes democrat platform on immigration  plus illegal aliens were meant to turn red states blue  .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
  realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viol .
barr ends catch and release of illegal immigrants  reveals hypocrisy of nimby libs  smartnews  .
 chriscuomo donald trump is a dreamer   he says his dad was born in germany   let s see his dad s immigration paper .
 senatedems  housedemocrats  senategop  housegop yes  fix the illegal immigration problem  .
our gov created this problem  both sides  im glad to see the administration trying to remove some of the incentive .
 washingtonpost  nickmiroff won t stop trump blaming them when next isis lead attack happens   there is minimal terro .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov heres the whole yale mit report          hope you read it        and all the immigration  legal plu .
 michealbslady  economicslave  flyingmachinemm  hogangidley45  whitehouse .
 economicslave  hogangidley45  whitehouse .
pelosi you need to worry about your party stop trying to run other peoples country obviously your doing a horrible .
 urocklive1  realdonaldtrump democrats are holding 900 sanctuary cities in usa full with illegal immigrants they we .
 boondockspock did you know that alabama instituted the harshest illegal immigration laws in the country  they chan .
 thomascjones  jonahnro yes   can take anymore illegal immigrants in la  after opposing the immigration laws .
 purehappiness68  drjasonjohnson if blk ppl cant get reparations from democrats then im probably voting for trump .
illegal immigration is a problem   amp   something s needs too be done  but not in this manner  how can anyone believe .
 dineshdsouza i have the feeling he is busy in the background  and may have much to do with the surge in illegal im .
 aoc our borders being neglected  and in some cases ignoerd  is the biggest problem our country faces  if you choos .
 cadendouglass we won t survive without consistent solid immigration and successful integration no matter what anyo .
 realdonaldtrump mr president democrats are holding 900 sanctuary cities in usa full with illegal immigrants they w .
 challenger6010  aliadp10  pthompson1509  ilhanmn  potus  senatedems  senategop  foxnews so she s only been america .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov stop whining and fix illegal immigration     trump would move so far left if yo .
 juliancastro illegal immigration is against the law  thousands of people are taking advantage of broken laws which .
 ltgovtx    i voted for you because of your strong stance on illegal immigration  just wanted to know  what exactly h .
departments of justice and homeland security release quarterly alien incarceration report highlighting the negative .
 robreiner democrat  party of jim crow laws  party of slavery  created the kkk  party of marxism socialism  party o .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov i want long have you been a member in washington why haven t you fixed or illeg .
 uncle jimbo  gop people want to see the wall built  amp  mass illegal immigration stopped we are losing our country .
 tomperez no it is a perfectly legal question to insure that states that are ignoring federal immigration laws are .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump illegal immigration is down  according to the gover .
 cinwall01  cs00582sc this is what bothers me  we have always known that tb has increased with the increase of ille .
 dreamofbetter03  bellabean181  kamalaharris 75 followers  joined in 2012  supporting illegal immigration  dembot not wasting my time here.
there are over 10 000 illegal immigrants in the united states from nations designated as terror sponsors  according .
funny how the top mentions the  measles outbreak  that schiff s illegal immigration enabling has actually caused  .
 ingrahamangle  danpatrick  senategop democrat hoax decieving americans b c they care more abt  illegal immigrants  .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump what law was broken  i think you need to worry about the law breakers at the border .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov fixing the broken immigration system doesnt mean making illegal immigration legal .
illegal immigration is  thedemocrats modern day slavery   the cartels are selling women and girls in bars  .
ipsos poll  gop voters say immigration  most important problem  in u s   via  breitbartnews .
 danpatrick  foxnews  ingrahamangle i am listening to you right now on fox  everything you are saying is 100  corre .
 speakerpelosi   what is wrong w  you   why can t you do your job as our employee  amp  fix this long standing  immigra .
giving illegals free schooling is illegal too  read the federal immigration laws   aiding and abetting  they should .
 speakerpelosi you need to open your eyes to illegal immigration  we are a country of legal immigrants  you know th .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  you wouldn t know the truth if it hit you in the face  or should i .
must be a rewarding venture to promote illegal immigration  .
 michaelsocrates you should be thanking god that our laws suck and were written by a heard of .
to  realdonaldtrump  immigration  legal  illegal  asylum seekers  or other  is simply not one of our biggest proble .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mitch   you should have taken care of the border when the house passed the bill in dec .
illegal immigration is an invasion of the usa   this is planned and organized by  georgesoros affiliated organizati .
we have to start addressing the illegal immigration  yuma  az facilities full   there is not enough room for these .
 jdw714  booda cat  hrt6017  brodymccain  r0xie f0x  lostandlovinit  yuwantokno1  merry hippie  deannadeanna061 .
 realdonaldtrump as the illegal immigration  crisis builds my support of all immigration shrinks  i hate all of the .
 cbcnews the irresponsible illegal immigration that is taking place with this liberal government will change that  .
 gordliness23  cege7480  ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump driving down illegal immigration and promoting legal immigrati .
 realdonaldtrump mexico won t act tough on illegal aliens caravans for long  trump has to draft up penalty measure .
 housedemocrats support illegal immigration and say this is a manufactured crisis .
 jho95758835  profgwhiz  aclu  icegov no kidding  that s basic math  citizens outnumber illegal aliens 10 1  you fe .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  .
 pleasethink1776  gop visa overstays account for less than 10  of illegal immigration  that s according to the immi .
 repgosar lets cap total immigration  legal and illegal  at 1 million per year   if illegal immigrants go up  then .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   the sean hannity sh .
scoop  hud planning crackdown on illegal immigrants taking advantage of public housing  amberathey  hud .
 bearshrugged i am familiar with the friedman quote  immediately after saying you cant have welfare and open borde .
 kamalaharris why don t you try some homelessness  amp  illegal immigration reform  talk about getting on track  how mu .
william barr ends illegal immigration catch and release program  via  mpinkeyes.
 isiah4congress  aoc yah  and thats a bunch of bs  plain and simple    i m an american native   if your speaking of .
 fordnation the carbon tax is a fraud  this tax is not for the environment  it s for justin s promises  and to mop .
 nahbabynah  realmagasteve in a country where various politicians have states legalize marijuana  condone sex slave .
 gavinnewsom so take them into your state come on   be the illegal immigration hero   destroy your state even more    smfh.
 kmcabee1004  danpatrick  realdonaldtrump dumbass  listen to what trump said  thats what i am commenting on  i don .
 greekvikingx  pady ofurniture  karin krause1  aesonique  skepticnikki yeah  illegal immigration creates compoundin .
exclusive  kris kobach to trump  end remittances to mexico to stop illegal immigration  boost u s  economy  news .
 reutersworld once again  reutersworld is normalizing illegal immigration to help big business big political intere .
 irishpatty54  ac360  cnn fact  illegal immigration is against the law and the left couldnt care less  quite liter .
 seanhannity tell trump to enforce the illegal employment law reagan signed in 1986  we dont have an illegal immig .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn y all say you only have a problem with  illegal immigration   amp  claim it s not about race  the .
 drdhennen  hirscha8720  realdonaldtrump  ohio buckeye us  gohenm  tdol232  bobpage43  makeoh13great not illegal im .
it wont work b c illegal immigrants do not have constitutional rights  those rights are reserved for those born on .
 cookie vegas  davidlehmann09  bogeymitchell16  speakheartedly  lincolnbevers  charliekirk11  berniesanders .
top dem challenges wh adviser stephen miller to testify on immigration a top democrat in congress on wednesday chal .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump every family that experiences a murderedloved o .
are there any limits to illegal immigration   american greatness .
 news    presidenttrump and us government seeking to prevent illegal  immigration through cutting funding to some c .
 realdonaldtrump great news  hope the loopholes of illegal immigration gets fixed  sooner the better  .
 scsra  it s not about race  it s about the law    i m not anti immigration  i m anti illegal immigration         amp  yet  .
 superelitetexan  realdonaldtrump  potus  vp stop the illegal immigration    .
 ilhanmn how about you evil democrats stop the illegal immigration at the border and use the money saved on our les .
 peteflores tx  tedcruz  ltgovtx  johncornyn  sentedcruz  teamcornyn you re right  actual data shows that illegal i .
 isiah4congress  aoc whiteness has nothing to do with border issues and illegal immigration  period   sick of the r .
perfect    will discourage anything other than legal immigration       scoop  hud planning crackdown on illegal immigra .
this child is placed in peril by those who profit from illegal entry into the usa and our heroes w  usbp are determ .
 kevin01767519  trent72063  wylde andrew  derek mafs  aoc with the exception of the last couple months  immigration .
 washingtonpost  nickmiroff too bad the democrats in congress and a few rino s don t open up their eyes and fix our .
 tolovana66  theresa19260346  thehill i have come to believe cheap exploited illegal immigration labor is a tool of .
more illegals coming to amerca under the  trump administration than any previous president experienced   yet the .
 fairimmigration  fox5dc  fitzfox5dc finally found one liberal mayor that is willing to take the illegal immigrants .
 ilhanmn maybe if you help get control on illegal immigration and all the tax money spent on people who shouldn t b .
they are caving to the absolute inevitable conclusion  illegal immigration and sanctuary cities are toxic to americ .
 schrifty  realjameswoods i was looking for facts  not opinions  as to why liberals want sanctuary cities but don t .
 aoc simply put  you are a dork     nobody want to see children put in compromising  dangerous situations  which happ .
 aclu  icegov so the clu is for illegal immigration    i left the a because well it seemed appropriate  .
 trent72063  kevin01767519  wylde andrew  derek mafs  aoc lets make our legal immigration process less onerous then .
 trish regan until recently neither party wanted to stop the illegal immigration  for different reasons  both parties have taken advantage .
attorney general barr issues his first immigration ruling  targeting illegal border crossers who apply for asylum .
illegal immigration is fun and sexy     .
 aoc whats values  terrorism  illegal immigration  child trafficking  islam is the enemy and so are human and child .
 ilhanmn how about you stop supporting illegal immigration into this country  you support the  refugees  more than .
 tomsteyer why don t you tell the truth   tell him that he s only enforcing barack obama s failed immigration policy .
 nicole20245261  rightofmiddle21  uppittynegress  edentheplanet  handsomeconser1  talibkweli  captjwillis .
 cher  lwhaynes all of the border towns have been shouldering the brunt of illegal immigration  they have been scre .
 thehill white people are here because of illegal immigration and mass murder .
 wsj seeking asylum isn t  illegal immigration   but fasc gotta fasc.
my simple  effective comprehensive illegal immigration reform plan  go home .
 sensanders  aoc  edmarkey you had 30 years on illegal immigration to solve that issue and havny   you think you ca .
 cops4cruz  j wade miller dude    you celebrate the texas revolution on your timeline    a war to defend slavery  a .
companies can t hire them  churches can t continue to care for them  they re let loose on our streets  what do they .
 shaneharris  nickmiroff  jdawsey1 old news  in 2003  the new dhs was responding to police contacts w spanish speak .
 mayorofla housing has little to do with it  every single  and yes  every single homeless person on the streets of .
 doctorchristian lumping history in with current events and spending is pretty lame   without history we are nothin .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 slim skinner  a81arnold  seungminkim  brianschatz no  this bail is for immigration removal proceedings  civil   no .
 rosedixontx anyone who thinks uncontrolled illegal immigration is not a problem  is either a complete idiot or an .
new fox news poll shows how the media is deceiving the public on immigration    despite trump changing almost nothi .
illegal immigrants walk right past group of congressmen as they cross the border    on the very same day biggs and .
 nocontextboomer yes  i agree on the issue of illegal immigration .
dlvr illegal dems ask white house aide miller to testify on immigration  aliens    votered .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration  .
 lesliemarshall leslie  is there anything under the sun that trump can do regarding correcting illegal immigration .
 sweden  25  non scandinavian  will accept another 500 000  migrants 2018 2021    also  tens to hundreds of thousands .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews what does the dem party stand for  socialism  cow farts  crap economy  illegal immi .
this is illegal  pledis literally just posted a statement saying you cannot take pictures in immigration .
6 10    education  b c of illegal immigration  caused by fed   americans now have to pay for private school b c the p .
5 10    housing  illegal immigration caused by the fed increases competition for lower income apartments  illegals do .
4 10    immigration  corporations which aren t able to off shore pressure the gov t to allow mass illegal immigration .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump if you worked as hard at fixing illegal immigration as you have at taking down our pre .
 bruuntaco  willieestrada  andrewpollackfl  aoc in 2017  the total cost of illegal immigration for the united state .
sanctuary cities and illegal immigration   let s talk about it   via  youtube .
i think the mayor of yuma az needs americas help  mayornicholls    the illegal immigration issue is an american is .
 lopezashley3841  stopandshop i think you just inadvertently posted an argument against illegal immigration .
illegal immigration cost the usa an  135 billion loss in 2017 and thats not even counting  remittances  .
better change illegal immigration laws    kidding me .
been busy getting ready to drop new designs at inkddd on etsy  i hear so much about illegal immigration but i think .
 nycmayor  nycmayorsoffice  realdonaldtrump we dont want illegal immigration here in nyc    .
 dailykos do you make a distinction between legal and illegal immigration  btw  this    .
 kamalaharris why dont you speak about cleaning up your feces filled streets  homeless population  fixing illegal i .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov immigration laws are not cruel  go to a border crossing and state your case    cr .
 thehill deport every single illegal  build the wall  change stupid immigration laws then maybe you could help the .
illegal immigration       local resources are overwhelmed   more caravans projected inbound to us southern border       yum .
 cortessteve i agree the system is broken  so for 8 yrs r s had both houses   amp  did nothing  for the last 2 yrs both .
 bonfinescience  masmldm  chuckwoolery that was actually pretty good research  here s our point  from what we see  .
 apcentralregion  ap  illegal immigrant  ice has nothing to do with legal immigration .
 fox40 well they haven t fixed the homeless populations issues problems  so i wouldn t hold my breath they can hand .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov there are too many illegal immigrants for space available  period  agreed there .
 irishpatty54  ac360  cnn now apply that logic to illegal immigration  if the rule of law is what allowed our intel .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities .
 wayofthesword  perlmutations look  illegal immigration isn t the only issue  there s concern about drugs and most .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov perhaps if you and other politicians enforced the law and deported illegal immi .
 deathpigeon ultimately the rhetoric around  illegal  immigration is just another tool meant to foster conflict between people.
 dougdueck  breitbartnews hey dumbdick  immigrants arent against the law  see how the breitard headline says  immig .
according to the swedish migration agencys prognosis for 2018 2021 the country will accept another 500 000  migran .
 joemac1437  jonwoock  lgillon2  mitchellvii  realdonaldtrump  youtube  maddow  washtimes  nbcnews  worldnetdaily .
 crionyxyt  pastaboi 2219  yikes its ash the only things hes known to be problematic for is his tweets and his sta .
once you conquered an opponent s territory his serfs just wandered around where the buildings used to be  potential .
rank and file republicans believe illegal immigration is harmful  gop leaders differ  .
i only think the wall should be built to help w illegal immigration  the united states is the top consumer of mexic .
 1foreverseeking  carrollquigley1  shem infinite  tonkawahee  drawandstrike  actual chaos that would be like terwil .
 supergrobanite no she wouldn t she does not the difference between tax credits and money on hand 25k jobs lost in .
there is a general expectation in mexico and latin america that american immigration law is unenforced           victor .
hey  corybooker      are you  getting it  about illegal immigration  see s like you changed your tune  hypocrite  .
 felipediego56  cityofyuma  whitehouse oh shut up  if you want them  take them in your home  dems have been encoura .
 xo jessmarie  big worm14  zach lovelady24 but trump supporters arent against mexicans were against illegal immigr .
first line of the movie   technically speaking i m an alien  and  from the perspective of immigration  an illegal o .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration   american action news .
 jjauthor  1eskyman you already know the answer to that  too many black families are stuck in desperate inner citie .
 bbhumpphreyys  tweetmebren  cher  lwhaynes not surprising but obviously  facts dont matter in your assessment of .
when u have cher jumping aboard with illegal immigration  you know ppl are slowly coming around   .
this is a weird place for  thedemocrats to go  president trump s policies are too cruel  also they aren t working  .
 trish regan right now  were full  the boat is awash and we need a moratorium on all immigration now  and manage w .
 aoc then go down there and tell them to stop breaking the freaking law by illegal immigration .
 sbogucki12  jkbranin  rescuelilly  katmckinley  caitjperry  jmckee  kfile we probably disagree on immigration both .
 ewarren my priorities  less taxes  less illegal immigration  less war  you ve said good things on this  .
 senkamalaharris of course you are  you d rather see rampant illegal immigration at the expense of your constituent .
 jsw9558  realjameswoods do u know that this illegal immigration movement is actually sponsored by the cartel  ther .
 washingtonpost  nickmiroff illegal immigration is terrorism.
 top sergeant  realdonaldtrump every democrat in the country agreed with president obama   so  then  how can many o .
this is how you stop a problem from persisting  take away the damn incentives  the deep state over the years have m .
 senjackyrosen maybe if we cut back on illegal immigration there would be housing for nevadans  .
illegal crossers will be held indefinitely  .
      i have a great idea              how about if we send these illegal invaders back to their co .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump every democrat in the country agreed with president obama   so  then  how can many of t .
overwhelmed by illegal migrant drop offs  las cruces appeals for donations  american cities .
 magakagmagakag every democrat in the country agreed with president obama   so  then  how can many of the same demo .
 dbloom451 how useless our congress is  yuma  arizona declares state of emergency illegal immigration .
 isiah4congress  aoc way to play the race card isiah   when in doubt throw that baby on the table right  newsflash  .
bernie sanders supports     abortion   birthday abortion   illegal immigration   big government   higher taxes    socialism    ch .
well there it is folks you heard it us citizens take the oath  thats the difference between legal and illegal immi .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration the city of yuma  ari .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  .
cory booker claims president trumps actions to stop illegal immigration make us less safe   american renaissance .
border patrol chief warns of  dangerous new trend  in illegal immigration .
absolutely zero acknowledgement of the legal illegal immigration distinction  this is not an accident  .
 ladychesapeake  giacomoceraolo  jilltalmadge  kimsey n  baldeguy56  sandy beach3001  notcherbizness  galaxy8sgq .
 realdonaldtrump so u continue 2 try 2 bypass law  amp  congress    basically when u bus those illegal immigrants 2 sanct .
 cityofyuma hm  so illegal immigration has negative consequences  who wouldve thought        .
 realjack the dream act of 2019 introduced by senate judiciary chairman lindsey graham  r s c    amp  minority whip dic .
keep the same energy when people back up illegal immigration and giving them free everything because we need to he .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov things were a lot better during the last administration  illegal immigration was .
 stucam7771 rubbing it in  what we will have to do is build a wall against all those american who want to come over .
 mamendoza480 i am so very sorry 4 the loss of your son by an individual who should never have been in this country .
anyway  illegal immigration  like legal immigration  is a good thing and we should stop punishing people for doing it .
 senfeinstein they are illegal immigrants who were caught  not all cultures are created equal and not everyone in t .
 unseen1 unseen this is one of many issues of illegal immigration that would break the country   i wish we heard more from dr  carson .
 malachi2286  taxreformexpert illegal immigration is the error  regardless of your point  where they illegally came .
yes  build the wall and fix the asylum immigration laws  immigration legal yes illegal no    we are full  take care .
at 6 20 pm today on the  rodarquette show  author and historian  vdhanson joins rod to discuss his recent piece in .
 senkamalaharris your grandstanding does absolutely zero to help the illegal immigrants you so callously use as pol .
 leecamp yeah we ve had enough  we need them to guard our first and second amendment rights  we need to do somethin .
 berniesanders you have been talking about immigration reform for most of your adult life  why would you fix it now .
 realalitweets why is this bully victim in my feed twitter  i don t follow brainwash victims who think that people .
stop promoting illegal immigration aclu  you are supporting some bad birds like juan ivan barajas .
 repjerrynadler what is wrong is you and your democrats in congress refuse to fix   our border crisis   fix illegal i .
thank you ag barr   it s about time someone did something to slow down or stop illegal immigration   general barr b .
illegal immigration  like if yes .
1 95 million slaves in the u s    i presume they mean illegal alien sex workers brought in to service other illegal .
ag barr can bring rico charges against american non profits promoting and funding illegal immigration  they are com .
 wafflesrlyf  girlofbirkenau  zezeonetwomany  snakemcgaming  berniesanders what if i come as an immigrant legal or .
we are not allowed to vote on this   we have no say    just pay    this is where a lot of your tax dollars are going .
 workers rights1  mokeyboyzmom there must be a differentiation between legal migration and illegal immigration  whe .
                 this is good    immigration judges no longer are allowed to release illegal aliens who are caug .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump lying nancy  a teacher in mobile  alabama was killed by an illegal alien in a hit a .
this is in spanish but   i can give you the short version  chiapas  mexico is saying they have 50k migrants there t .
 thealicesmith i am a conservative who agrees with some libertarian ideas     mostly social issues   in america  so .
terrorists exploit our borders   according to a report from an organization that focuses on the problems with immig .
 golrizghahraman  jamespeshaw  nzgreens take a look at how many illegal immigrants are in this country   as part of .
 berniesanders what are you talking about  you re a lunatic   we could put a lot more behind your words   he should .
 ahearn427  whitehouse  potus trump talked about  decay of federal infrastructure  and blamed president obama but n .
attorney general barr issues his first immigration ruling  targeting illegal border crossers who apply for asylum .
 ladyredwave hijabs will replace the blondes in sweden and all of europe unless each country gets really really tou .
 repbarbaralee border patrol is following the law  you democrats dont get to pick  amp  choose which laws to follow or .
 tsellers41  sharonh10585  senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov immigration reform will do nothing to stop illegal mi .
 jude scout  rulefollower  mark kawada  jordanfabian  realdonaldtrump wall first  then immigration reform that bene .
jeff bezos is a left wing scumbag  but as long as the chamber of commerce  supports illegal immigration  order from .
1  need valid reason for asylum and stop pretending as if all illegal immigration has to do with asylum  small numb .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration  .
 paulconservativ  notatsclassy p s  the u s  allows in north of one million people in legally each year  a maddenin .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
 ewarren the only big issue on america s plate is illegal immigration    something democrats seem to ignore .
 repjerrynadler oh jerry  spin it baby  im deeply troubled that your party has done nothing fix illegal immigratio .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration  .
 jkenney please keep telling canadians exactly the way it is   don t pull any punches  despite what the liberal pro .
 nobody should be detained for their immigration status   said  matthewfsmith   who was quoted in this article       ev .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump 1    the truth about 9 11 is that illegal aliens kidnapped a newborn baby and the peop .
remittances  illegal immigration s  30 billion hidden tax .
proof that the illegal muslim immigration all over the world has been illegally concocted by the united nations in .
 saywhen78  donnie0725 soooo you like illegal immigration in other places but not your place huh  very liberal demo .
 stclairashley they need to do a study on how many billions of dollars they would save if they cut out all the ille .
it s over asylum seekers  which is  not  illegal immigration .
 epochtimes  pewresearch i know the narrative is that democrats want illegal immigration so they can build a future .
 nytopinion there is no anti immigrant rhetoric in the republican party  only anti illegal immigration  it is the d .
 hanna juarez   chaplainmartin1  barackobama the media implied it and also implied he said all immigrants were anim .
muslim bkstore  i asked  do you have a copy of donald trumps book on his u s  immigration policy regarding muslim .
so is their a crisis or not  seems pretty bad  oh  nd where does it say anything about illegal immigration in our h .
 realjameswoods wait till they start dumping illegal immigration there too .
 thedude2807  jimofficious  thehill immigration is not the same as migration or illegal immigration  but it s hard .
the border city of yuma  ariz   became the first in the u s  to declare a state of emergency over illegal immigrati .
 wednesdaywisdom gap time the cartels are using it and we have to get serious about illegal immigration  democrat .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 nhpolitics   illegal immigration not going away  only getting worse      i expect more from democrat delegation  where r .
as for the marshals  confirmed aliens are 38  of their total population   and the vast majority are illegal immigr .
the illegal muslim immigration all over the world has been illegally concocted by the united nations in order to de .
 noguff1  1kekster  lorihoward73  hjaenus  quiet steph  consofcooking1  pharnagy  voiceofreasonnw  lisaandwyatt .
 whitehouse for that purpose  japan has enacted the  sins promoting illegal work     under article 73 2 of the immigr .
obama brought them to america      proof that the illegal muslim immigration all over the world has been illegally co .
 whitehouse as long as there are  operators  that require illegal immigration      unauthorized immigration  to enter .
 pleasethink1776  gop illegal immigration hit new record highs under obama     it hit a record low in 2017  it didn t .
 whitehouse he president should shift  illegal immigration  to  legal immigration     but as president donald trump s .
 whitehouse the  special zone  will be the  factory  of the world    of course  to win the economic war with china    t .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov walls work wayyy better than pink skirts at stopping illegal immigration .
worked  tried to explain illegal immigration  cried about notre dame  worked  learned about capitalization  wondere .
 senkamalaharris wall work kamala  just ask israel  and yes  i agree  our current immigration polices are cruel     .
 daverod7777  michbonner  realdonaldtrump ok     so whats your idea to stem illegal immigration .
      no other group can claim our sacrifice in the usa       chattel slavery   peonage   jim crow   white .
 davebr0chill  mhendr61  nuck811  neoavatara  walshfreedom lol immigration to norway both illegal and legal combine .
 berniesanders i m the great granddaughter of immigrants  i m 4 legal immigration not illegal immigration we hav ri .
during the 14 years of its operation  110 000 jews immigrated to palestine  in 1945 reports of the holocaust with i .
 cis org why isn t columbus ohio on the map  columbus city council and mayor support illegal aliens columbus unfaze .
 shimmyshtauber i just realized that  billdeblasio is not the first  nycmayor to condone illegal immigration  mayor .
 jordan stratton 100ks immigrants  i paid taxes but get no representation or benefits govt  because youre illega .
 amber athey cool   i ve always wondered what effect illegal immigration had on affordable housing costs for americans .
 kamalaharris kamala harris  isn t it funny that all of a sudden all these sanctuary states counties cities are con .
william barr ends illegal immigration catch and releaseprogram .
 berniesanders what the bleep are you talking about   we are all descended from immigrants  this is a nation of imm .
 america is the most disgusting cesspit in the planet its either yee haw bomb the whole world nigga nigga gang .
 hersheyhiker  scottchalleen  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump just not too many to make the democrats scared  but illeg .
 michaelquestio1  cortessteve states  amp  cities sued  amp  in response courts say you can hold only for 20 days so why no .
 jonwoock  joemac1437  lgillon2  mitchellvii  realdonaldtrump  youtube  maddow  washtimes  nbcnews  worldnetdaily .
 kamalaharris says on  podsaveamerica that illegal immigration is not a crime .
last week  president trump didnt just throw gas on the fire of the illegal immigration debate  he backed up a tank .
 redpillblackman  washingtonpost actually  larger than illegal immigration    is higher education that teaches our .
 jackwojcik 1  femi sorry ok  so your abusive and nasty  and also not sure you understand the difference between il .
 wethevoters2013 thats exactly how your argument about illegal immigration feel  just like that  you have no argume .
 townhallcom too late   she shouldn t be in this once great  nation   she shouldn t be in the congress my ancestors .
 wethevoters2013 this are illegal aliens  better brush up with knowledge  unfortunately for you  anything that has .
is the problem illegal immigration or a bunch of ass holes called congress  .
 cgibbons313       democrats must change the immigration laws fast  if not  sanctuary cities must immediately act to t .
 tomilahren illegal immigration discrimination.
one of the many horrors of illegal immigration  .
 aclu  ikebarinholtz i would like to know the breakdown percentages of citizens  legal residents and illegal reside .
.
illegal immigration is wrong  they do not deserve special treatment .
trump said he would stop illegal immigration  now worst ever  he would build a wall  no wall  mexico would pay for .
watch what happened at 10 17 in  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 fairimmigration  nbcnews  chucktodd  mmurraypolitics  carrienbcnews wouldnt it be great if anybody in our governm .
 senblumenthal if you support sanctuary cities  you are encouraging illegal immigration  you are responsible for th .
 tedfl34  keithmalinak i thought about checking the corruption and immigration boxes and leaving a message asking   .
this is why conservatives  boomercons in particular  need to stop using the  legal  argument          i support legal i .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
listen to the latest episode of vintage voorhees now  on  iheartradio .
look at this news article from the daily caller  immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegal .
 berniesanders  thedude2807 except that you  as an immigrant  didn t come over with the express goal of abusing the .
 atx fight club  jasonsbishop  aoc where do you get your news  fox       nobody in politics is pushing open borders  no .
news flash  illegal immigration is illegal  .
fox is going the way of cnn  this misleading poll should have asked does  illegal  immigration hurt the country  ye .
be with us  ag barr rules illegal immigrants seeking asylum must be detained  without bond  barr ruling immigration .
 waynedupreeshow how funny i thought you wanted illegals fairly treated and republicans were treated them badly you .
why isnt the guatemalan government helping to stop the illegal immigration crisis at the border  .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov what are you going to do about illegal immigration  build the wall now  potus.
 reelectnydia if we have a congresswomen in this country that doesnt understand the difference between legal and il .
 ilhanmn yes they are under threat from ideas such as radical islam  marxism   socialism communism   illegal immigr .
 tulsigabbard    the american taxpayers can tell alot about democrat representatives bankrupt state    high taxes    ille .
 gop  realdonaldtrump where are all the established republicans railing and working against illegal immigration  ho .
shock  cher comes out against illegal immigration and sanctuary cities   big league politics    .
well then peg  take some in  you havent had to suffer the consequences of unchecked illegal immigration like i have .
 ahzaidi55  andrewpollackfl  aoc and someone needs to remind you that iran hates america  they will  however  take .
 themarkpantano history has shown us that many  congressional republicans say they want a strong border while at th .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov im moving to az from ca to escape the high taxes  crime and unfettered illegal immigration  .
the biggest threat we face today is not terrorism but illegal immigration spillover from central america and mexico .
 speakerpelosi why are you in another country  stay home and take care of our country  you need to work on fixing t .
 yourourbitchmitch   now do something about illegal immigration       .
just a casual evening researching immigration raids in the uk and i came across a post by  vice titled hunting for .
 piersmorgan its a pity cher get behind trump on this issue and raise awareness on illegal immigration  .
u s  mayor declares illegal immigration emergency   restoring liberty .
illegal immigration needs to stop  no more  go home  we are full     the usa is not your home  brandon had to pay t .
the illegal immigration debate here in the usa is a joke   if people really want to stop it  race baiting or attack .
 montaga  ljspagnoli welfare  affirmative action  illegal immigration and excusing shitty behavior are keeping blac .
 realdonaldtrump you lying tool  there is no new wall being built  illegal immigration is at a 30 year low  amp  your a .
 c0lettea  kyrakuuuu i awcknowledge that a lot of people think its not our responsibility either to house so many .
 djmcdougle01  dancrdave you can thank your democrat leadership for the illegal immigration crisis situation we are .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov kyrsten  thank you for the call to everyone  maybe this is bad timing  but  what .
 paulc49rcp  cb618444 leftists democraps globalists  amp  chinate change claimed support mass illegal immigration .
yes  market manipulation     2008 crash   huge fees    aca   radical islam  women s rights   destabilize family   illeg .
 ganulvian  gop perhaps you should look at the legislation they passed and the bipartisan legislation passed  fact  .
democrats lost america on illegal immigration issue in 2016  they will lose again  2020election because they love r .
 cher  americannonna  aremond2 the fact that for decades  illegal immigration has been ignored and enabled  by our .
trump launches deceptive new  facebook ad targeting seniors   if mexico doesn t immediately stop all illegal immigr .
 serremmy  patriotgames76  jonz970  777dino  annp188  garway95  sgilbert444  evelynshep3  chrisgakings  roddy202620 .
 amyklobuchar drop out  you have zero chance  still looking for your immigration plan  curious how you will fix the .
i see  speakerpelosi  senwarren  aoc  cher and other  dems complain about how illegal aliens are being treated  but .
 amy siskind  reluctantactvst  the american people   you mispelled  the liberal rage mob     the party of anti semiti .
 qoracle1  marklutchman well that makes two aggressive people against illegal immigration    .
 mn american  ilhanmn  potus are you trying to make a point  be careful what you say  i want you out of my country  .
ag barr takes action on illegal immigration   podcast  podstation via  podstation app.
what s the impact of mass illegal immigration to the u s   mass abuse of workers  is that america  is that what ame .
 markruffalo  aoc we should implement the green new deal  in a few years with no cars planes  cows ie economy it wi .
it is irresponsible to place the 7yr old illegal immigration problem square on trump s lap to suggest he is respons .
imagine not tearing babies from their mothers breasts and also reducing illegal immigration pressure.
cherhassuddenawakeningonillegal immigration iunderstandhelping strugglingimmigrants butmycity  la isnttakingcareof .
 dunekacke when are you going to realize that illegal immigration is not about brown people  .
 kalymnosmonroe  aoc they re concentrating on the wrong  illegal immigration   chinese and russian birth tourism is .
 gop funny how illegal immigration was declining under  barackobama and then dipshit donny decided to get tough on immigration .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
.
powell was not talking about illegal immigration  he was talking about all immigrants  racists don t care about imm .
 florida taking a different tack than  california  fla  is poised to adopt a bill banning so called  sanctuary citi .
jan brewer  when i was governor  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and in .
 whorligram  kyrakuuuu if we spent less money on illegal immigration we could focus more on the legal immigration p .
illegal alien who married her brother to defraud u s  immigration had this to say on twitter today regarding the im .
ummm  with all the issues trump can brag about in an election year i kinda think fannie mae will be toward the bott .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov build the wall and it will slow down illegal immigration   jees  100 000 people .
the white house s mueller reaction plan has a wild card  trump  can we please move on from a .
state democrats can either tighten illegal immigration loopholes  or have blood on their hands    how many cdc checkp .
 bretweinstein  benshapiro left often wants to help but they make it worse eg minimum wage  illegal immigration  healthcare etc.
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst is senator booker saying that mass illegal immigration is making us less .
    tiffanymarie  thecarczarspage  berniesanders  realdonaldtrump no illegal immigration.
 jduffyrice  kategreen72  conservmillen automation an illegal immigration and resettlement of low skilled  refugees .
 aj truth  danpatrick  realdonaldtrump i hate illegal immigration  all should obey the law  but angelmoms should kn .
 realkylemorris got unlimited  uncontrolled  illegal immigration  you might be under globalist attack  it s how eur .
curbing illegal immigration to the west would be a difficult task  given these incentives  remittances have become .
i believe illegal aliens who tear down border fences 2 illegally enter r country  live off r tax dollars produce ki .
king forum addresses legal vs  illegal immigration .
king forum addresses legal vs  illegal immigration    .
 realcandaceo  larryelder maybe pres  donald trump should take you guys advice  stop acting like victims of illegal .
if you care about this country  you ll want the wall built  we need it built  it s not racist or divisive  it s cal .
 thomaswittig3  newsmax  myinfoingridz1 and we know how accurate the polls were in 2016   i think most people far m .
 repmattgaetz first this looks setup like they are waiting for you to get there  second  people like yourself and .
no crisis at the border   in fiscal 2017  the border patrol made 130 thousand apprehensions of  mexicans  a sharp dro .
obfuscation and defection  hes an open borders  illegal immigration advocate  working against american workers as .
 jimmyfallon please help me start my new hashtag  regarding everything americans are facing from illegal immigratio .
 toffuey  chuansheng67  mathias1105  cher i have had to deal with our immigration system myself it sucks     but il .
there is legal immigration and that path must be followed   the only way to stop  illegal  immigration is with use .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov our immigration programs need to be reformed   we need to focus on welcoming le .
senator cardin  you are a liar just like the rest of democrat collegues you have not lifted a finger do anything ab .
 realdonaldtrump have you guys checked how canada is handling illegal immigration  in front of the cameras  they sa .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov simple  build barriers and reform laws to curb illegal immigration  how hard is this to understand .
 senatorshaheen why dont you do something constructive  like comprehensive immigration reform  illegal immigrants .
 cyclinggomez  chuansheng67  mathias1105  cher you dont know the normal citizens who are coming into your communit .
 berniesanders  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse the dire emergency is illegal immigration  illegals f central america w .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says  indeed  and anyone w a brain knew .
 n21 ramonperez  realdonaldtrump  qanon76 it will slow down the importation of drugs  it will stop or slow down hum .
i don t trust the former communist  sounds like more john mccain type of platitudes about illegal immigration  .
the illegal immigrant that killed my sister  sara  was part of that 27   immigrants make this country great  illega .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov it was only after the migrants learned they could reach their goal of entering .
 cher because of the liberal policies you love so much  you guys demand illegal immigration here you can have it .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov cruel immigration policies  you mean enforcing the laws  your cruel conflation .
why wasn t this done by previous ag  illegal aliens have no right bail when they break us immigration laws       in new .
 gjandrews  gop but attempting to pander by going soft on illegal immigration wont work .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
some illegal immigrants who are about to be deported must be held without bond as their deportation cases play out  .
 tmasculinity1  ingrahamangle no  its not  trafficking is less than 1  of illegal immigration or asylum seekers  i .
 aoc i dont believe in allowing illegal immigrants into country  no different than telling border patrol to send a .
fact  illegal immigrants make up 13  of federal prison population   clothed  fed  and free healthcare additional co .
 thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc her husband didnt do it moron  the illegal didnt show up for his immigration cour .
 realjameswoods ag barr likely just shut down the caravan migrations we have witnessed through the last year  it al .
just got ad in mail for conservative candidate for next federal election  looks like the main taking points are the .
 girlsreallyrule no  hes suppressing illegal immigration .
 jkbernieb  msnbc why  america is doing great and will continue to do great  the only bad thing is illegal immigrat .
 eugenegu so why are you for illegal immigration .
 dailymail now do illegal immigration .
 realrickywilde we need to close our borders until illegal immigration around the world is stopped    it has been org .
new story on npr  florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
new story on npr  florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
new story on npr  florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
new story on npr  florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
congressman al green has devoted 100  of his efforts in attempting to impeach trump  what has he done for the citiz .
florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration.
 vickigr81567276  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump theyre not refugees and its not racist to not want your countr .
new story on npr  florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
new story on npr  florida lawmakers jump into national debate over illegal immigration .
 mcatty alex we dont need more problems  i have no problems with immigration  i have problems with illegal  uncont .
 feltwright1  beccijohnson88  femi sorry  brexitparty uk  davidlammy  nigel farage absolutely  brexit in itself won .
 brucealrighty45  redwing13040774  realdonaldtrump this is really disturbing that americans could make such a blank .
overwhelmed by families seeking asylum and desperate for federal assistance  yuma  arizona is the first u s  city t .
 gop illegal immigration had been decreasing for nearly a decade before trump came into office and his administrati .
 jimmyjimmyii  thedailybeast do you see trump offering asylum to south africans who are fleeing their country due t .
 jlptalk  breitbartnews i said two years ago that the democrats were replacing the black vote with hispanics  there .
 noahcalderon916  uniterscentrist  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump  hillaryclinton it is all a scare tactic distract us fr .
 one out of five american children go hungry each day   veterans  living  on the streets   w .
.
 itsjustjill  reneecarrollaz these leaders believe in cheap labor       follow the money       thats why theyve done no .
the loopholes in our immigration system incentivize illegal border crossings  congress must act to .
for every person that rants on about illegal immigration w  i m fine w people coming to our country it s that they .
 speakerpelosi  sofearghail td  nationalemergency  senschumer          our democratic leadership should not be visi .
 gavinnewsom you are in dire need of funding public schools and supporting residents in their cry request to stop i .
 realdonaldtrump you must consider what created the flow of illegal immigration  if you study the problem closely you will see.
 aoc funny you can admit there is an illegal alien kid caging problem but not an immigration problem .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   the sean hannity sh .
 melski1 what s interesting is the number of democratic candidates are pointing out trump s campaign promise to red .
 thebellaaaron the democrats openly promote illegal immigration in their sanctuary policies and give welfare benefi .
illegal alien charged with raping 7 year old girl in virginia    oscar ramirez  33  ice agent responded to the culp .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  oann  judicialwatch let your assistants do the attacking  focus on the key issues  raise s .
 repschneider these are scammers not asylum seekers  we need to fix our broken immigration laws to end catch and re .
 realdonaldtrump you want to stop the flow of illegal immigration  change the policies with your neighbors and stop .
 speakerpelosi  hillaryclinton let s look here   supports illegal immigration   supports open borders   supports antisemi .
 skuzr illegal immigrants can refuse searches  amp  do have the right to remain silent   basic 4th  amp  5th amendment righ .
 realdonaldtrump congress will never change those laws mr  president  the only sure way to stop illegal immigration .
   cost of illegal immigration .
 caspappas  feminina  doodlestrks  almostjingo  ggc369  hybiscus33  jman23sd  bfricketion yes illegal immigration i .
here is more than enough proof that the illegal immigration all over the world has been illegally concocted by the .
 giancarlosopo  diegs 11 this article is a scam against law  amp  order  it argues for amnesty while not even admiting .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst booker wants it both ways  build the wall stop illegal immigration.
 mayor steinberg  housingca  gavinnewsom really  where    gavinnewsom is to busy campaigning for president to fix a .
 tweedypatricia  beccijohnson88  femi sorry  brexitparty uk  davidlammy  nigel farage but brexit in itself still do .
 babzylonia  cher  lwhaynes 6  families  there is no req that applicants be legal citizens residents  this is a non .
if these figures are anywhere near correct and   as supporters of illegal  immigration claim   immigrants commit cr .
.
 aoc then you must support the stopping of illegal immigration  because that is the leading cause of kids being caged    .
exactly  what on earth is wrong with the democrats  legal  orderly immigration is great  illegal immigration and ch .
 roscoebdavis1  johngaramendi informative thread on all roads leading illegal immigration begins  amp  end with obama o .
 michael05833466  whitehouse  potus the homeless problem is  greatly  exacerbated    by unchecked illegal immigration .
 gc1cg  tadedge  erdmuted  oarichardengel wrong illegal immigration into the us peaked over 10 years ago and has be .
illegal immigrants make up 13  of federal prison population   washington times but  democrats tell us theyre here .
ag william barr rules asylum seekers being deported must be jailed   some illegal immigrants who are about to be de .
 madisongesiotto the politicians of these sanctuary cities are the active and champion proponents of illegal immigr .
 skuzr illegal immigrants within the borders of the us have some basic constitutional rights like freedom of speech .
if congress refuses to fix the illegal immigration issue  then  we the people  will do what we can to do  to help p .
 washingtonpost  illegal  immigration enforcement.
 ingrahamangle i recieved his state of emergency  detailing the affect of illegal immigration    from the cuban cris .
 mariagmaitland  sensanders exactly and you understand english for these people who dont know english and dont have .
 jessiejaneduff  cernovich shes also been seen with canadas minister of immigration before she was elected  plott .
just concluded a drunk drugged up to stop illegal immigration must remember that nor.
 whorligram  c0lettea your sites are not reports  your sites are not giving any stats mine are  even democrat sites .
 amyklobuchar your party uses people as pawns in a political game daily  your entire party is built on social justi .
 ambjohnbolton we should be restricting remittances to mexico  cuba is not a threat to u s   i realize their ongoin .
.
 itsjustjill  juliereichwein1 they are bold face liars and upscale cowards  we have no representation  illegal immi .
he neglects to use the word illegal on purpose  we are a sovereign nation with laws  we must protect  amp  enforce our .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push  via  yahoo           immigration ca .
 aoc aoc  no one wants to see children in cages   america s failed immigration system and laws encourage illegal im .
 kamalaharris illegal aliens are being led to believe they can come to the u s  get to a sanctuary state or city an .
 aoc 1  the kids are not in cages  they are in large open areas that are surrounded by fences  there s a huge diffe .
our police are failed by the laws currently in place to effectively deal with illegal immigration  for the constitu .
 gopcaseyanthony  charliekirk11 i dont hate immigrants at all  i have to admit that i probably do hate the politic .
 arthurschwartz  billdeblasio  billdeblasio how ironic of you to call something illegal      trump should ignor .
border towns shouldn t be  overwhelmed   this means illegal immigration has gone way too far for way too long  amp  cau .
democrats want to regulate everything   except the flow of illegal immigration .
we shouldn t be taking care of illegal immigrants  period   even if every one of our citizens was doing well   it s .
.
 xstrategiesdc democrat interpretation of immigration reform    send all illegal immigrants to  red states    thank you .
more proof that leftists didn t see  whitehouse s offer to move illegal immigrants to  sanctuarycities coming    an .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  via  dailycaller.
 meowlentine  realinfidelusa  godhatesdanny  mugtang  freshtapwater  amountainman69  ericswalwell what are you talk .
 robespierre241  qualibet1  numbersusa  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump we sent back jews who sought asylum from hitler .
 realdonaldtrump they are clueless about the dangers of illegal immigration  uncontrolled caravans and their negative impact in our nation .
great resource about stopping illegal immigration  a must read      atillathehun999.
 realdonaldtrump .
 stephaniecarvin perhaps research the percentage of illegal immigration involving non whites versus whites   it has .
 naythan07  scotjenkins  reppetestauber  cbp days of our ancestors came with papers to build our country  they lear .
hey democrats there is no crisis at the boarder due to illegal immigrants invasion of this country  then how come t .
 aoc i dont agree with illegal immigration  stop illegal immigrants and you stop caging     deal .
 thedemocrats stop lying and change the laws that encourage illegal immigration .
 aoc so dumb as always  what palestinian kids are in cages  i guess when obama caged those kids you were silent  st .
 ashleyetienne09 the american people have resoundingly rejected  speakerpelosi and her toxic illegal immigration po .
heads up knoxville and beyond      immigration officials  kpd  search for suspect in fatal hit and run  illegal immig .
 cher trump is playing the dems  amp  you like a fiddle  he wants legal immigration not illegal immigration  he wants .
 housedemocrats  housegop  senategop  senatedems if you object to a g   barr  following the law  then change the la .
either we stop this invasion of our country right now or we lose our sovereignty    buildthewall end illegal immigr .
 jwchrisjon  thehill so you re an illegal immigrant  you should look into fixing your immigration status .
 w7voa  houseforeign  repeliotengel right  because the money sent there isn t spent in cuba  and thus available to .
 senkamalaharris abortion is not medical care  just like illegal immigration is not legal immigration  really  you .
are there any limits to illegal immigration  .
 kylekuzma keep that energy when you wanna support illegal immigration.
 rexuregina  cher why is it okay for the border towns have the responsibility for them and not the sanctuary cities .
hispanic countries  geography knowledge 2 10 when anything below america is just mexico  probably blaming all the i .
well i was hoping to my last post stand but  as my brother who lives in yuma i am very concerned about this illegal .
 aoc  robertalai question  how can we stop illegal immigration     ocasio would not have an answer for that   she w .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  via  dailycaller.
90  of the asylum claims are fake coming for a job or escaping gangs are not asylum criteria once released into the .
 scamgoggles  andrewgillum funny  i dont watch idiotic cable news  do you  legal immigration is excellent  i am 2n .
 cher you were very vocal in your opinions on immigration illegal immigration    all of a sudden you re freaking ab .
democrats on capitol hill and media pundits from their comfy studios keep telling us the border issue doesn t exist .
 thelastrefuge2  nbcnews stop incentivizing illegal immigration  its a start .
illegal immigration has real life consequences  i again urge congress to realize the national emergency we have at .
coming up today at 3 05pm and at 5 30pm ill be on  macandgaydos  ktar923 discussing the illegal immigration crisis .
  realdonaldtrump is giving sanctuary cities exactly what they want  more illegal immigrants  cory bookers claims .
whats behind the increase in  immigration at the southern border  will it get worse before it gets better  its co .
 paulembery vox is not an anti immigration party  it is a pro legal immigration party against the illegal uncontrol .
       dialectic  rep hunter smack  the truth leaves a welt on his chin       pow           igno .
 4 000 people are dead in this country today because of illegal immigration and the democrats refus     buzzvideo .
 realdonaldtrump  christas cheryl who is advising you  close the border  illegal immigration will stop  yesterday a .
 cis org that s the rub       trump is not trying to solve the illegal immigration problem  though he talks a lot a .
what on earth is with  foxnews giving  town halls  of free pr for the most offensive left wing garbage in america  .
 govbrewer  realdonaldtrump sanctuary cities don t encourage illegal immigration   employers who don t follow the l .
 potus stop all immigration  legal  illegal  asylum stop it all now  this is bs  .
 cnn  repjerrynadler contempt for the law  this from a congressman whose party support  illegal  immigration   ille .
 tommyhicksgop  lindasuhler simple solution  pass out  maga ball caps to every illegal coming into our country  the .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration  .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  via  dailycaller.
 trooploverbarry  aoc aoc stating she s officially anti obama illegal immigration policy .
       dialectic  rep hunter we have net negative illegal immigration      are you trying to keep them all here  workin .
 aclu illegal immigration must end  asap  its time for your organization to support the usa  despite your constant .
 katrinapierson come on  are we surprised at all by this   measels   ebola  what s next  exactly how is mass illega .
 berniesanders we are a nation of laws   without laws we are not a nation  illegal vs legal   you are only hurting .
 askedreng  berniesanders and promoting unbridled illegal immigration is indeed evil .
      i doubt bullock will listen to anything but his capitulation to islam and democrat illegal .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  pontifex the va is working hard on homeless vets don t think that the de .
 can2geterdone  bamajeans24  potus just like cali  not all of us are idiots and dont agree with sanctuary cities or .
 kamalaharris you dont want to help this crisis  kamala    you dont have the right to complain about it     work .
 kamvtv oh  i thought we didn t have an illegal immigration crisis  at least  that s what the dems say .
there is a crisis with the immigration issue  the problem is that congress doesn t want to do anything about it  .
are there any limits to illegal immigration   via  vdhanson.
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  via  dailycaller.
 kamalaharris let me fix this for you      unvetted illegal immigration is a stain on all previous presidential administrations  there .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  via  dailycaller.
theres an article on  by victor davis hanson that everyone should read  its a real eye ope .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  via  dailycaller.
 susan36495963 this kind of thing will continue to happen until the wall goes up and we stop this illegal immigration .
  americafirst  maga  trump  kag  trump2020  buildthewall  buildthewallcrimewillfall.
 chewzblues  lovesstangs2  nevil mario  steph93065  senfeinstein we are getting close to a point where a vast major .
 reason you are conflating trumps swipes at the criminals and welfare queens  two distinct groups  with a third gr .
 lynda91438673 my original tweet was comparing the folly of  gun control   and the imagined results   no more shoot .
 seanhannity  coinabs yet illegal immigration is not illegal  lol.
 a scheduled asylum hearing  in turn  is seen by border crossers as a mere formality to be ignored  the popular per .
 markruffalo  aoc if climate change was a real emergency  dems would stop both legal and illegal immigration as bot .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push .
 bkbrown39  jenniferm q it is not a hypothetical  there are 10 million  persons living illegally in the us  that is .
barr ends catch and release of illegal immigrants  reveals hypocrisy of nimby libs   .
 speakerpelosi  hillaryclinton   nationalemergency america is still waiting for a bill on the floor to stop illegal .
 rbyn rox  derrick11867832  stephen7782  cher you are still confused  and no wonder    you keep confusing legal immig .
what  i thought they were all about enabling their paths into our cities   oh my bad  they want to move them into .
thousands of illegal foreign nationals can avoid  months of detention  under new barr ruling by not entering the u  .
 mamendoza480 today  pelosi is tweeting proud to be a woman crap when she should be holding congressional hearing .
 patrioticats  ihazcandy  sickgirl12345  socialcivility  wokyleeks  baddcompani  wileechaote  chiefcovfefe .
when will illegal immigration cease  victor davis hanson weighs in on the conditions near his home in the californi .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 senjeffmerkley if it is so frickin frustrating to you then fund the wall and stop illegal immigration  we the peop .
 canadatweetsnow  dncgarbage  cnn heres one from the obama administration so its nothing new .
 rbyn rox  derrick11867832  stephen7782  cher  being an american citizen and anti immigration is hipocracy    for som .
 atree87571299  nytopinion thats true  most americans are radical pro immigration extremists who dont care about .
 finn553  robherring  oann  realdonaldtrump  judicialwatch someone being in the u  s  without having gone through t .
 rbyn rox  stephen7782  cher where do you see me saying that     there is a difference between legal immigrant and il .
 esteezey  lilibanks 12  quentiinsxm  kaitmarieox  berniesanders btw  all of your arguments are strong arguments ag .
 chuckwoolery illegal immigration in our country.
 realdonaldtrump make it a crime to hire a illegal alien  amp  it will put an end to our immigration problem  we know this  amp  you know this .
 swisscitizen  lucetveritas  sjvet45 it s not illegal immigration  so  to be politcially correct  i will grant that .
so nice to see true leaders develope a illegal immigration fix  thanks potus and agotus .
 mkraju isn t this unconstitutional  and illegal according to the immigration laws .
.
 chewzblues  ascending peaks  nevil mario  steph93065  senfeinstein actually i would be willing to pay more for my .
 realdonaldtrump why are they on vacation when our borders are besieged by drug traffickers  pornography  illegal i .
 immigration  arizona mayor declares emergency because of illegal aliens flooding the town .
of course  mr  bannon wrote just lies  lies  salvini didn t reduce human trafficking   not even sure he knows what .
 senangusking  pinetreelegal they should target  illegalaliens   noamnesty  buildthewall federation for american im .
the nuclear option  its time for elite northern cities to share burden of illegal immigration   breitbart .
 realdonaldtrump tweeted earlier this week that those illegal  immigrants who can no longer be legally held  congr .
 themarkpantano what will it take with caravan after caravan after caravan storming our border  it will never end w .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  pontifex how about helping them all by stopping illegal immigration  you .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 philoso me  kathy11012  paulfcgoool  millennialg0p all we want is to stop illegal immigration and fix our broken i .
here are the future consequences the american people will have to deal with from illegal aliens flooding our countr .
 peterwa38140565  gdnpolitics talk us through the effects of illegal immigration in the 60s    when we were active .
 skynewsbreak and a pig just flew past my window           maybe you should get julia hate spewer and the blond ser .
immigrant advocacy orgs silent on if theyll help resettle illegals in sanctuary cities  .
 timothywjohnson there s a white nationalist in your soup   i m a nationalist and i am white   we don t agree with .
 hannauwakwe  beelzeebub666  cnn sanctuary cities dont fear having them and they are not free for all safety zones .
what emergency  yuma is shut down with illegals  .
 therealdesert  realdonaldtrump umm illegal immigrants  i know you want to change what he says so that it fits your .
 charliekirk11 fact   experts agree the wall is a waste of resources  amp  would not significantly reduce illegal immigra .
 berniesanders  shaunking you can t have an immigration policy unless you control who crosses our borders  500k  il .
 smalltownandrew  realdonaldtrump  pontifex isn t lying on your immigration application grounds for revoking your l .
 vanhipp is it time to arm the venezuela opposition   stable democracies are paramount to ending illegal immigration    freedomforvenezuela.
 gopoundsand1234  jamierodr14  realdonaldtrump  potus our cities in the san francisco bay area are already flooded .
cost of illegal immigration clock .
 philpocknee  dcbmep  leaveeuofficial undermine their economies  electing to cease bank rolling a failing eu more  .
 berniesanders i m all for immigrants but have an issue with illegal immigration  i love how the left always forgets that key word .
with hundreds of illegals coming through ranchers  backyards  funny it isn t recognized by the fake news until cher .
 gavinnewsom lol  this dude literally cycles through the same topics on rotation   trump bashing  illegal immigrati .
  ukcarioca thank  ericbolling   stimulus was supposed to climate change  punishment  hope this is when illegal immigration .
instead of advocating for drug addiction rehabilitation programs  for drug addiction to be treated as the health co .
retirees are flocking to these 3 states  and fleeing these 3 states in droves from discover on google .
 manny funes every effort  realdonaldtrump  makes to curtail illegal immigration is failing  because he is driven b .
 berniesanders no one is against immigration  they are against illegal immigration and those who do not do things t .
so how is illegal immigration fair to these new legally immigrated citizens again          asking for a couple thousand .
the real costs of illegal immigration   pelosi disagrees  illegalaliens  bordercrisis  .
 state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration    lt  lt  lt  sean hannity  gt  .
 terry cor  itscaitlinhd  isquaredact i ve honestly never really gotten what the difference is  it s all just a mat .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump put kris kobach as head of department of homeland security that would solve the problem .
 maryammonsef personal characteristics like lying on your immigration papers    the  cdncharter is for canadians  not illegal aliens .
 cmpbhm12  washingtonpost  postopinions punish the business owners not refugees fleeing poverty and danger  illegal .
 praveenkvma  berniesanders if we cannot make a distinction between orderly legal immigration and disorderly illega .
 jobu53027918  such jane  marthamaccallum  bretbaier  foxnews  amyklobuchar the immigration system was working fine .
 feduppatriots1  hernandodesot11 well mr booker fix the illegal immigration problem  too busy campaigning or hangin .
 berniesanders illegal immigration  sensanders     why cant liberals be honest  illegal     is the issue .
 speakerpelosi solve illegal immigration  do something for american citizens  end our suffering .
any member of congress that does not recognize illegal immigration as an assault against our republic is not fit to .
 repadamschiff solve illegal immigration   you are causing suffering to american citizens .
rep crenshaw deconstructs dem arguments on illegal immigration  border s     via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump  aoc  tuckercarlson  loudobbs  seanhannity how many innocent taxpaying americans have to die befor .
yeah you can see that the democrats don t want to change any new immigration laws they lose their illegal voters an .
 kamalaharris illegal aliens  which you refuse to fix the broken dysfunctional immigration laws .
 centreright16  arron banks  carolecadwalla no the video showed what claimed to have done was false   been asked to .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  asavagenation  dbongino mr president  i propose all americans stop paying taxes  file ta .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push .
 megdogwuff  kag4all is  exposing blatant hypocrisy  effective public policy   w r t illegal immigration .
 exit brexit   gt  the commission is working to remove vetoes  they see it s key to their survival      gt  british workers .
he speaks of national identity  which we are losing minute by minute due to illegal immigration  anti americans con .
i applied for the perfect job  got shortlisted  everything going well on the phone interview with hr       until my .
same damn humanitarian crisis at our own border   what is congress doing   blunt in afghanistan  pelosi in ireland  .
 williangelf  franklin graham christians reject illegal immigration and other forms of human trafficking   do you s .
 jwilleandrew  johnnylemuria  alllibertynews  14outof88  lpnational if we had border security we wouldn t have illegal immigration .
i love how they are describing illegal immigration as  pestilence to spread around the country  now  werent you jus .
 realdonaldtrump from a native californian  and a trump supporter     please stop illegal immigration  this state  .
trumps illegal immigration policies might push people towards bitcoin  find out how in todays forbes article  .
 redstate stephen miller s prime directive    own the libs    that s his animating  motivating    get up in the morning g .
 kylekuzma so when it comes to helping a historical treasure in france youre all we need to put america first  b .
sir  please demand a joint session  pursuant to a2 s3  to get a resolution to illegal immigration   wilson did it  .
jan brewer  when i was governor  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and in .
90  of the asylum claims are fake coming for a job or escaping gangs are not asylum criteria once released into the .
 realdonaldtrump before we enact ne laws let s enforce the ones we have  when is ag barr going to prosecute    1  san .
 lesliemarshall is trump s threat a political move  probably  because illegal immigration is a winning issue for tr .
 tomilahren supporting illegal immigration is treason.
 jaxsal2  kaitmarieox  realcandaceo because 10s of thousands are flooding the borders   legal immigration is good    illegal  not so much .
while i don t agree with them  at least the  build the wall    people have an argument in that illegal immigration .
wow   is cher now a republican   i thought she said in 2017 that shed actually accept an illegal immigrant into he .
 nytopinion no one is against legal immigration  it is illegal immigration that must be stopped .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reform  institute .
 realdonaldtrump please  tax the hell out of remittance to mexico  im a native californian and a trump supporter  .
 themistocles w  dwinfrey72  jkbjournalist .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 speakerpelosi in your first 100 days you have done nothing to help  illegal immigration  at our southern border ex .
 laughffirmation  fairimmigration immigrants go through immigration  illegal immigrants go between legal means       st .
 cher its time to walk away  stop  trying to write more to make up for ur comments on illegal immigration  we kno .
 lholt1982  arron banks  carolecadwalla i assume you are ok with illegal immigration  .
 stclairashley  dineshdsouza immigration  why is it that  congress   do we have one     hark about trump  russia  t .
they should have followed the law is the most ignorant thing ive ever heard when it comes to illegal immigration .
 z28paul  themadsloth not to mention it will only exclude about 1 100 asylum seekers  it only impacts those who sta .
this is another aspect of  illegal immigration that the left wants to ignore   the us is now having to deal with di .
 ladyredwave  jali cat  breitbartnews illegal immigration is killing the american dream.
opinion  how can democrats justify failing to take action on the illegal immigration crisis    the major beneficiar .
 thedemocrats what s morally bankrupt is democrats elected by us citizens favoring illegal aliens  and not  funding .
a well written  first person  article concerning the effects of the invasion of the united states    .
 thedemocrats ok  but you need to present a credible solution for problem of increasing numbers of people bringing .
answers to 4 big qs about sending illegal immigrants to sanctuary cities   more than 170 cities counties have sanctua .
 whorligram  c0lettea most of the people who are for the wall do not have racist intent  i highly doubt you know or .
illegal immigration cancer  is injected into the host  us  by the globalist to bring down the whole system  if not .
  frankgaffney interviews  jessicav cis   roscarborough  peter pry and  secretweaponusa on this episode of secure f .
 thedemocrats trump has accused dems of encouraging illegal immigration  but he always attacks his enemies by proje .
 stephen oyetoro  immigrants24 the gop is totally in favor of legal immigration but not illegal aliens  there s a huge difference .
 femi sorry  beccijohnson88  brexitparty uk  davidlammy the law according to femi  illegal immigration is against t .
 sherylcrow  flotus  realdonaldtrump actually the democrats is what s tearing this country apart with ignoring our .
 corybooker first lets tackle illegal immigration  its the threat and disaster that needs to be addressed right now .
ep  16   president trump and illegal immigration .
 beatlesonbankin  dimartinobooth a clear perspective from both but the latter it could be argued a crisis also        h .
 avndesire  dntblkyorblssng  abc you contradict yourself you say the american people dont need a wall they need he .
 morona2019  cubacooperaecmo  somoscontinuidad  somossalud  regresaran  cubaessalud .
 jim jordan thats what progressives do   distract and deflect   they call people nazi when they are the ones pursu .
my first stop on the campaign trail will be in raleigh  north carolina  the rally will be held at nc state universi .
 karjger  johnnylemuria  alllibertynews  14outof88  lpnational it have to do with illegal immigration  also not jus .
 secpompeo we should allow illegal immigrants to testify and rewarded for bringing these human smugglers and cheati .
 josephusd  stakessweeper  dranderson7  realdonaldtrump i agree 100  we need immigration laws  and enforced not onl .
 kyrakuuuu  c0lettea that being said what really needs to happen is making becoming a citizen more accessible depen .
 pandyinfrance  realdonaldtrump if you annex south america then illegal immigration would  likely fall.
there are only seven republicans in  formerly gop  california legislature because of illegal immigration  amp  illegal .
discourage illegal immigration    nosantuary2illegals  nowelfare2illegals  noanchorbabies .
 truthstreet2020  leesaraaum  officialspgb you wanna get rid of illegals  then push policies that removes their ill .
 berniesanders it s ok to be an immigrant    but a legal one  open borders allowing illegal immigration is illegal  it s that simple stupid .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration   american action news .
 stclairashley  dineshdsouza close your ears when i tell you what illegal immigration costs .
 realjameswoods as we spend billions of dollars taking care of non citizen illegal aliens  plus provide sanctuary f .
at the start of our border tour yesterday  angel parents steve ronnebeck and mary ann mendoza spoke to my colleague .
.
 speakerpelosi lets put peace at our southern boarders before politics   end this disgraceful situation  pass new .
 justinphllps  cvpayne statistically speaking  irs numbers   not mine   people who identify as republicans give mor .
 realdonaldtrump small pea brain  there is only one thing that must be change from our comprehensive immigration la .
 ryanafournier if you dont want illegal immigrants in your city  you should go back in time and slay the bastards .
all dems libs know how to do is lie  amp  complain  the reason they don t come up with illegal immigration solutions is .
 thehill so is the rest of the world  are you trying to conflate legal immigrants with illegal aliens again   first .
 nycmayor  realdonaldtrump you wanted to be a sanctuary city  you got it  you want illegal immigration  you got it  .
 patriots are anxiously awaiting the beginning of the prosecution of traitor  amp  illegal omar for immigration crim .
 tkroll9876  davidnovakogo thats crazy   so ignore reality and continue to invite illegal immigration who will do .
 speakerpelosi how can you continue to say there is no crisis at the border    .
 losttogethercda  cbcnews is that why people have been just walking across the boarder over loading the welfare sys .
 berniesanders and you  socialits like taking in 1 million  asylumseekers per year  add another 1 2 million illegal .
illegal immigration itna karwaao ki  democracy hi lage  .
 dawnaldt  waynedupreeshow she def does deserve it    she s perfectly fine with illegal immigration just as long as .
 mikeyj4460  realdonaldtrump  parscale  donaldjtrumpjr  great  he s done work on both of those issues        no  he has .
when will  malinowski take his head out of the sand and admit theres a very real crisis being caused by illegal im .
are you talking about americans or ecuadorians  how much tax payer money did you spend on your trip to ecuador to c .
 hillreporter he realizes that globalization has all but destroyed the working class in the good ol usofa  what is .
the idea of shipping illegal immigrants into sanctuary cities has exposed progressive hypocrisy  if they refuse t .
dhs is pretty much just letting itself be used as a political tool to push the scary invasion immigration narrati .
 superelitee  scoutjamestx  sentomcotton .
who else could picture stephen miller at his first meeting being in charge of the border crisis and going     they wa .
they forgot to mention that for the 7th consecutive year visa overstays exceeded illegal border crossings  this is .
 sweden  25  non white  will accept another 500 000  migrants 2018 2021    also  tens to hundreds of thousands of ill .
 carlyshurtleff   anne timber  alexandrajurani  notaregularmum  i m union and if a politician that supports illegal .
 n rolo24  twitati  andrewyang yes i will  tulsi and yang seem sane democrats  but again  ill decide after what th .
arizona has been getting hit hard by illegal immigration  the evidence  stories and footage are littered across soc .
 philoso me  millennialg0p i support the president because he s been standing strong so far against illegal immigration .
awesomelet them fight against illegal immigration   works for me  .
 ktheintz  sharylattkisson  abvthelaw as dems point them out for political reasons  feels it s reasonable  most cit .
 donnabenefiel  heidibierhorst  thehill again  despise trump admin  1996 illegal immigration reform  amp  immigrant res .
 shebaofchennai  msnbc  juliaeainsley big business loves illegal aliens  cheap labor  if you support illegal immigr .
.
.
icymi  the us must rescue central america from organized crime networksusing financial sanctions  law enforcement .
 debbie72569141  lady vi 2u that s what they are doing all over the country with constant illegal immigration  one .
illegal immigrants  amp  corrupt mexicans can thank lying house  amp  senate democrats for lack of usa border sovereignty  .
 potus what president trump  and you  can do about the ongoing border crisis   judicial watch   published on apr 15  .
   a k a  private jails for democrats are picking up the slack for illegal aliens which is now .
 gatewaypundit so many people who have immigrated or had parents  or grandparents  who immigrated realize that havi .
 liarpoliticians  bbc  bbcnews london is a shithole already  stabbings  bombings diverse cultures  ghettos  illegal .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 berniesanders bernie  we must be a nation of legal immigrants  stop tying the problem to immigrants  this is an .
just had a thought  realdonaldtrump   how about we round up all 535 members of congress and lock them together in o .
 when i was governor  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and incarceration .
commentary  are there any limits to illegal immigration  at all    tennessee star  via  thetnstar.
 kamalaharris id rather listen to americans stories  you forget  these asylum seekers come here illegally  hence i .
immigration is very simple   america s owe illegal immigrants absolutely nothing   we owe fellow citizens everythin .
 judgejeanine cher is still  for  illegal immigration   she just doesn t want it in  her backyard    she  wants it .
 judyfrances1975 no we shouldnt  and we are not doing that  we are talking about illegal immigration but you are s .
more than 170 cities and counties have some sort of sanctuary law prohibiting local law enforcement from assisting .
 kstreethipster  vikrambath1  trumwill  kendeuel also like me a lot of first generation legal immigrants don t shar .
 ingrahamangle  how hard would it be to pass a law that would hold the country of origin of each illegal alien for .
 realjameswoods kicking the can down the road and now the road is impassible    add to that the illegal immigration t .
 kamalaharris sanctuary cities are illegal  yet you don t want them in your district  wtf  which side of illegal im .
i expect this will not happen  but i d be willing to commit to dying due to a fit of laughter if california flipped .
 trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration   new effort .
 mikebwonder they know trump is going to cut off their cash cow of illegal immigration .
wow  it just gets worse and worse  this goes beyond illegal cheaters  this is a direct result of socialists mismana .
 cher cher  like other liberals are quick to virtue signal that others should cover the cost and burden of illegal .
 nybmwracer11 no oscar  we began by talking about illegal immigration and really they go hand in hand  im curious .
 tcpalm thats because they know that florida laws are bullshit   girls were illegal alien prostitutes not sex slav .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  pontifex he is by blocking illegal immigration.
 gatewaypundit the reason these reps take a stance that s detrimental to our country  esp  to immigrants that are h .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 econtalker  national security expert  brigitte gabriel was full of baloney in her interview with dave rubin  who i .
america is being told that people in the valley live in fear because of illegal immigration  meanwhile they re tryi .
ilhan omar race baiting tweet regarding illegal immigration  via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump the migrant invasion is a national disaster and it need to be treated as such  we need to impose a .
 thehill yes we are but our immigrant ancestors came here legally as did millions of others  illegal immigration ne .
.
there s no restrictiontheres no legal limit in federal immigration law that says  dhsgov can only release detain .
 gop zero net illegal immigration under obama .
 noreen69492093  dshore219  nikkythabee  nightowlbooklvr  reaper ovrwatch  lindamusgrove9  butchored .
 allenwest thank you for this article allen   this illegal immigration mess is manufactured   i support president t .
 berniesanders the democratic view of race based welfare and tax policy creates resentment  eliminate sanctuary cit .
trump is playing the left like a fiddle        he just got them to admit their hypocrisy on illegal immigration and has .
regarding your article of the homeless at san francisco airport  we could end this today  the  140 billion of tax p .
 themarkpantano kevin mcaleenan is a former obummer guy who is soft on illegal immigration  trump picked him  or pe .
 cordbyrd  please do all you can to end santuary cities and counties in florida   sanctuary status puts all of us a .
 judgejeanine unfortunately  thats the way people are    if it doesnt bother me  i dont care   illegal immigrati .
if you haven t read  vdhanson s latest column in american greatness  you really should  he really lays it out     .
 teamwyattbb  abel m10 i mean  i could argue the same thing about illegal immigration  why help foreigners when peo .
.
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
i saw a comment on the msm about 16 million children in america going hungry  how many of those are children of ill .
some context  mandatory detention first started in 1988  and drastically increased in 1996 congress passed the anti .
 gunns peter  soulrelevant2u  realdonaldtrump  aocpress  realjameswoods  raymysterio305  rambobiggs  iheartmindy ba .
 jessicav cis  rmconservative goodie  another obummer guy who welcomes illegals either trumps is a fool  or he has .
yea    .
      these people need to be stopped  this is an invasion  military force should be an option .
 gregmannarino apparently some people are hoping for work  oh the american dream       .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump sen warner and kaine of va are useless obstructionists   they deny we have an illegal im .
 caesar2040  berniesanders we need to fix out immigration system so that legal immigration isn t just some lottery .
who else is sick and tired of the back and forth on illegal immigration        it s exhausting    it s offensive       democ .
 ilhanmn  travelban is not a law for blocking illegal immigration but it block legal immigration  i am l p r of u s .
 huffpost how can trump  his right wing scum  and their troll constituents complain about illegal immigration  afte .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 sinqha  owolfxd hes fixing your country   from what i can tell he hast made one bad decision so far and only improve .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
.
illinois  fair is invested in helping you discover the hidden costs of illegal immigration  but we need your help t .
 babaotownshend  gop under the law its akin to possession of illegal fireworks or trespassing  but sure  lock them .
just a few years ago  the republicans were all for middle east regime changes  today the democrats are for economic .
 conserv 4ever  silentcal62 illegal immigration is far worse today than when he took office  if he doesn t put an e .
cost of illegal immigration .
 lesliemarshall  harrisfaulkner wadr why is that dumping  california is a sanctuary state  illegal immigration is h .
 outnumbered  realdonaldtrump  if you abolish the democrat party  there wlil be no illegal immigration   or 100 s o .
 seanhannity blame trump  illegal immigration has increased under djt because he doesn t know what the fuck he s do .
 seanhannity once again trump was and is right  about all the illegal immigration  it just causes havoc in states.
 cnn wait  what  isn t this whole illegal immigration thing just a made up  manufactured crisis  have cnn and the r .
 outnumbered the only thing that democrats see is more illegal voters     congress is a disgrace for not fixing the l .
 thehill pelosi is orwellian  as in the book 1984      she changes a words clear meaning to deceive  amp  present lies as .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
migrants are paying  7 000 to cross u s border illegally when they get to the u s they demand free housing  food ca .
 drhume65  weresist007  jonfavs i am not trying to challenge you  i m genuinely curious as this is a protest i get .
democrats started this a while back calling for illegal immigration party in the united states and boy did they sta .
 ryanafournier  hopefultexvet racist  bigot  xenophobe  cruel  immoral  evil  hypocrite  unamerican        what oth .
 trippettaraffe  kipyag  cbcnews and you are appreciated my friend  this has nothing to do with legal immigration  .
 dbongino i live in az  illegal immigration hurts our communities  we need a wall and stronger border security  the .
 gdnpolitics i am not a tory  however i served in birmingham city police in the sixties  i witnessed the effects of .
 michaelveniero  zippersnyc  nickersfpdx  twittermoments also agree h1b visa is a big problem epecially visa overst .
 anitere flores no sanctuary cities  they are a magnet to more illegal immigration  those in our country illegally .
 adamschiff where s your hard evidence you said you have  let s look at the real collusion hrc  so many illegal thi .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 berniesanders i agree we need reform how about this for starters  build a wall  no new illegal immigration  no amn .
 seanhannity yuma is less than 3 hours from sanctuary state california  since they love illegal immigration so much .
 aclu isnt it good that illegal immigration and lawful immigration gets sorted out  good bad  it is being addresse .
 lt p gt nyt s take on why trump wants sanctuary cities to take on illegal aliens is pure stupidity lt  p gt  .
 seanhannity coming to a city near you  the clamor for real immigration reform is wasted on politics  open borders .
new data posted by u s  citizenship and immigration services  posted by the california attorney generals office  c .
 leeelci    illegal immigration    word of mouth advertising to all none citizens south of our border has spread    mak .
 nycmayor americans are not against immigrants  they are against illegal immigrants walking in using our tax built .
 bradleybyrne voters need to be educated that illegal immigration and asylum seekers are two completely different t .
 americanewsroom  repgaramendi  billhemmer why do we need to pay more taxpayers money to build more facilities for .
 nycmayor legal immigration   not illegal   what don t you get   we the people do not want to continue paying for i .
 thehill first of all   no we re not     some are legal immigrants  some have relatives in the past who legally immig .
 yours917  michbonner  realdonaldtrump or trumps wall which wouldn t stop illegal immigration  because 60  come her .
 repgaramendi saw you on this morning with bill hemmer  the illegal alien crisis fix s you recommended do not addre .
 1bushbeater  berniesanders asylum seekers are different from illegal immigrants  if you are just sneaking over the .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
 berniesanders we are a nation of  legal immigration  and not the  illegal  ones you want to freely enter country  .
 acctexasgirl  seanhannity exactly   he supports illegal immigration but now all of a sudden says this is  illegal  .
 realdonaldtrump     edkrassen     gavinnewsom       newsom  sanctuary cities are all you call of trumps idea to       give sa .
a nationalist socialist caller cant defend segregation of races   caller says he wants our borders to be closed to .
 clamence people keep telling me that they support legal immigration and they only have a problem with illegal immi .
did you know       in march  over 100 000 illegals came in through the southern border       303 916 illegals entered in 20 .
 rep hunter you do understand your racist immigration policies people in your district  ah  crap  i forgot you lack .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 lizpeek  thehill  speakerpelosi  legal immigrants  as defined by the descendants of what modern times would consid .
 repjeffries yeah  youre  forthepeople unless theyre american citizens     lets have a conversation about dems adv .
 wranglertx  liz wheeler  petebuttigieg  realdonaldtrump       lowered taxes    reduced regulations    reduced unemployme .
illegal immigration news  amp  discussions .
 andrewgillum if by  trump style  you mean illegal immigration then yes  florida doesn t want law breakers in our s .
watch what happened at 5 22 in  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 nocorruptionusa  ewerickson  petebuttigieg my point on inclusive was about fellow americans and nothing to due wit .
 senfeinstein what about the 90  of fentanyl crossing our southern border due to in no small part of a crisis of il .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
breaking u s  immigration news    latest  dem   u s  bankruptcy insolvency  illegal immigrant plan       .
 bixkondor  washingtonpost  postopinions i have a life  and your  remark still doesnt disprove illegal immigration lowers wages.
watch what happened at 3 17 in  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 themarkpantano i would hardly call his war with dems over the wall and unfettered immigration  allowing  illegal a .
.
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
 berniesanders you conflate legal and illegal immigration  american communities of color are affected the most by .
 realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viole .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr rakes action on illegal  immigration  factsmatter .
 amyewalter and folks  this isnt some super secret formula trump has stumbled upon  the american ppl have been ask .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
watch what happened at 1 32 in  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 senatedems  housedemocrats  senategop  housegop  aclu  barr desperate to keep his gig no matter the cost  inc our .
 okhobieman2002  statesman bless your heart  my dad was a bracero  always here legally and became a citizen  he was .
 berniesanders this completely driving me bonkers  democrats  do you not understand legal immigration from illegal .
.
ag barr takes action on illegal immigration .
 charliekirk11 they dont even like their own policies  hey have said for a couple years to abolish ice and have un .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
 briteeyes8  americanjane2  jujube23  barefootinak  realbluehand  americanrising  missyjo79  foundinnv  mwam1993 .
watch what happened at 0 35 in  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
watch  jordansekulow s broadcast  radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
q  how do you feel about the illegal immigration issue going on       its the governments job to enforce our immigrati .
 berniesanders the right wing is only criminalizing illegal aliens who breaking our current immigration laws   i al .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
radio  ag  barr takes action on illegal  immigration .
  realdonaldtrump retweeted our petition  right now  our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels  amp  viol .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration  .
 seanhannity all of america is at a state of emergency over illegal immigration problem.
 shaunking demographic shift  compton s new latino majority  studies show historic black communities suffer most fr .
 sjefferies73 dont forget 2013 federal election in australia  carbon tax and curbing illegal immigration  axe the .
illegal immigration is the democrats plan to solve medicaid and social security shortfalls without reducing benefits for seniors .
 mommyinaz an immigrant in a country of immigrants founded on illegal immigration who now demonises immigrants  bec .
 beccaturmo  ewerickson  petebuttigieg of the politicans today crying open borders are the same ones who  were cryi .
illegal immigration and public health   federation for american immigration reform      typhoid   leprosy   tb       just a few .
i agree 100    and the buck also stops  realdonaldtrump on illegal and legal immigration  .
 haley a kanik how about you invite a bunch of random illegal migrants to bunk w you   you trust them so much  so i .
 jimcognito2016  changisquad  lbrot1  theabbotttake  a76marine  therightmelissa youre literally insane  brainwashe .
trump ag fixes court loopholes to deter illegal immigration  via  po st.
the fact that this administration is going after asylum seekers proves that dump wasnt just concerned about ille .
check out the cost of democrats illegal immigration          one america news network   your nation  your news  .
 psychdr100  speakerpelosi  redskin girlnm you re deranged   if pelosi would get off her ass and help with border i .
 numbersusa  realdonaldtrump that hope dried up on the second day of trump s term  you can blame others why trump h .
 randyingram1955 oh you mean illegal immigration crossings aren t the highest they ve ever been since the bush administration  that s a lie .
senate democrats say   dscc  we need to hear from people like you to stop mitch mcconnell and donald trumps toxic .
 markskrikorian i d be fine with a complete shutdown of all immigration  until laws are placed  wall is built  amp  we .
 urbetsyjean  thedaveswank  dhsgov  cbp i know  i ve followed illegal immigration for over a decade  the reason pas .
 repgaramendi       watching you in fox of all the things you mentioned to fix illegal immigration younever mentioned r .
 thesilentloud  roserimi3  speakerpelosi why is a congressional leader taking on the role of international trade re .
give a person some authority and he takes it up so high that it is initiating illegal practices  barr is not the la .
we could transport them to sanctuary cities who support illegal immigration but that s probably racist .
.
you mean asylum seekers or illegal aliens arent allowed to jump bail and live rent free in america  wow thats .
 bbcworld secure our border   no more illegal immigration .
questions  wall  limit to yearly immigration numbers  those waiting longest first law  legal before illegal  join m .
 wonderluzt1 me too  they re heroes to illegal immigrants  while obama caused much of the immigration crisis in sou .
they have in construction and farming  they are also the victims of mass illegal immigration and often clash with t .
good news  just in the last 3 days ive spoken to 3 illegal immigrants that said theyre definitely voting for trum .
 soni razdan indeed  vote out hate  incompetence  pseduo secularism  illegal immigration  terrorism         modiagain .
 reutersworld once again     reutersworld normalizing illegal immigration for their establishment dnc politics low .
 ronquille paul jp  i have bitched for ages that illegal immigration is primarily bad for two reasons   a  no crimi .
 nbcnews  nbcleftfield illegal immigration  this is why we can t have nice things  weird  no one talks about the im .
 realdonaldtrump let s talk about immigration laws shall we donny john       .
 senschumer great job chuckles  .
 curt willis  bluestatesos  franmary i dont doubt they need them  but that wasnt really the point   kamalaharris .
call in the national guard       state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immi .
 varneyco yuma  arizona can thank their citizens for voting for the dems who have brought into america these illega .
 thedailybeast this illegal immigration goes back decades  trumps been in office for   two years        why dont y .
 the golibe america first  unless it s illegal immigration.
 merica she asked  what specifically will you do to stop illegal immigration and  separate out honest  hard working .
.
 alongthebillabo  aeronautes18  pettersonadam  rickybobbychi  aoc  ewarren dont forget stopping all illegal immigr .
so  berniesanders is all for border security but no wall  his idea for control the illegal immigration is  concentr .
 jll12572  cnn illegal immigration.
 kamalaharris what a load of bs  not immigrants  illegal border crossers  stop lying  they should stay home and go .
 pettersonadam  rickybobbychi  aoc  ewarren you would have to lower the corporate income taxes and stop the illegal immigration first.
  developing   .
 dfbharvard do you have a learning disability        listen carefully       no one wants open borders        no one wants illeg .
shouldnt you be like solving crime  drug trafficking  illegal immigration  instead youre playing with tonka truck .
another great benefit to a  gov with its  head up it donkey and who hates the people  control the illegal immigrati .
 itzzzel24  wsu cougar pres oh please  stop playing the victim  its gotta get old  no  freeing slaves was illegal  .
biggest obstacles to economic mobility for working class americans are occupational licensure  taxes on income  amp  pr .
illegal immigration   isnt actually that bad damaging       republicans  mexico  sounds like national emergency to me lol wee woo .
watch  sanctuary cities and illegal immigration   let s talk about it   on youtube    love thi .
 warrior 4truth  sxdoc not passing judgment on the people  just the leadership who nurtured and encouraged this  ju .
former models for donald trumps agency say they violated immigration rules and worked illegally  mother jones   oop .
 anntensity trump tweets out a good idea on immigration every week that would have been implemented 2 years ago if .
illegal immigration   congress owns it  dems own it  obama had all the votes and did nothing   california is a homeless state .
 thedaveswank  dhsgov  cbp that president represents americans  we the people are citizens of this nation  not lega .
 johngaramendi wtf do you mean we need to build more facilities for these illegal invaders  we are tired of wasting .
 anti bone spurs  rpiloves  wil6ur  mark clinton  cassandrarules  realdonaldtrump im out of the aca  i didnt ask .
 womenfortrump but illegal immigration isnt a problem  its a manufactured crisis made up by trump  remember  .
 sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline difference between illegal and legal immigration  .
 edasante77 democrats used to understand the impact of immigration  especially illegal immigration  on labor  but n .
garamandi you own illegal immigration    we the people are not with you   dems own it  congress owns it   this has .
listening 2 dems on tv  it s clear they have no clue about root cause of illegal immigration problem  they talk mor .
all cases like this should be sent to sanctuary cities where the immigration courts are not overloaded   .
 repmattgaetz the border is in crisis and we need to elect a president who can get it back under control  trump s 9 .
1  this has never been about stopping illegal immigration  it s always been a mission to stop brown people from sou .
nyt combining illegal immigration and climate change in one headline     this socialist rag will never stop making sh .
 betoorourke we don t want your universal bullshit healthcare   you are the party of criminals   pres  trumps is en .
 billhemmer geramendi is an idiot   stop illegal immigration by turning off the magnet   no free medical  no free housing  no free benefits .
 warp reality 1  claiming asylum has become a loophole  many of these ppl are passing through other countries to ge .
three questions to ask liberals   as president trump threatens to transport illegal aliens t .
 cnnpolitics not even close to a 10th of the cost    but it would       stifle entrepreneurship  amp  job creation   cause mass .
 realmattcouch living in the city next to his  and growing up in south bend  i can honestly report he wanted  wants .
 dumpchumprump  jhewett245  cnnpolitics  sensanders  potus  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump in what way       the gdp imp .
 ingrahamangle no illegal immigration    .
i have low tolerance for illegal immigration puff pieces  but to see a working mother   amp  veteran  earn her degree a .
 e coke97 stopping it slowing it down from coming across the border would also help and save the taxpayers money al .
 betoorourke more nonsense from you   there are firearm checks  the traitors  war on drugs is ending thanks to pres .
people in flint  amp  puerto rico should get the democratic congress to stop the illegal immigration so we don t have t .
what are we thinking   illegal immigration is illegal  see the schumer  amp    pelosi face saying to you so what its what .
maybe this will have an impact on  speakerpelosi and the dems to actually do something about illegal immigration .
 realdonaldtrump youre doing an awesome job  i totally agree with you on illegal immigration .
 politicalmath the obama administration is racist  they are using that racism to let black criminals off the hook  .
 realdonaldtrump members of congress should be paid on performance they should be paid twice a yr with a review not .
 kylekuzma then take the money thats getting taken by illegal immigration and put it into the water sources that w .
mexican attempts to impede the surge come after president trump gave the mexican government one year to contain ill .
 talhazelden  sebgorka his point was nobody here is against immigration to the united states  just against illegal .
after california gives trump the green light  donald dr  ops his sw ift     via .
some jail deputies with  ccsofl are part of agreement with  icegov to enforce federal immigration laws  here s how  .
2 2 estimates provided by dhs  center for immigration study  federation for american immigration reform  institute .
republicans  we re not against immigration   just illegal immigration      also republicans  screw the law  shoot the .
but god forbid someone said the same about illegal immigration .
 nratv  repswalwell  dloesch its all for political theater and nothing else  thats what the democrats do  they pi .
are there any limits to illegal immigration   via  vdhanson.
trudeau is a puppet controlled by the un  nwo  that is why he sought backing from the un to keep our borders open  .
illegal immigrant is the suspect in fatal hit  amp  run  and you  senschumer   speakerpelosi   sengillibrand  .
 jessicav cis  anncoulter  rollcall why gop r   not rushing to change immigration laws open borders corp bribed  .
 nbcnews illegal immigration is a huge problem all over the world  .
for the 1st time  the  trump administration is targeting the real issue with illegal immigration  visa overstays  v .
 corrcomm burro is spanish for donkey so i thought it might be some kind of arcane reference to mexico and illegal .
when i was governor  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and incarceration .
 speakerpelosi us military protect refugees in yemen u welcome illegal immigrants flooding   overrun our countrys .
 cher you need to have a concert for the homekess im la   call ted hayes please  also pass out flyers about how ill .
 kizzieswag1  lovedeb messing how dare you speak i ll of our milliary  those men and women serve our country with p .
 michaelveniero  zippersnyc  nickersfpdx  twittermoments one that s not illegal immigration over the border nice tr .
 foxnews insp  must act now  to stop illegal immigration  it is an emergency   bus all of them back to mexico   now .
it s absurd to think that  sensors and technologies and drones  will be more effective at stopping illegal immigrat .
 fraser anning every immigrant without education and merit will resort to illegal means of living  australian immig .
 redreiterphotos  gop yet  illegal immigration is worse than it has ever been       far worse than when he took office .
 realdonaldtrump enough    put the hammer down on illegal immigration      .
just released  of the nearly 60 000 illegal immigrants populating our federal prison systems  68  are those already .
 realdonaldtrump i am happy that you are taking care of the immigration problems  if you did 20 years ago i would s .
this is scary  it s a perfect example of why we need to stop illegal immigration    we must protect the citizens of .
 kamalaharris you and your party used her for political mileage you and the democrats lied about russian collusion .
 realdonaldtrump mr president   you ve been in power 2 1 2 years and nothing has been done about illegal immigratio .
 ktar923 heres a good idea  anyone who opposes the wall and thinks illegal immigration is a good idea should take a few into their homes .
 donaldjtrumpjr democrats were never for americans  since the start of their racist party under andrew jackson  dem .
 rwpusa  joebiden  realdonaldtrump income inequality started increasing with illegal immigration     coincidence    ill .
liberals making arguments against sanctuary cities and illegal immigration    gt   .
 team mitch we need a new republican candidate  mcconnell is swamp and has no interest in america first or fixing i .
 ryanafournier this is good    the headlines write themselves    new york sues to stop illegal immigration   illega .
 realdonaldtrump  since dimwit dems will not legislate on illegal immigration  cant president trump  legislate on this own .
 realdonaldtrump illegal immigration is skyrocketing since you became president  great job on your part .
 mikejohnstonco  man made  climate change is bullshit  now do illegal immigration .
 msnbc  juliaeainsley at least their trying to solve the illegal immigration which is more than i can say for your .
this isn t the same energy you guys have when it comes to illegal immigration .
 realdonaldtrump dems in congress can t seem to use the word illegal when discussing immigration  they seem to reserve it for the witch hunt.
 drhume65  weresist007  jonfavs reference  illegal immigration reform and immigration responsibility act of 1996  c .
 ivankatrump  usaid why is u s a i d  given soros millions of dollars to fund the illegal immigration   a informed american wants to know  .
 govbrewer  realdonaldtrump but what about the people who live in those cities that are against illegal immigration .
they should  wait     nbc  amp  other fake news networks keep leaving out the word  illegal immigrants in all their repor .
 ericswalwell  dloesch stop illegal aliens   look what is happening to arizona   change immigration laws    then we w .
we are being invaded       the truth is that president trump is not doing everything he can to stop illegal immigration .
nearly 60k known or suspected  aliens  in federal prisons  doj says      immigration.
 katrinapierson the price we pay for illegal immigration .
 thehill no i was born here  legal immigration  is good illegal is bad .
 judgejeanine the u s  should be enforcing immigration laws and more concerned about protecting her borders and cit .
 thehill that doesnt mean us should turn a blind eye to illegal immigration .
 kamalaharris you helping democrats to allow america to be destroyed by illegal immigration will end this nation.
yet  they want more illegal immigration         san francisco airport officials say there s a  surge  of homeless peo .
its self evident that businesses and politicians are actively promoting illegal immigration  and dont want an acc .
 lonestarmomcom  sylviamsoto2 it would be awesome if our elected officials could work together and fix the illegal immigration problem .
 speakerpelosi  do your damned job and protect americans from this invasion  you people are worthless          potus .
 speakerpelosi americans are asking you and congress to end the illegal immigration crisis and save lives  we need .
is anyone as angry as i am listening to democrats resist  delay  amp  obstruct fixing the invasion of our country by il .
 marklevinshow at what point did the  msm including  foxnews  start leaving out the word illegal when talking about .
 realdonaldtrump the next time a clinton democrat  bush republican or socialist progressive says we need .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump how would you know brian  your company can t even afford to buy a bus ticket for you .
where do americans go when the man they were counting on to stop illegal immigration isn t up to the task  .
 patti1120  cspanwj  cspan       all of your innovative young dems want to expand illegal immigr .
 amyewalter they re playing into his hands  by being the party of unrestricted illegal immigration  at least so lon .
.
just in  white house says it will revoke essential foreign aid to honduras  el salvador  and guatemala because the .
 themarkpantano  realdonaldtrump trump is a huge disappointment on illegal immigration   huge    mrbigtalk  corruptusgovt  usgovtcartel.
 immigrateavanti  weresist007  jonfavs you do realize that is not what i m referring to  no one wants anyone going .
 cis org  westxgal  dancrenshawtx  tedcruz  govabbott  chiproytx  conawaytx11  hurdonthehill  replouiegohmert .
honduras is literally working against our illegal immigration crisis by encouraging their own citizens to leave and .
 senblumenthal whats radical are policies like visa lottery  chain migration birthright citizenship sanctuary citi .
 kamalaharris why can t you leftists distinguish between legal and illegal immigration  your disingenuous rhetoric is pathetic .
 pmadridshow measles are only spreading because of people traveling to other countries  amp  parents who refuse to vacc .
 drew2467511599  realsaavedra  benshapiro i don t think i would since part of his policy against illegal immigratio .
 marksimoneny  realjameswoods  chuckwoolery thinking about going to mexico and requesting asylum  reason  want to g .
barr ends catch and release of illegal immigrants  reveals hypocrisy of nimby libs   smartnews.
 cis org  westxgal  dancrenshawtx  tedcruz  govabbott  chiproytx  conawaytx11  hurdonthehill  replouiegohmert .
 seanhannity  kathleen2u2 everyone is losing sight as to why  border safety  illegal entry of drugs and criminals  .
 boilersandy i think your comments indicate otherwise  while they are coming here illegally  saying they won t figh .
 realdonaldtrump illegal immigration and their babies are destroying the united states of america      dont use my .
 senblumenthal do ur friggin  job  amp  fix this long standing immigration mess  amp  border crisis   immediately reform th .
 dpremcon  d1p70  ian40022699  bringonboris  channel4news  speakerpelosi  teampelosi  conservatives a hard border w .
 repadamschiff you welcome illegal immigrants from south america but yemen refugees in the usa are only allowed a t .
 boilersandy as far as i know we came here legally  but the cost of illegal immigration wasn t your original point  .
 cher wow  finally you are starting to walk away from corporation control  what leftests don t understand that the .
 brianbiscieglia  ayoitzerika you must already be aware of the issues caused by illegal immigration  add to that dr .
 rhhhhh380 sad  then you have these dummies  grown ups  who conflate mass illegal immigration with legal immigratio .
 brianbiscieglia  ayoitzerika border barriers to stop illegal crossing by drug traffickers  i don t know how such a .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration      .
activist  illegal immigration hurts black men most  via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump if the democrats  dont return from their vacation  amp  change the immigration laws to help out count .
barr ends catch and release of illegal immigrants  reveals hypocrisy of nimby libs  smartnews  .
 ryanafournier funny how they all use the illegal immigration for their campaign but they dont want want them in .
 cvpayne im already having a hard time paying property tax because of our public school system needing more and mo .
the hilarious hypocrisy of someone who always tries to sound righteous about immigration  and brags that he runs a .
 surge switch  johncleese     but your hate rhetoric and fearmongering is totally different       trump never placed bl .
 realdonaldtrump democrats cannot unilaterally change immigration laws  for they only control one chamber of congre .
cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration   we need to send illegal .
 dineshdsouza  mmfa  ingrahamangle brilliant analysis as usual  dinesh         omar is the poster child against immigra .
 kawcnews  ingrahamangle stand up for your state  do not tollerate the abuse of power by the left to take in what y .
 danabashcnn  senronjohnson  cnn  economic refugee   oh they re only coming here for jobs   oh well then let s allo .
 roslynholcomb  lizhenderson02  blk dahlia2  notcapnamerica tie the opioid crisis to the entire failed  war on drug .
 realdonaldtrump  lisamei62 thank you for continuing to push for solutions to stop illegal immigration and protect all americans .
 cher ok i totally get ur stance here cher  i do but unfortunately its misguided  i wud totally b on board if stop .
 realdonaldtrump republicans are a religious movement towards islam or muslim people  they are attacking a civilian .
 saracarterdc thousands are being released into america everyday while us americans pay million if not billions yea .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration   sean hannity .
 richardipshort it is illegal to have them in office   according to the immigration and nationality act of 1952 and it s still in effect .
 renfibax  honeygirl1978  juliethegreat31  husbbg  akki j2 there is immigration status called illegal alien or lega .
 nitecrawler1867 i cant speak for everyone but i know as far as im concerned   i have valid points when it comes .
 realdonaldtrump trump  you have been lying to your supporters regarding immigration to keep them hyped up  but do .
 nbcnews this shows the no effort by past presidents to check illegal and fraudulent immigration  yes george w    i .
 dcstewart8  larryelder nice try cupcake  if immigration is on the fed  gov t  then we would have a strong southern .
 nycmayor first lets distinguish between legal immigration and illegal immigration  yes  we need legal immigration .
 therrienv  chassie0094  tokenwhitedude  walshfreedom  speakerpelosi obama   ilhan   cortez   brennan   rashida      open borde .
are there any limits to illegal immigration  .
 familyunequal but if you were to cut legal migration in half and cut illegal immigration  i m thinking we d have a problem .
 nitecrawler1867 there are so many things that you ignore or fail to understand about immigration illegal immigrati .
 lastlauraleft  donaldjtrumpjr why would they deport a us citizen  he is a legal immigrant  i know its confusing be .
 tlfordsc  johnkasich  potus  realdonaldtrump if obama s strategy didn t work why was illegal crossings at a 50 yea .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration .
hey nancy here is a way to solve immigration    no one in their right mind wants to travel to sh thole san francisco .
i hope we can put as much focuse on republican candidates that run for the legislature in 2020 as we do on pete but .
the  seanhannity show  state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration .
 repmattgaetz another wasted photo op when there are so many other issues in this country to address  for you it s .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration .
 whyayem4n  gosawx69  yahoonews  realdonaldtrump yeah  it s just like when cory booker accidentally said that trump .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration the city of yuma  ari .
 geoffreybruce9  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump  gop it s not actually important to him  it s a campaign issue for .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration .
state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigration .
its illegal immigration  illegal  a lot of us citizens go to far worse places for doing illegal things  .
 ronmaurer2  berniesanders i believe changes can be made to improve both  we cant ignore the fact that illegal imm .
candidate s respond    nothing to see here      .
 votemarsha not interested  mitch moves to slow  should have had illegal immigration solved last congress  i blame him and paul ryan .
 d fincher25  tomterrific2017  emmakinery  betoorourke yeah he blathered himself through allllllll the republican a .
 darthfreeze  bree000007  jrazzzzzzzz  donnabrazile  cher over exaggerated     the annual cost associated with ille .
 atomicdog4  jammiewf  dacullington  time  kamalaharris  sallyqyates you mean a place where people are persecuted b .
 susieskickinass  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler they re trying .
 renfibax  honeygirl1978  juliethegreat31  husbbg  akki j2 also the 1st world  privileged  country has huge number .
an uncontrolled immigration will destroy usa in no distant future   amp  sooner the democrats come to terms about this .
 chuckgrassley  jim jordan  senatemajldr  randpaul  senschumer  speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom democrats want sanctuary .
ag william barr says fedl law prevents doj s immigration judges from releasing illegal immigrants  this will reduce .
illegal immigration  18 billion a year in health care costs  and liberal dopes think the aca is going to fix things .
 realdonaldtrump sir president trump   thank you for what you haave done to help our country  great idea to move il .
 n rolo24  twitati  andrewyang yeah i liked his vision but any candidate  democrat or republican  that is not tough .
 senatorsinema  cbp build the wall  demand immigration laws that protect americans  not illegal aliens.
 jasonsbeddow  exodus58948241  independt man  rationalmale  honeybadgerbite  silent hill 1  beachmuscles .
i keep hearing that trump gop should offer dems deal for fixing immigration laws in exchange for dreamers  amp  temp pr .
i was approached by several concerned citizens about the way i have thusfar handled our immigration crisis  given m .
this is the real reason why the democrats refuse to combat illegal immigration  to ensure the presidency in 2020 fo .
 pushforward40 imagine if you will       evenly spaced along this border wall  spacious parallel walls  this rather l .
then she s a coward  a talent like her shpuldnt have 2 bow down 2 lowlife level elites  u can be somewhat socially .
 steveboyer5000 this  we been tryna tell yall  that s why no one is talking about illegal immigration from canada  .
true  some of the rat republicans were in on it also because they had control of the everything and did nothing abo .
 brithume speaking truth  liberals are so naive  they believe everything will be paid for with other peoples money .
icymi from sean hannity  state of emergency  arizona city declares crisis  says overwhelmed by illegal immigrat .
 nancyppelosi let me get this straight you defended omarwithout knowing what she said  and your response to this s .
 business why would the us government want to imprison its citizens who try to jump the college admissions queue bu .
 realdonaldtrump solving the immigration issue is not rocket science put a 100 judge at the border with deny stamps .
criminal illegal immigration falls 75 percent .
 jackposobiec wow   has he broken down immigration law that way   if he does  i bet he will find that any immigrant .
shortly i will be making a very serious announcement concerning illegal immigration and addressing the situation wi .
 robbystarbuck  sebgorka  cnn  ilhanmn the president is not bankrupt with ideas   it is the democrats who are ban .
 senatemajldr    get the illegal immigration under control or risk texas turning blue    rinosrfools    johncornyn .
 morningconsult  eyokley  54 percent of people who see a crisis of illegal immigration said they  definitely  plan .
 realdonaldtrump it seems logical to be that the solution to the current illegal immigration crisis could be solved .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch we know what the outcome was  lets move on  well i know the democrats will n .
 toddeherman  jayinslee  mayorjenny of course  if cops arent allowed to ask for immigration status there is no way .
 kfiam640  rockprincess818 u have nothing to fear if u haven t broken the law   amp  that has become the problem becaus .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump not stopping illegal immigration is inhumane and against american citizens why don t y .
 realsaavedra nancy pelosi shouldn t even be in office  she s not representing the people of america   she s more c .
 numbersusa  anncoulter holy shit   did awful  chriscuomo actually do an honest piece on illegal immigration .
 speakerpelosi what a hypocrite you are   want to save lives  change illegal immigration laws that are hurting amer .
 realdonaldtrump leave it to trump to reverse 20 years of progress  illegal immigration was dropping for 20 years u .
is the freedom of movement red line truly a sacred cow    when asked  many leave voters want control of borders and i .
its not about illegal immigration  foreign think tanks are trying to destroy our country using our rules  simple f .
why do democrats believe it s illegal for trump to send illegals and migrants to sanctuary cities that defy federal .
2  trump launched a facebook ad  yesterday that highlights his promise to close the border  next week  unless mexic .
 salas  10 you are so funny   you vilianize americans standing up for the law of the land  while supporting the abs .
 jeffportland  ft  realdonaldtrump we are concerned about illegal immigration  the wall however  is a waste of time .
clean out the interior   the mission should be that not one person should be in our country illegally   anything sh .
 berniesanders djt is not the usa   he may be a semi whack but that doesnt make voters whacky   he didnt run on a .
 realdonaldtrump    potus      to win the next election  please focus attention to       concentraton of illegal immigratio .
 janeite1900  scheib gary  mei70965831  cnn well the last part i agree totally the first part of your answer is non .
 cnn and suddenly  mass  illegal  immigration is a problem    but  trump did it       the absurdity never stops  .
what do ya say   bus illegal aliens to prominent neighborhoods in washington  d  c    san fransicko  nyc  la  holly .
as for illegal immigration  i have seen first hand that caravan people are separating into smaller groups and break .
 mahoneykim  nbcdays i agree  i an so tired of the politics in salem  at this point i wish jack had stayed dead  je .
 yumaaznews i suggest the mayor sue the democrats for refusing to do their constitutional duty and pass legislation .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
 realjack but deblasio loves open borders and illegal immigration .
 cher  lwhaynes sorry cher  the hypocrisy here is stunning  the rest of the country outside of california and ny vo .
 realdonaldtrump big sections of wall being repaired you numbnut   illegal immigration was at a 40yr low under obam .
 seanhannity i thought de blasio  was pro illegal immigration  he deserves everyone in the city and whats left ove .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer  gopleader  senatemajldr   do your jobs as r employees  amp  fix this long standing immigrat .
 kamalaharris illegal immigrants  immigration has always been welcomed  but not when people attempt to come into ou .
 ajventer  khornebeserker  berniesanders guess how much illegal immigration norway allows  0   if they find someone .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch watching the now another crisis in az   its applauding to me that crooked dem .
up there p0awhere does illegal immigration mostly occur  here s what the data tell us .
 senatordurbin hey dick why dont u do something about illegal immigration   become part of the solution     identi .
 ericboehlert  joncoopertweets lots of dems are worried about illegal immigration as well  lots  we need to be wary .
 weedbender2  amjustfree  lanurse1 farmers in washington need labor  instead of changing the visa laws to better ac .
 nlanard our system says  innocent until proven guilty  an immigrant seeking asylum is not guilty of being an ill .
about  illegal immigration     i think there are many reasons    but if you allow illegal immigration   i think that  t .
 madrabbit917  matthew12214439  charliekirk11 first thing  that paper offered zero evidence of actual illegal immig .
 sdonnan  damianpaletta nothing  realdonaldtrump has done or passed has ended what he hoped it would end  imports  .
 lazyrandy1  someonehastosay  armastrangelo eric swallow well condemns law abiding citizens then welcomes unchecked .
alright im trying to figure out the immigration hoopla        california says we are a sanctuary state  illegal immig .
 anncoulter deport any illegal immigrants during this  never reopen full immigration from non european countries.
boutta kill this illegal immigration speech  kids wont know what hit em   factsdontcareaboutyourfeelings.
the new  isis    illegal stowaway immigration stopper  lorry test results are in  .
 patrickmadrid   measles are only spreading because of people traveling to other countries  amp  parents who refuse to .
 seanhannity if  realdonaldtrump wants to  win  he needs to call for an  illegal immigrant leader  to step forward .
 janrobinjackson  travandboo  acnewsitics kamala is a great choice for this  shell be able to crack down on crime .
for too long  hispanic american citizens have been used as political pawns to support a system of illegal migration .
overwhelmed by illegal migrant drop offs  las cruces appeals for donations .
 realdonaldtrump if you want to  win  you need to call for an  illegal immigrant leader  to step forward and speak .
 realdonaldtrump the wall is long overdue  it works for china and other countries why not  the u s a  it wont stop .
can someone explain this conservative bs about the democrats wanting to flood the us with illegal immigrants  what .
angel mom calls newsoms idea to curb illegal immigration by investing in el salvador the wrong move  va  theijr.
 edasante77 dems would be wise to run on being tough on illegal immigration  but  with the exception of bernie  the .
 patann0438  bartlettm96  neweratthis  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump most of these things are just stupid   successful .
 skinnyfatz0  kamalaharris another illegal attempt to bypass our immigration laws.
 mtracey only way he wins 2020 is if fulfills his promises  illegal immigration hasn t been this bad in years  he s .
an overwhelming surge in illegal immigration is worsening the crisis at the border  via  whitehouse.
that will a circus with those two evildoers   thank you for everything you are doing for our country usa and illega .
 darealveggieman  pitt667768  kdka wrong   the legal process would be to seek refugee status in the country the cam .
 azneighboraz  cbparizona  cbp all dems need to have the entire cost of illegal immigration come out of their pocke .
 billdeblasio  realdonaldtrump ah we know that nobody has any issue with immigrants  its just the ones who waltz a .
 steveboyer5000 i have never heard a single republican say shit about taking care of our own  all donald trump says .
 senblumenthal i find it funny that a democrat is claiming that asylum seekers are corrupting our immigration sys .
 msnbc so what in 2014  hillaryclinton  senschumer  speakerpelosi  barackobama said illegal immigration was wrong a .
 fishergirlusmc it is so cute how you think republicans actually care about illegal immigration  like i said i live .
 breitbartnews     and obama put the usa out as bait for terrorists and illegal immigration  why dont you stick to .
 fairimmigration  dailycaller  thejasonhopkins dems must help stop this illegal immigration dems are against the american people .
 alanwessman  conncarroll abolishing immigration and customs enforcement and solving the illegal immigration issue .
 aclu we certainly need for congress to get busy changing immigration law  in the meantime i glad the aclu is on th .
 channel4news im not defending this by any means but if the media reported accurately about the problems caused by .
 monumentlib  cory80611229  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump provide a pic of the whole border or gtfo  either way oba .
 ewarren stop illegal immigration  invasion .
 whyyy hoe  ayoitzerika no  a wall is to prevent the literal hundreds of thousands  yes that s a dhs fact  of illeg .
illegals cost taxpayers  2017    115 894 597 664    dems get   fake votes  stolen program monies     illegals get   vot .
 kamalaharris democrats refusal to help solve the massive illegal immigration problem at our southern border is the stain on our country .
 thehill   trump lashed out at democrats urging lawmakers to return from their vacations and address a surge in ill .
 thedailybeast so what is the solution  everyone wants to attack this admin for trying to address he border illegal .
stop this madness  lindsey graham vows bill to fix immigration  the mad patriots  yes  c .
a war of shame  a war to create mass illegal immigration and blame it on the immigrants   they want the resources  .
 realdonaldtrump bernie told the town hall that they need to build tent cities to hold immigrants waiting immigrati .
 mohanadelshieky  donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete have you seen the democrats platform  1  tax the hell out of the americ .
 scottnygaard2  realdonaldtrump people who wrote that allowed almost only people from northern europe to come  they .
 sarahkendzior  myplateaulife say hi to all the illegal immigrants working the ag sector in se wa and then go talk .
 realdonaldtrump the inevitable catch and release process due to the broken immigration system releases thousands o .
in new effort to deter migrants  barr withholds bail to asylum seekers   this loophole must be closed  this illegal .
 anncoulter i say it s time to stop all illegal immigration and get back to the good old days of american on fellow american crime .
means group of some feminists  who have no respect for their own people but now to illegal immigration  canada join .
y all still sure the wall is about  stopping illegal immigration  and not just being racist  .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
 jackposobiec  jamesokeefeiii  project veritas if you want to turn elections upside down exposing truth come set up .
 ryanafournier yeah  let other communities shoulder the massive burden of illegal immigration while sanctuary citie .
 norahodonnell your comment on solving problems relative to forest fires also applies to illegal immigration  both .
 cspanwj  americanthinker  cspanwj  qanon  mockingbirdmedia  patriotsfight  wearethenewsnow        as president trump t .
 amyewalter ds problem on this issue are broader than they think    .
lots of great words  can we get the same passion for the american people being effected by illegal immigration from .
 kylekuzma once again  the feds have given more than enough money to fix that problem   taking shots at the white h .
 speakerpelosi  its an illegal immigration crisis  not your manufactured climate crisis  that is causing your .
 cher  americannonna  aremond2 kids in cages built by obama  thanks to  realdonaldtrump vets are getting better tre .
 realdonaldtrump democrats don t care about illegal immigration nor legal american citizens  they re to busy campai .
 washingtonpost i am sure that the only logical reason for american a specially d to support illegal immigration is .
 dcexaminer  senrickscott by not helping trump on a fix of illegal immigration   dems hurt their chances in 2020  .
another day  another illegal who kills an america  a woman who would be alive today if we had border walls and bett .
 saracarterdc  cityofyuma its about time these states who are used as locations to drop off thousands of illegal i .
these jackasses could care less about the real issues facing this nation  eg  illegal immigration   .
 marinelepen wants to get rid of the  europeancommission  amp  transform  frontex from a  migrant hosting agency  to ov .
 realdonaldtrump if you dont fix illegal immigration  and if you continue importing foreigners to take american job .
excellent idea          exercising military drills and preventing all sorts of crimes  drugs  human trafficking  il .
shock  cher comes out against illegal immigration and sanctuary cities   big league politics    .
 vasanna11 also weird is not one peep from her and fellow dems when obama did the exact same shit  why wont they j .
illegal immigration and rampant drug abuse and opioid addiction are problems the democrats hope will never be resol .
 saracarterdc  cityofyuma  azcentral  kinoborder these 2 orgs not only deny any crisis at border  but they encoura .
 ponews more like hes going 2 release them where they are welcomed where democrats dont want to vote to fix illeg .
 uwhyknot  usminority  cher we need the immigrants but we cannot handle all of the illegal immigration going on in .
libs yesterday  how dare you release illegal immigrants       libs today  how dare you you not release illegal immigran .
 kamalaharris all because of dems sitting on their hands  u forgot to include   illegal  in front of immigrants  de .
 dloesch two pro illegal immigration men beat up a legal immigrant for loving america and following the law  i swea .
three questions to ask liberals   as president trump threatens to transport illegal aliens t .
three questions to ask liberals   as president trump threatens to transport illegal aliens t .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
three questions to ask liberals   as president trump threatens to transport illegal aliens t .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
illegal voters     .
 cher im not for trump wall but im tired of left pretending illegal immigration isnt bad  give the orange man his .
 kdka he forgot a key word legal immigrants who followed the law  accepting illegal immigration is using those peop .
 epic  now  democrat activist cher agrees with trump on illegal immigration        .
  senrickscott  who has been in congress barely 90 days  says he can already tell why democrats are fighting potu .
jan brewer  when i was governor  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and in .
 scollishaw  cncsparkie  chrisjc12002 however thats not the type of immigration most leave voters voted to control .
 ericswalwell someone should do you a favor and buy you a clue  you dont know what a weapon of war is    have yo .
if you dont want illegal immigrants in your city kindly urge your representatives democrats in the congress do the .
 mitchellvii edtablish a buffer zone between mexico and the usa  the buffer zone would not be considered usa soil .
 border crime s in progress is not immigration  see yt video border patrol arrests illegal   immigrants   in storm .
q amp a of the day  about social security fraud  amp  illegal immigration   .
 wcbuecker  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump actually if you do your research a lot of pictures used were from protest as .
democrat activist cher agrees with trump on illegal immigration   tcot   news  tlot  ocra  gop  teaparty  us  wfp.
  what point do u stop  amp  realize the dems r destroying this country  illegal immigration selling uranium to russia  .
serious question   why don t you have a problem with illegal immigration and why did you all  just start caring aft .
 dawnellemurray1 she didnt marry him in the us right   the issue is why she married him   marrying someone to circ .
 mcnastyy08 so youre probably against illegal immigration because thats the sane logic  all this panic under trum .
 cher thank you  cher for recognizing what concerns so many of us regarding the flood of illegal immigrants   presi .
 ericswalwell how have those gun laws  strictest in the country  in chicago worked out  how about passing stronger .
 tigerpaw743  brianstelter we have an immigration problem  the illegal immigrants coming across the border via over .
 jrazzzzzzzz  donnabrazile  cher no they arent  illegals do not serve in our military  huge difference in immigra .
republican platform   stop illegal immigration   fix trade imbalances   reunite the koreas   reduce the deficit   keep the ec .
   two simple policy changes and pw co illegals scattered    obama sent  fairfaxcounty over 1500 .
democrats have no intention of working on the illegal immigration problem  what progress have they made  any .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump just like when chuckie schumer spoke on video that stopping illegal immigration was an .
 sallan3  spchisntfree of course there are plans  big portions are already being built  it will cost much less than .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile so strange   you have made healthcare more expensive and reduced .
hire  kriskobach1787   give him full power of homeland security  allow ag barr to enforce stronger immigration laws .
crazy trump haters wld rather have our country destroyed by massive illegal immigration than give him a  win w bo .
another american life lost due to ridiculous immigration laws   speakerpelosi do your job        illegal wanted after a .
 realdonaldtrump the greatest enemy to safe and secure american borders and illegal immigration is the liberal demo .
 realdonaldtrump democrats want illegal immigration votes   the immigration law must be changed   must stop welfare immigrant .
companies warn  realdonaldtrump    census citizenship question could be costly    dumb donnie .
i love this plan   liberals love illegal immigration until they have to pay for it  classic hypocrisy .
 marklevinshow the news article explains everything wrong with both the democrat party and illegal immigration  the .
 nycmayor  agreenqueennyc wilhelm       its not the immigrants that we are against   its the illegal immigration that d .
 esotericcd  baseballcrank wisconsin isn t in the neighborhood of amazing  maybe it was  now though  its being rava .
 ktvz so   hes going to try to find anything damaging in a report that states no collusion  how about if he and hi .
 scottnygaard2  realdonaldtrump typically socialist  democrat response    taking words and meanings out of context  .
we  2a supporters keep a family of guns in our homes   if you support illegal immigration  you should house a famil .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump the phoney liberals want to have a free for all at our border   so take them to your to .
de blasio threatens to sue if trump sends immigrants to sanctuary city nyc       trump brilliantly reveals truth  .
 jlongazel  foxbusiness  louforsenate  reploubarletta everyone is impacted by illegal immigration  hence everyone i .
 markacollett  these   and btw  they are not anti immigration  they want to prosecute illegal immigration.
 smuggler s inn owner accused of aiding in illegal border crossings   thelegalhour  immigration.
 realdonaldtrump barrier is first step in controlling southern border  reducing flows of illegal foot and vehicle t .
simple solution for illegal immigration for years in the military no exceptions men and women after that they give .
 e ben eta making a schematic illegal immigration video shouldn t be criminal  passing it off as real should       nb i .
 ingrahamangle the crisis is the ongoing far right media lopsided coverage of  trump   no one has truly been able t .
 realdonaldtrump i agree  send the illegal immigrants to the sanctuary cities states    the citizenry of those cities .
 sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline imagine going through the legal process and after 5 long years and hard work  .
also legal immigration with millions  india visas    illegal  legal all same to me    trump failing in immigration .
 realdonaldtrump youre a failure  your immigration policies have failed  weve never had a increase in illegal imm .
illegal aliens are saying we don t give a damn about your immigration laws  you will house us  feed us  give us med .
i dont understand why opposition parties or pseudo intellectuals of bollywood dont understand the word infiltrato .
what the hell     potus  realdonaldtrump  stephenmilleral   feeding illegal frenzy    trump sign exec order enforcing   e v .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration  lets see how long it l .
 luiet immigration and illegal immigration are completely separate  also  during the time of native americans  ther .
 sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline libtards conflate legal immigration with illegal immigration.
 realdonaldtrump oh  you want to change immigration laws now that weve found out you hire illegal aliens .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration well she should be along .
worth repeating again  illegal aliens are saying we don t give damn about your immigration laws  you will house us  .
cher s awakening is no more than a defense of the nimby policy of better in your back yard than mine  cher s back y .
 realdonaldtrump illegal immigration is really about jobs  if their home country had sufficient employment to preve .
 nytimes we only want to stop illegal immigration.
 realdonaldtrump they dont want to stop illegal immigration  they dont want immigrants in their cities either  de .
 we want mass illegal immigration  just don t let them come to our  sanctuary cities  we designated for illegal mig .
five days after his inauguration  president donald trump signed executive order 13768 entitled  enhancing public sa .
 johncardillo  bernardkerik usa is on destructive path with us mex border  legal illegal immigration  while trump i .
 cezhere  realdonaldtrump  jeffsessions  wikileaks i forgot having laid down all this info about terwillinger  us a .
 davidjharrisjr are we shocked by this   this is the same woman that said  mowing the tall grass  would deter illegal immigration   .
   correction  those who support legalizing illegal immigration   big difference  those of us who dedicate our mone .
 aoc we are well aware of what you are fighting for  anyone who supports omar and talib do not support conservative .
terwilliger lamented that a  staggering  amount of resources are being diverted to fighting illegal immigration at .
gov  gavin newsom of  california seems to want the illegals let into his sanctuary state  why would this be illegal .
 edanders3  markskrikorian  realdonaldtrump i voted for trump yet i want to scream about his poor decisions not bui .
 themarkpantano  realdonaldtrump the fact is  politicians aren t going to solve this w out definitive grass roots c .
restore american glory  cher has a sudden awakening on the subject of illegal immigration .
watch this video and then tell me with a straight face that we don t have a crisis at the border  people rushing th .
 bobbilinn  2hawkeye2020  i womb unlike all the dems  that make sure the laws against illegal immigration are respe .
how many caravans were funded  amp  publicized by msm during bo presidency  bo openly spoke against illegal immigration .
 rwpusa cash  prisons  trump and his cronies are making boatloads of cash off of illegal immigration  check the con .
i guess if you call someone racist enough times  the idiots begin to believe it  exactly what s happening with potu .
here we have an elected official who doesn t understand immigration laws or terms  seeking asylum is legal  none of .
we are not taking care of our people w drug addictions  homeless  mental illnesses  prison is not the answer and il .
 cvpayne all that   we are spending on border issues  amp  illegal immigration should be spent on our people  infrastru .
this proves california is a communist run state  they want legal illegal immigration only if they migrate to gop st .
the purpose was never to be a sanctuary   it was to be a magnet   to act as a force to pull illegal immigration to .
 cnn  jeancasarezcnn going to prison for trying to jump the college admissions queue is crazy when we release tens .
 themarkpantano  realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump has no intention of stopping illegal immigration   if he did  he .
 sekusa1  rbigzs and with their lack of attention to illegal immigration more cities will look just like this .
put them on a slow boat to china where they will be arrested for illegal immigration  .
 vicenews how about inviting more illegal immigration  that should help solve the problem   .
 cassandrarules  realdonaldtrump illegal immigration is a greater drain to our economy than anything else and is a .
guys  please report  bemyvoice dk to  pledis17 staff  she s crossing the line by taking photos in immigration area .
more illegal immigration is not good for the us  what is good for the   us is for certain select countries to becom .
cory booker agreed with president trump claiming releasing large numbers of illegal aliens into cities would make .
 ilhanmn but you married your brother and scammed the immigration system  that s illegal.
 cnn its a crisis and a national emergency  we have to address the problem of immigration  asylum  and illegal immigration asap .
 open boarders  are not a solution for illegal immigrants     watch this honest video that speaks to the real probl .
i m catholic  i want most things that the gop wants   lower taxes  smaller government  less illegal immigration  te .
 ilhanmn  repadamschiff  jimmyvanbramer more illegal immigration is not  good for the us  what is good for the  us .
 esteezey  lilibanks 12  quentiinsxm  kaitmarieox  berniesanders do you understand that youre actually repeating a .
 potus more illegal immigration is not good for the us  what is good for  the  us is for certain select countries t .
because congress can t pass a bill that closes all the loopholes in our broken immigration system  there are thousa .
because congress can t pass a bill that closes all the loopholes in our broken immigration system  there are thousa .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump he is our president and not you  solve the immigration loopholes by reducing processin .
 araslanian  are you in a mexican cartel  the wall isn t about mexicans  its about crime  illegal immigration  and equality .
 araslanian  the wall isn t about mexicans  it s about crime  illegal immigration  and human rights .
 petecordell  thestephenralph  emmakennedy  channel4news this is a very good point  what on earth has this to do wi .
 jameskigozi  sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline come on over  wed love to have you  you understand the differen .
 donaldjtrumpjr  cher oo such big talk from little donnie pissy pants  to bad this didnt happen when youre great .
 senblumenthal if you have a problem w the immigration system get to work on immigration reform  stop blaming the w .
one of the dumbest things ever said by a human     its illegal  it is just plain illegal  we will meet him in cour .
 ingrahamangle why hasn t trump ordered the secretary of the army to secure the border  as colonel douglas macgrego .
told u it will happen .
 myapapaya3  aaandrewwww  walshfreedom they refuse to act on border crisis that is identified as a crisis by curren .
 dailycaller y not  y should the communities that have been lied to for 20 years by  thedemocrats who promised to f .
house judiciary committee democrats have called acting dhs secretary mcaleenan to testify about being offered a par .
 tutticontenti  timothyjkolb americans being evicted from affordable housing  giving to illegal aliens  .
 realdonaldtrump president trump   u better put an immediate stop to the illegal invasion of this country or crazy .
and this why no to auto voter registration  and yes to voter id  you cant be upset about russian collusion and acce .
 potus    realjameswoods    realmattcouch    govmikehuckabee    senategop   gop senators who side w dems on illegals immigrat .
the untold dangers of illegal immigration this area on the texas border known as death valley hundreds die trying t .
 politico it s not illegal to block these invaders  since the president has plenary powers when it comes to immigration .
 anncoulter the administration is addressing illegal immigration like the pharmaceutical companies do a disease  ef .
 srpainter  mjgranger1  realdonaldtrump  60minutes since you asked   the education system    deep state globalism   .
warren  did you forget to add the word  legal  again  or will you continue to conflate the issue  legal immigration .
so  apparently in  france  burning churches is a thing now     smh        so how s that u n  orchestrated illegal imm .
 cher c mon  you were doing so well with that last tweet about being rational in regards to illegal immigration and .
 sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline obviously you arent really listening to trumps words  or you are a part of .
got a question for the  maga crowd   your main argument about immigration  and illegal immigrants is that they beco .
 skynews  adamboultonsky dude made some good points about solar panels  more green spaces  amp  hydroponic farms or som .
 kamalaharris if you wanted more beds for illegal immigrants why did the funding get denied    .
 sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline sarah smith can we exchange citizenship  i in a shithole country has heard tr .
 lionelmedia  larrycampos1950 i can hazard a guess      strange how the illegal immigration numbers always seems to m .
 crimestrump  abc by devisive policies  you mean the exact policies  amp  border wall that obama  pelosi  hillary  schu .
 stripedbanana3  americanregina  cnn we do not want illegal immigration .
 thestephenralph  emmakennedy  channel4news and what has  illegal  immigration got to do with uk being in the eu an .
dont the dems ever work to solve our issues here in america  shootings in chicago  drug addiction  homeless  child .
 graphicgirl77  otisdriftwood33  govmlg its not illegal if the migrant goes through a legal port of entry  most pe .
 cortina  leaveeuofficial  yvettecoopermp most if not all of msm faked film reports of the migrants landing on beac .
and yet the taxpayer has to pay sajid javid s legal bills for all the stupid and illegal things the home office doe .
 abc11 wtvd legal immigration good illegal immigration bad .
this is what the dems are doing vs solving problems for america  ie  illegal immigration     .
illegal immigration costs u s  taxpayers a stunning  134 9 billion a year  via  judicialwatch.
 marklutchman listen mark  it is still ok to declare the truth here in america  it is absolutely illegal to support .
 cher we the people speak of the burden which is placed on us financially when it comes to illegal immigration   wh .
 hanlonmike  albertagrl canadian yellow vesters are people who want their jobs back  amp  pipelines built  and who are .
 kate18660449  whosfibbing victorians remind me of californians  have a look at what has happened to that us state  .
 jonathanflora3 no  i live in pleasanton catherinebaker gop rep in dist 15 won on election night but due to ballot .
 marjagoe  charliekirk11  bhava jim no one is anti latino  they re anti illegal immigration .
in 2017  the total cost of illegal immigration for the united states  at the federal  state  and local levels  wa .
in 2017  the total cost of illegal immigration for the united states  at the federal  state  and local levels  wa .
 ewarren illegal immigration .
thank you ag barr  another step closer to turning off the illegal immigration spickit   attorney general barr blo .
 payal rohatgi  amitshah  pmoindia  rssorg bangladeshi illegal immigration is one of serious problem were encounte .
illegal alien charged with raping 7 year old girl in virginia  ice agent responded to the culpeper jail to place a .
 gcole63  cher  michaelwild2198  crcc1776 spite  how is it spiteful to give sanctuary cities all the illegals they .
you see the video of gavin newsome  california  declaring that trump s proposal to send all illegal aliens to sanct .
trump and music legend  cher in twitter spat over us immigration  president happy to send illegal immigrants to san .
new crackdown proposals to affect legal and illegal immigration  clinicdaily .
from warm countries are coming illegal immigrants to cold north and they are raping our little girls        the rig .
 paulkrugman  charliekirk11 corrupt coward pothead afraid to spk the truth abt illegal immigration security risks t .
 royparret  politico you do realize illegal immigration has been steadily moving downward  right   any recent uptic .
 kellyannepolls 3 our history  worry about the surge in illegal immigration  which plummeted under obama   worry ab .
if he s saying outside forces caused the fire at notre dame and similar groups continue to limit president trump s .
 realsaavedra yes  so we can support more illegals for amnesty .
 laliganguli cc  pmoindia  narendramodi  nsitharaman  hmoindia yes nrc need to be implemented pan india  we need to .
 daaronovitch  campbellclaret i remember the photos of masses of immigrants  at the french ports  all over the tabl .
 massimousai morning massimo  according to some reports over 1m illegal migrants here  bringing down mass migration .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says  .
 is currently being questioned  their names will not be divided blessed are u  lord our god  king of the hill nai .
trump announces illegal immigrants will be bussed to sanctuary cities  via  mailonline.
 markhwalker  realdonaldtrump still doesn t make sense  no one  not even president trump is calling for an end of l .
 kittfornow  ggreenwald 1 greenwald wrote in 2005  illegal immigration wreaks havoc economically  socially  and cu .
 d1p70  skynews  speakerpelosi she s on the take  no doubt about it  probably from mexico s drug cartel the way she .
 kittfornow  ggreenwald 2 greenwald wrote in 2005  the facts  to him  were indisputable  illegal immigration wreak .
 leaveeuofficial breaking the law  using stolen data and faking videos to demonise migrants  presenting illegal imm .
 justin12680  cher  americannonna  aremond2 wouldnt it be great if dems would admit we have a illegal immigration .
latest news  cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says .
 repadamschiff faced with unsustainable homelessness  amp  illegal immigration issues  rampant crime  gangs   amp drugs in .
 fightallracism  nca uk watched the c4 report  never seen the original video         what exactly is all this fuss bein .
 jojoemal sorry you have no response other than a libshit response and you should question your knowledge on anythi .
 govbrewer  realdonaldtrump just wondering if you have the stats on how much the state benefited in taxes  goods an .
yes  i am so glad trump is president  i have been waiting for the rest of the 86 amnesty bill to be finished  i had .
 realcandaceo usa is made up of legal immigrants from all over the world who got there citizenship  amp  swore allegenc .
 carpedonktum should unite  the left is fimally backing away slightly from identity politics and illegal immigratio .
 stephaniecarvin by  non white migration   i assume you re referring to people who are against illegal immigration .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   fox news .
 uk uin  otto english quite  i had this argument with a leaver who had voted to stop illegal immigration  he could .
4 from his tax reform  to his inhumane and possibly illegal immigration policies  his harmful deregulation of envir .
i wonder if mainstream media will report yuma s city emergency  lets get the word out and spread the news  illegal .
 chewzblues  lovesstangs2  nevil mario  steph93065  senfeinstein 2 2 what do you think they do  sell drugs  steal  .
 rickohioimback  dinmark2    assylum law  error means an assertion or belief that does not co .
hey democrats   where is the love     .
any country let theresa may and family of illegal government prime minister through immigration again    m going to .
 judgejeanine  j p    i m the one who opened her mind to the resulting effect of globalist labor racketeering  this .
turns out working class hispanic americans already here don t want their wages undercut by illegal immigration eith .
 chewzblues  lovesstangs2  nevil mario  steph93065  senfeinstein illegal immigration destroys cities  i live 50 mil .
 thegoodgodabove please take all of them  then as sanctuary cities subverting the fed law on illegal immigration th .
chers right  illegal immigrations a devastating problem  katie pavlichsays  .
 clairlemon  quillette i think the original chart missed positions on a few issues that might ve shown more nuance  .
 cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says  via fox news  timbeta  betaajudabeta  timbetalab.
the new york times illegal immigration  immigration and emigration yuma declares emergency in bid for help handling .
 govbrewer  elisahe50385624  realdonaldtrump you have a democrat party that wants to destroy america  amp  its constit .
 janbrewer   when i was governor  illegal aliens cost az taxpayers  1 6 billion yr in education  health care and in .
nbcnews reports calling for an illegal action would be  exactly contrary to the key presidential duty and to his oa .
martians confiscate the rover for illegal immigration violations  .
rt seanhannity  i finally agree with cher  did president trumps proposal to place illegal immigrants in sanctuar .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   fox news contributor katie pavlich .
 cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says  via fox news .
hosted by mfrazz  cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says .
 adamruins i m sorry  but i live in alabama and your  immigration  show is off  we have tons of illegal immigrants  .
 patriotnotrump  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump do you even know what fascism is  trump wanting to control illegal imm .
 ilhanmn  ilhanmn no matter your personnel opinion guns are staying  it says so in the dam bill of rights  how abou .
 richdb214 destruction is what the left wants  incrementalism is only one method of establishing socialism  the oth .
 utpol  immigration  disease   one of the many horrific consequences of illegal immigration .
 edkrassen stop embarrassing yourself you tool  first you say we should learn from europe now you criticize  than y .
 andrew50591996  cher and when neocons republicans are done with  illegal immigrants  their next target is legal im .
 foxnews .
 nycmayor than why did you say it was  illegal  for the illegal immigrants to be released in your city  i thought y .
 socaledgygal  alpipkin yes   irish gal              comprehensive  fundamental          existential progressive .
 gracielovesusa  wagonknoggin  drwhoisin  marilynlavala  amjustfree  horseshort  pilleddem  joritak  knower1966 .
i want to see a prime minister who is tough on illegal immigration and doesnt support it just for votes      .
ok the notre damn burning is a sad story  but its a building ffs  whilst their nation is suffering with terrorism  .
 beckhaco8  brwneyedsmurf81 what makes me angry is the cost of illegal immigration  134 9 billion dollars  with thi .
 language arts  nytimes it s happening in usa and in all europe       the illegal immigration detention centers are ful .
 gopbangs  tribecalleddos  mmfa .
 channel4news two people were arrested in kent after their boat overturned which was full of illegal immigrants  we .
 dominicraab uk found to be hottest eu illegal immigration destination thanks to  brexit lies   turns out when a .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push .
 cher  lwhaynes 2 3 set a date  give 5 years to process illegal to legal status based upon the following qualificat .
 barkmartin  bobbrinson1  cher imagine what could be done to help with funds spent on illegal immigration  you be t .
 channel4news pc bullshit the start of a smear campaign against those campaigning for brexit  next you will be sayi .
 jmsgirl  kidynrse  common  gavinnewsom and yet la county spends  1 7 billion a year on illegal immigration welfare .
is anybody else tired of the left telling us that we need to give more of our money for free healthcare  free colle .
a policy of ongoing  detention of  refugee claimants is illegal   period  read art31 of the refugee convention    .
 judgejeanine  syrah shiraz judge  how about being less negative like   it might have taken some time but it s grea .
 realdonaldtrump  mandatory everify       you campaigned on it and i voted for you because you talked tough on illega .
i would say doing nothing about illegal immigration and not upholding our current immigration laws is a constitutio .
illegal employee fired after 13 years of employment  is there anything that could happen to get his job back  .
intentions were clearly to mislead and stir up certain emotions  but i find it even sadder how this is used a propa .
martians confiscate the rover for illegal immigration violations  .
 mariafurth  keishabottoms this is interesting  washington gov  jay inslee declared the entire state a sanctuary fo .
 indi0brav0  judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  tomfitton if illegal immigration didnt drive down unskilled wages  peo .
 adjunctprofessr  potus between illegal immigration  amp  chain migration  up to 20 ppl  by those who have legally arri .
 trinitykelia statistics show that illegal immigration has decreased over the years  even prior to trump  so i digress.
 cpac tv the turd should talk about the illegal immigration crisis that ford and company keep bringing up with the .
 ericswalwell so you your moms amp indoctrinated students will be fighting to stop illegal immigration amp close our border .
ca  why do we continue to waste billions of taxpayers  s  on illegal immigrants  fix the problem  reform our immig .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   fox news finally  the realization .
 did close border    to tomatos   trump  quota  equal to 50  on our biggest tomato grower   thousand of jobs lost o .
she s a major lying pos lieberal that doesn t deserve to spend a day in the usa       she s an illegal immigration .
 resistance  zebop fyi   trump put  quota  equal to 50  on our biggest tomato grower   thousand of jobs are lost to .
 aviksg24  jangirnarottam  konan abhi  askanshul exactly my state has contributed nothing to india  because my stat .
 nlanard it s worth mentioning  again  that this is a completely artificial crisis intentionally designed to induce .
 ktlamorningnews every country has a immigration department to control the illegal immigrants that goes into any co .
are there any limits to illegal immigration  .
 kamalaharris so many dem hypocrites and so many illegal aliens    what a wicked combination  you do realize obama .
here is more than enough proof that the illegal immigration all over the world has been illegally concocted by the .
 democracynow  bayoumimoustafa why are we putting all this focus on one congress women  let s move on and fix this .
 patcarlson50  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi king  no  he i the president of the usa  if you would actually listen .
 libtardssuck  ima hoosier  realdonaldtrump and when they talk about open borders  it boils down to       1  they re wi .
angel mom calls newsoms idea to curb illegal immigration by investing in el salvador the wrong move .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   fox news .
 davidlammy so it totally untrue that there is illegal immigration across the channel huh .
 realjacobperry not for president  has bad policies  esp on illegal immigration .
i took on writing a research paper about illegal immigration because i thought it would be easy  holy shit was i wrong lol.
 fairimmigration  joecitizen58  one of the keys to ending illegal immigration is to cut off the jobs magnet        cut .
 proudresister  usnavymompa  realdonaldtrump  gop im an  i   amp  truly cant figure out who the dems are  thus far th .
2 2 keeping taxes low   restoring our social security    supporting our president   hammering down on illegal immigration .
i am completely against illegal immigration  however  i am also against federal agents over reaching their authorit .
 ilhanmn you are inane    you dont have your facts straight    obama built the cages  all of that construction was b .
 gop  realdonaldtrump bring it  gop is just as responsible for our immigration policies and laws  this administrati .
what are your views on immigration to the u s   its too late for me to try to give an in depth answer but immigra .
unions  specially building contractor unions should fear illegal immigration that would effect their jobs when ille .
 kamalaharris i dont think you understand the gravity of this immigration situation you and your colleagues are cr .
 cis org  juliegolvach  jessicav cis then stop voting for democrats that have been forcing this kind of situation i .
immigration will increase  legal and illegal  this put upward pressure on rents  putting pressure on housing price .
and  realdonaldtrump  gop  amp  the democrats     everyone affiliated with the government  want to blame it on somethin .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says      .
 freakdujour  realdonaldtrump like stopping illegal immigration  liked lowering taxes  like creating more jobs than .
 senyorreporter  phoenixnewtimes  azgop until something better than open borders  illegal immigration  obstructioni .
 realdonaldtrump yeah  unfortunately  they will also be running against a president who has let illegal immigration .
shock  cher comes out against illegal immigration and sanctuary cities   big league politics    .
 kamalaharris we deserve better than a presidential candidate who supports illegal immigration and does not support .
serving up lies about her fake college education  her illegal immigration  plus chain migration sure  .
trump directs state dept  to end aid to 3 central american countries   the new york times     about time .
 politico conversly  the democrats are in denial about illegal immigration .
 news cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says  breakingnews  foxnews .
 chewstruth  hinterlandg  potus i believe in free speech and am against illegal immigration  so yes i do support hi .
my question is why don t we enforce legal immigration and enforce our border laws   and protect our citizens from the .
im usually very neutral when it comes to this shit but have this same energy while yall supporting illegal immigrat .
 carminezozzora take a look at this data  especially the   of foreign born citizens who voted for clinton vs  trump .
making a big deal about stuff like this is all the democrats have at this point  they ve lost on russian collusion  .
nearly 60k known or suspected illegal immigrants in federal prisons  doj says  and a drain on the money americans n .
 realjameswoods thats why illegal immigration is a terrible idea .
 rashidatlaib it wouldnt be happening if democrats were willing to change the broken immigration laws   democrats o .
 ryanafournier hey he designated new york city as a sanctuary city  so the truth is  that only the federal gov t is .
 cher your so right illegal immigration is a serious problem we agree maga.
 kamalaharris don t worry there dear pot smoking time traveller  they will all be shipped to your sanctuary city an .
than establishment republicans supporting illegal immigration for cheap labor or at least as bad  obamas folks als .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews mr president democrats are holding 900 sanctuary cities in usa full with illegal immigran .
audrey you seem like a good hearted person  sadly i shake my head when i read your tweets  democrats and the msm ha .
immigration is the most important issue for 2020 and america s future  good decision by ag barr to stop catch  amp  rel .
 chris 1791  foxnews check the gwinnett county jail register in georgia  literally 30 to 40  of the names there are .
oh and from now on any elected official in favor of illegal immigration should be held responsible for all crimes c .
 corybooker  so let me get this straight  you refuse to stop illegal immigration but letting illegals cross the bor .
 aclu  williamlegate citizens get due process  illegal aliens get immigration court  different rules   .
 ronwyden so don t just whine about it  do something  you are the senator  after all  while you re at it  fix illeg .
for those who argue against  potus for his stance on immigration    might we suggest that you extend  your invitati .
 william42435549  bogeymitchell16  davidlehmann09  speakheartedly  lincolnbevers  charliekirk11  berniesanders .
 incognit hoe  cher spending money on a wall because we cant control the flood of illegal immigration which is cos .
 whitehouse waste billions on a wall that wont curb illegal immigration  drug trade  waste millions more in mainte .
 dailycaller the real question is if illegal drug dealers make illegal immigration a tool for illegal drug traffic .
 mitchellvii  breitbartnews know what would really solve the prob  if de blasio   amp  dems got on board with ending il .
i thought there was no problem at the border with illegal immigration    huh                                   yuma .
 repjayapal let stop family separations     by stopping illegal immigration    .
 kylekulinski  realdonaldtrump maybe if we saved 130 billion a year on illegal immigration  had big companies pay f .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says .
 repadamschiff illegal immigration at the us border is a human catastrophe  and we will continue to do all we can i .
liberal immigration argument      illegal immigrants commit crimes at lower rate than natives      1  all illegal immigrant .
 jonthecaptive  jogonx he only wants for america to have strong borders  which is common sense  hes against illega .
 nbcnews  it s illegal for him to execute our immigration laws and it is illegal for him to not execute our immigra .
 discoursedancer  retributions  berniesanders wah   the caste card  when u talk about illegal immigration   sign of .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump illegal immigration is inhumane .
calling for an illegal action would be  exactly contrary to the key presidential duty and to his oath  which is to .
president trump may have just solved the immigration debate with a tweet  glenn beck responds to trump s tweet  on .
 camanpour  amanpourcopbs  speakerpelosi  cnni  cnn  pbs interesting interview tonight  however you both perpetuate .
according to a report from an organization that focuses on the problems with immigration  both legal and illegal  m .
 kamalaharris no  it s proof of our inept congress who cannot figure out how to straighten out our immigration   le .
 chiquibon2  davidsouther8 first of i m a trump supporter  and will be voting for him again  but calling refugees t .
 valeriebaxter76  chadblarsen  cher  aoc that  she worked i mean  worked    i think she actually regrets her statem .
 camanpour  amanpourcopbs  speakerpelosi  cnni  cnn  pbs so u played softball wish nancy pelosi with your clearly s .
 jkbjournalist  nyc epstein pal.
 retributions never made sense to me why anyone except white people should clamour for closed borders  au contraire .
 calideplorable  speakerpelosi  senschumer i didnt vote for trumpso he can turn around  amp  do this  hes been sayi .
nm state rep rubio basically pirated a  photo to create her graphics in support of illegal immigration   nicejob .
 jordansekulow obama wrote e o   amp  changed detain and deport to detain  amp  release without congressional approval  ill .
illegal immigration  immigration and emigration  yuma  ariz   customs and border protection  us   border patrol  us .
 camanpour  cnn so u played softball wish nancy pelosi with your clearly scripted interview  u talk about immigrati .
 azcentral no reason  how about illegal immigration .
 senkamalaharris  repunderwood  repadams its time that these democratic socialistic running my state stop trying t .
 mickeygillick4  kamalaharris please don t equate legal and illegal immigration  it s insulting .
 kamalaharris please don t equate legal and illegal immigration  it s insulting .
not just perpetuation but wider spread of poverty      also  inevitable that children in poverty in the us would increa .
 greatbong strawman is   you support dems in us  assumption    hence you support everything that dems do  sanctuary .
 marklutchman it s already illegal to aid and abet a criminal  so supporting illegal immigration should be legally .
 govbrewer  realdonaldtrump no one encourages illegal immigration and you know it .
 melvinjacksonii  govbrewer  realdonaldtrump nobody is preventing you from verifying  if you think what she said ne .
 torontostar sounds like you re spewing hate speech  real legal canadian citizens are not against immigration  we a .
 realdonaldtrump im tired of hearing about the illegal acts of the obama admin  im tired of seeing people walk in .
 speakerpelosi why are we the o ly country to offer aid when we cant even take care of our own people that are home .
in new effort to stop illegal immigration  barr ends  bail  charade  .
if you condon illegal immigration then you should be prepared to house and care for illegals  .
rep crenshaw deconstructs dem arguments on illegal immigration  border s     via  youtube.
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   .
remittances  illegal immigrations  30 billion hidden tax .
 cookie vegas  william42435549  bogeymitchell16  speakheartedly  lincolnbevers  charliekirk11  berniesanders .
us attorney eastern district of virginia zachary terwilliger on  ingrahamangle on illegal immigration  we finally h .
 moserslaw  aclu  maddow joe is correct  there also several supreme court cases to support that with precedent  i b .
 retributions many would be against illegal immigration.
cher s right  animalistic  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says .
 senatordurbin senator you have had your entire career to fix things like trade and illegal immigration and have no .
 william42435549  bogeymitchell16  davidlehmann09  speakheartedly  lincolnbevers  charliekirk11  berniesanders .
 ghandigun  forrestrichar20  stclairashley you are stupid  is illegal immigration from canada a problem  no  is ill .
 repadamschiff what about support to protect usa citizens from illegal immigration at our border  would think you w .
 lizzybath   wpjenna you already contribute by paying taxes i think we absolutely contribute way too much and we t .
worth repeating  illegal aliens are saying we don t give damn about your immigration laws  you will house us  feed .
 berniesanders had the answer to the immigration problem   let s built massive prisons along the border and every s .
does trump have the legal authority to send illegal immigrants to sanctuary cities   amberathey  brandonjudd .
 bullpup2a  hyltonrobin its just so depressing that hes still in office  30plus years of pandering to the america .
remittances  illegal immigrations  30 billion hiddentax  .
how   chriscoons   carper       lisabrochester  represent delawareans  1 deny illegal immigration is real emergency .
oann figures on illegal immigration  data for the year 2019    cost this day   510 845 216   illegal aliens in 2019  31 .
 bulwarkonline he will force his opponents to admit that illegal immigration has costs  looks like a win .
 jaketapper  drsanjaygupta  theleadcnn far more likely to be because of illegal immigration combined with tighter q .
 salimmansurlnc i hope you continue to speak out against the globalist islamist agenda s  of the  liberal party   amp  .
illegal aliens are saying we don t give damn about your immigration laws  you will house us  feed us  give us medic .
why does it take a crisis of illegal immigrants to build hundreds of beds for people in need  what about the curren .
democratic party platform        1  pro choice  abortion is the  1 killer of black people     2  gun control  49  of thos .
 report  more than half of immigrants on welfare      report  majority of illegal immigrant households on welfare       .
 cookie vegas  bogeymitchell16  davidlehmann09  speakheartedly  lincolnbevers  charliekirk11  berniesanders .
it s hysterical that the people that want floods of illegals in the country refuse to have them all be dropped in t .
 bdutt  reshmidg  washingtonpost  narendramodi  amitshah it is not about migration but illegal   immigration   firs .
state of emergency in huma arizona over     guess what  illegal immigration.
 docmary75  ricklowenstein  kamalaharris what  we ve had immigration laws since 1891 we are also talking about the .
 retributions  greatbong  realdonaldtrump  sensanders and the less said about democrats views of illegal immigration   .
 ryanafournier dems who support sanctuary cities are protecting illegals  amp  refusing to abide by us immigration laws .
barr makes major reversal in ruling some asylum seekers could be held indefinitely   cnnpolitics  any illegal cross .
 realdonaldtrump hey  lying krassenstein brothers  democrats finally have to admit that there  is an illegal immigr .
 cher lol  illegal immigration is fine  as long as it doesn t have a negative impact on you  hypocrite  you 100  ma .
  please retweet          stop  terrorizing  native  americans        stop  violating  their  treaties  rights  lands  huma .
 truudiva  angrybot5000  citynews first of all there was no canada before europeans showed up and conquered the lan .
 senbooker seriously illogical to say taking illegals to cities is dangerous  but illegal immigration is great for .
so kinda like the reverse of the plan to get rid of illegal aliens by making all of them legal under the orwellian .
   are there any limits to illegal immigration     after all  2020 is an election year and progressives are in no m .
 realdonaldtrump stop facilitating illegal immigration pull all personnel off border let a well formed militia of c .
 whitehouse this is from the  wsj just yesterday 4 15 19 showing mexico not stopping illegal immigration to the uni .
tonights  uofmdesign  d7in7 took my  mentee  amp  me on a transformative journey   diverse ideas  amp  life experiences of .
 applegate frank  scottpresler  cher so an opinion cant change  im so confused  you want dems to be more opposed .
 southernrock3  tweetmebren  cher  lwhaynes  legal  immigration is the back bone of this nation          illegal  immig .
 stephaniezfox  karenyu76051842 this administration is making it illegal for immigrants to work  and then will turn .
 retributions fwiw  you can be against illegal immigration as well as white nationalism  plenty of republicans are .
 longstreet mark  sharp tanner  kylekulinski  realdonaldtrump if obama was for open borders and trump for closed bo .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlichsays  .
because  clearly  the way to curb illegal immigration is to make it harder to do legally  smh       votelibertarian .
 donwinslow its easy to stop illegal immigration  prosecute the vast number of companies that hire them  americas .
trump targets legal  illegal immigration in latest push  via  nbcsandiego.
 we dems  schmermund k attorney general barr working overtime tonight   a chaos move    to divert us perhaps  direc .
how can  senschumer  senwarren  speakerpelosi and all  dnc members not see that we have a serious crisis at the bor .
 cityofyuma and then   obama agrees with trump       .
 oriel irl  kialohq it is inactive  i mean sth like that  but activate it against terrorism and illegal immigration  after tenuous training .
 sashamcgoo  ecatellier1  nick 514  judgejeanine yea to actually keep them out  canadians are one of the largest gr .
 cityofyuma chuck schumer    illegal immigration is wrong  plain  amp  simple    2009 georgetown law  hypocrite see vid .
if youre rting this but you support illegal immigration  then keep your mouth shut  .
cher s right  illegal immigration s a  devastating problem   katie pavlich says   foxnews.
well the democrats have a lot of changing to doing if they want people to start voting for them again  they need to .
 mariabonanno9 she somewhat came to her senses  and or came to a realization  regarding the illegal immigration iss .
 kdka go pound salt  billpeduto      big difference between legal and illegal immigration   you let illegals in  you wi .
 realjameswoods ah  america  after uncontrolled illegal immigration .
mustafa  i know you and have respect for you but this tweet is beyond the pale  bring whomever you represent to the .
 lisastark351  ruxcytbl  curseofleinart  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump he s still waiting for mexico to pay for t .
 tonymangeroni  aka sam tweets  aoc 100 trillion dollars  do people realize how much a trillion dollars is  i dont .
is mexico building a ladder against trump s wall        mexico  usa  trump.
why do  maga  trump supporters believe  realdonaldtrump has done everything he said he would do   as a trump suppor .
 the group has repeatedly appeared in local news stories in recent weeks  expressing support for donald trumps pro .
now get back to your country and quit sucking off our social system     wall     .
trump beat the dum a crats so many time    2016 election  the travel band  kavanaugh  the border wall funding   wait .
 thehill  thehillopinion what is even worse is the lies republicans tell themselves   campaign promises are kept  b .
 tsamspeedy  psychdr100 damn i have no idea where to begin i never saw trump deny knowing stormy daniels  and mexic .
 lennaleprena  texas4danny  ardenking55  franklin graham  the real issue is not  brexit  or .
sounds like we need more border guards and a wall        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until borde .
good for them   thank you    buildthe wall   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol ar .
  j b s  banning people from entering the country based on their faith          claiming repeatedly that mexico is goin .
 danalark3  larry55872287  katrinapierson  cnn trump supporters like the president and his surrogates are famous fo .
if youre about the wall just know that avocados are from mexico and they will be more expensive once the wall is b .
 chrisctkwilson  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump the reason they havent been lowered is because the democ .
 realdonaldtrump yeah  right   just like you  agreed  to show us your taxes and have mexico pay for the wall   hahahahaha.
so what   the socialists disinformation campaign has begun       deploy the troops   close the border   authorize deadl .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         all i .
 realdonaldtrump and why did you  never agree to testify   could it be because you knew you would commit perjury  g .
the aclu described them as an armed fascist militia organization made up of vigilantes working to kidnap and d .
 washingtonpost  posteverything is it the rise and fall of  donaldduck    he seems to be above law and constitution .
 cernovich i will only support if it is to invade mexico to build a wall.
united constitutional patriots  new mexico    monitor the border until president trump fulfills his campaign promise .
 msnbc she just continues to lie  just like trump  whens mexico paying for the wall .
 strasse62  davidafrench all of the above are tied to zero new trump policy      notice you dont mention    wall  mexic .
 dpakman trumps the law and order candidate  mexico will pay for the wall because trump is the second coming of chr .
 becketadams  dallasajackson  dallasajackson the man promised that mexico would pay for the boarder wall  this is w .
people from other countries  where are you from       me  guatemala      them  oh you had volcano      u drive caravan to m .
 anncoulter  duncanwierman must be fake news  trump told us the clintons are good people just like he said mexico w .
 girlybrickcity  mrdane1982 yes she did  follow the money  people just heard trump putting money in their pockets  .
 billford123  f wizle grande  realdonaldtrump there is no safe way without the wall there are miles of uncovered bo .
 jordanleeledger  f wizle grande  realdonaldtrump ok slow down  all trumplicans response about  the economy   most .
 davidcorndc he lied that he would release his taxes  he lied that mexico will pay for the wall  he lied that the m .
new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants  report   new mexico ranchers want the wall    .
 songezozibi echoes of mexico will pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump hey  when is mexico going to pay for the border wall         unfittobepresident  illegitimatepresident .
 realdonaldtrump lol  mexico will pay for the wall        nobody believes a single thing you say.
 border frontera tecate mexico  unitedstates  estadosunidos  artist losangeles  california  proyecto  project .
 stinavr they re doing what the border patrol doesn t have the manpower to do  now  if they could force them back i .
 dancrenshawtx i thought mexico paying for the wall.
 davidwohl  realdonaldtrump when trump reimburses the rest of us for the wall that mexico was going to pay for .
 kingnutfuzz  kramerica19  boiseoutspoken  whitehouse so you re saying   vote them into office first  knowing they .
 kybelle1957liz  freitajo28  enragedapostate  cnn  cspanwj  cspan  realdonaldtrump i cannot remember of anyone sayi .
 realdonaldtrump nobody believes a single word you say donald   mexico will pay for the wall         i never paid storm .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         nice j .
 markknoller  kellyannepolls like eliminating obamacare on day 1  or building the wall that mexico paid for  oh  wait  clown show .
 kybelle1957liz  la gata negra17  enragedapostate  cnn  cspanwj  cspan  realdonaldtrump so mexico isn t paying for the wall.
 for viv  atumpkins11  botulismhoney  john12snow  mattrellen  black is back5  dogthecat3  actdefiance .
 kybelle1957liz  freitajo28  enragedapostate  cnn  cspanwj  cspan  realdonaldtrump if mexico is paying  why is djt .
 realdonaldtrump they are not bs          well talk to papadopoulos it was started because of him  37 indictments  .
on a positive note  i went 24 hours without hearing anything related to a wall or immigration until now  .
jesus died for our sins today so we could donate 1 billion dollars to the catholic church  to build a wall against .
mexico sends its people  theyre sending people that wall .
 kybelle1957liz  freitajo28  enragedapostate  cnn  cspanwj  cspan  realdonaldtrump hey  mexico pays for wall  big l .
 the taxdude  jjosh61 trump got help winning the election  it s not a legitimate win  putin s puppet is illigitimat .
say hello to  mezcalalipus   another favourite on our mezcal wall  this is the san baltazar  made with agave espadi .
 realdonaldtrump you said that months ago  yet no wall was built  obviously there is no emergency or bad  hombres  .
 dixiepaisley  renato mariotti  realdonaldtrump hes also on tape saying mexico would pay for the wall and that he .
6   mexico is going to pay for the wall  was a new  and also obviously ridiculous  twist  but xenophobia and calls .
sounds like the people of mexico are tired as well  maybe they need a wall at their southern border        wallswork .
build the wall       .
in the news    borderland citizenship  could bring justice to both sides of trump s wall   the nation .
 goodfriday  fridayfeeling  fridaymotivation   after telling us he wanted to testify  trump refused to testify when h .
 derthlurf  thehill it s not trump s border wall  it is america s  illegal aliens cost more  they pollute more  emi .
this morning  true americans pray    god expose the evil place a hedge of angels at the mexico borderwith flaming .
new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants  report   foxnews .
 stevelewisiii1  frankdangelo23  realdonaldtrump steve is a mindless sheep who worships a draft dodger  steve is pr .
 matt hudgens furthermore  top economist all say us consumers are paying the costs of the trade war w  china  amp  mexi .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall       nothing you say is true.
 why not push them back into mexico  why bring criminal inside usa  truck them back  amp  dump them off on the oth .
 mrm1s  realdonaldtrump ending birthright citizenship  making mexico pay for a wall  releasing his taxes  yea he do .
 realdonaldtrump untrue  like your claims you have no dealings with russians  untrue like mexico will be paying for .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson coal  new healthcare plan  mexico s check to pay for the border wall .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall        i ll show you my taxes as soon as i m out from under audit       shut .
 dantau2  timeslive  our da and how you gonna force nigeria to pay  even trump failed to force mexico to pay for th .
 dgoigh  cnn  chriscuomo its straight what is the border wall at dumb asses mexico idiots not anywhere else so g .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall        when we see the full unredacted mueller report we can draw conclu .
 austinscottga08 you right wing complainers had 2 full years to get anything you wanted done      but you and trump w .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson i have no dealings with  russia  mexico will pay for walli will show tax retur .
 realdonaldtrump and mxico s paying for your wall       and obama didn t tell mitch mcconnell about the russians     .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  its about time we need to protect it li .
racial superiority is a mere pigment of the imagination  the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bord .
 whitehouse he also said from day 1 mexico will pay for the  60 billion wall          .
 thepatriot017  catgwynn  smokintailwind  mjtphotos  mogadissues  ilhanmn you have a passport       can you talk the re .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists with stopping il .
mexico is awful and dangerous  build the damn wall  .
 christellfaul  gatxer01  greggjarrett so he doubled down on  all  the campaign promises idiocy   muslim ban that w .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  foxandfriends here s a novel idea  how about we give our president all the money he want .
 realdonaldtrump what are you going to do when you can t hide behind the words russiagate  and conservative america .
trump may keep on trying to build his wall  meanwhile the cultural and culinary influence of mexico is global  .
 mademosvaughan  nathan  1 mexico will pay for the wall  lol .
some of the discussion surrounding the us mexico border actually makes sense  at least theoretically   .
nancy pelosi visits irish border and  to laugh at the  yanks  they come to ulster making thr .
 beattiedoug america   a country seemingly hellbent on building a wall between it and mexico   highlighting the vir .
             via  annahar   not in .
 amateureconomix  lewis goodall the irony would appear to be all yours       as pelosi s habit of opening her mouth and .
 incindia thank god he didn t say it will come from pakistan like how trump says that the money for the wall will come from mexico .
say  hola  to maria from  mexico  she is the artist behind the new climbing wall paint in gilwell park  always smil .
rt roguenasa  the rise of the cost of insulin is becoming a huge problem       but we need  25 billion for a wall that .
 viasimonromero  nytimes we better build a wall quick so this behavior of militia having to detain foreign invaders .
the democrats are to blame    mexico needs a wall  this is a witch hunt  totally illegal .
 inamdar brian  cuomoprimetime  cnn  chriscuomo better taxes  what the fuck does that mean  and the wall     the on .
cellist yo yo ma plays music in us mexico border in protest of trump wall .
the shadow of the wall underscores the unintended social consequences of increased border enforcement  immigrant cr .
from trumps point of view  the strategy hasnt backfired  on the contrary  it has achieved its main purpose of dem .
 cuomoprimetime  chriscuomo alternative facts  fake news  good people on both sides   he was joking  mexico will bu .
there will be a lot more of this if the wall is not built  good citizens are tired of the liberal organizations try .
i m back fandom mence  i have been at the most secure area of the current wall at the mexico boarder  still no sign of trouble .
while trump is pretending to build a wall along the border with mexico  he should build the wall around all the usa .
 mikeque8  mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson and what about    trump literally selling nuclear stuff to th .
mexico is paying for the wall through the new .
 c0lettea a wall that blocks the connection between mexico and usa wont stop chinese from shipping in the drugs tho.
 kgaugelo m2p  eusebius  effsouthafrica  radio702  julius s malema like  build a wall and get mexico to pay .
 hist416 the shadow of the wall seeks to transcend the world of academia and be relevant politically also  they b .
 realdonaldtrump poor america under a loose cannon named dj trump    jim mattis  resignation was a stunning rejection .
this woman is advocating for the wall because her daughter died from fentanyl that was trafficked to the u s from .
a first look at the controversial usmexico border wall project .
 awards watch wall of mexico west coast preem in newport beach on the 25th cast will all be there  you should come .
why not ship fentanyl to china drug dealers and flood their fuckin continent with poison  do you think the chin giv .
no wall they can build  episode  3  mexico  part i  the south .
my answer to what could trump offer the democrats that would entice them to give him 5 billion dollars for a border .
  prejudice is the child of ignorance     william hazlitt the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bor .
no wall they can build  episode  3  mexico  part i  the south view and comment here   .
 cernovich let s hold off on that for a bit  after all  there s still millions of people here that actually voted f .
 speakerpelosi your a fine one to talk you work for the tax payers look what you been wasting money on what would y .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump  tedlieu hes cutting pre existing conditions coverage because  realdonaldtrump is a lyin .
 mikescriburner bitch    he thinks guatemala amd mexico are the same    hell throw your ass over that wall and let you sort it out .
 beeflorentino1  mayramm  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters north korea denuclearization  trump provided kim with 2 pr .
 theantiantizio1  lomaahhmore  gregg mashberg if you ever see anything linking  ferguson  with palestinians  this i .
rustic doors   merida   mexico   home decor   wall art   fine art photography   print   matted .
 missjulialee  immigrantdfndr   untamed kat  botulismhoney  ghostjigglypuff  thomaspearc3120  pathas34lives .
militia detained nearly 300 people near sunland park  new mexico   this group was so huge we won t have an accurate .
 johnladouceu56  donaldjtrumpjr  ezralevant trump hasnt done anything positive for america  the taxscam  mexico pa .
new mexico did not want a wall   now look   a big change of perspective   .
 helenwheels18  donaldjtrumpjr wheres the beautiful healthcare trump promised  whens mexico paying for the wall .
mexico  mexican collision    agenda21  agenda2030  tcot  sgp  teaparty  mexico  tijuana  border  maga  news  wall .
rt roguenasa  the rise of the cost of insulin is becoming a huge problem       but we need  25 billion for a wall that .
 kellyannepolls  2vnews repeal replace obamacare     the wall that mexico will pay for   infrastructure plan   denucleari .
the rise of the cost of insulin is becoming a huge problem       but we need  25 billion for a wall that trump said mex .
 nrcc why is this even a question   mexico pays for the wall   the president wouldn t lie .
 steve29103676  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump what has he done for america   a tax scam for the rich  has he defeated i .
 davidafrench what are the top 3 worst lies  he paid a hooker  mexico will pay for the wall  and don t say  it s ju .
 sirajahashmi tramp ran on   hillary bad  lock her up   goofy  she lost because she used a private server       also li .
 realdonaldtrump  maharru  tuckercarlson but you have single handedly broken their record in misleading people  did .
fuck the democrats the whole gang should be lined up against the white house wall and shot for treason that or ship .
else that had a hand in the most corrupt administration and treasonous coup attempt on our potus in history  take a .
 seanhannity  jaysekulow  presssec  devinnunes  greggjarrett  saracarterdc  marklevinshow i see mexico is sponsorin .
 teresag4828  realdonaldtrump no   sofa king stupid is supporting the man who raised your taxes  plans to take away .
 whitehouse but russia still provided a propaganda push to get their candidate elected  you did not win popular vot .
 c0lettea i know its your way to cope with the grieve and loss of your daughter  trying to take away her responsib .
 realdonaldtrump yeah trump  cause there s no other issues plaguing the us right now other than you trying to build .
 georgiaguy8  maydaymindy9 you won t be able to get over the wall  mexico will be closing it s borders to all americans .
      build the freaking wall.
 for trum3  real defender  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson has done nothing with trade  jobs were just a continuatio .
 chrisdelia thanks bro  you f cking ruined albuquerque  the local demographic are ruined  this place is a sh thole .
 abcpolitics she better go have several seats to the back and wait right next to the idiots that are still waiting .
 jfnyc1  sebgorka this is what happens with drugs straming into san francisco from mexico  she doesnt want a wall .
to send troops there when nothing was needed to steal money to pay for a wall he said would be payed for by mexico  .
 verry jane  davidcorndc he said that mexico would pay for the wall when he knew they wouldnt  theres no lie to b .
 bydcommentary  eugenegu  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse you re cracking me up    i m still waiting for that great .
isaac fled nicaragua with his family in august and was later forced by the us to wait for six weeks in mexico to re .
 sianoresist  krassenstein anyone who defends him for selling us out to russia needs to be deported to russia    i .
 joshfoxfilm  andreachalupa cheers  laughter   i promise you  mexico will pay for the wall        i say to base   no  m .
231 times he said no collusion   how many times did he say mexico was going to pay for the wall   trump .
the shadow of the wall would examine the impact mass of the deported back to mexico   hist416.
 kingnickrusso since most of the marijuana comes from mexico  maybe the tax from that can go towards the wall.
 tantalos2 so does  grab them by the p ssy    so does  mexico will pay for the wall    so does making fun of disabled j .
 window  wall  brickwall  anotherbrickinthewall  mexicolife  expatlife  hasselbladdigital   ajijic  jalisco  mexico .
 realdonaldtrump is this the mexican wall  paid by mexico or just your imagination .
 c0lettea fentanyl is sourced from mexico and china  people are also obtaining it through prescriptions  so to put .
 truth quest30  parkermolloy  aoc  amazon ikr  and who would be dumb enough to believe that mexico would pay for trumps wall   pfft.
 realdonaldtrump let the dems keep looking stupid and put hillary and obama on mexico side of the wall.
 panofseamen  texas fire  yeahsureright1  deplorablefor45  blackpopeye  loopnotdefined  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox .
 carrierendon  larrybaker   chatbycc mexico will pay for the wall through trade  nobody ever said that mexico was going to cut a check .
 realdonaldtrump you are mean you do know that  mexico will not build the wall and what if a person named john wilk .
 miladysmama  am mccarthy  delavegalaw  klasfeldreports the base did not care about swindled trump u students who s .
 texasperez82  tonypaul45 i dont think anyone ever actually believed that mexico would pay for a wall .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson what about mexico paying for the wall .
your president want to build a wall between your country and mexico which would cost a lot of money  want to get ou .
can hunters spox please show him a map  hunter falsely advertised he was was 15 meters from mexico  he also needs .
interesting that trumpers can only refer to obama saying you can keep your doctor as lying when trump lies everyd .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson ay if anyone want a uk kid with convictions hit me up the us sounds like a safe hav .
 black is back5  john12snow  mattrellen  dogthecat3  actdefiance  dreadpirate42  seanwoodard18  hackdz revenge .
 alyssa milano how are you doing    donald trump has never care for american people or america he only cares about .
 aoc medicare for all  like the wall   mexico will pay for it  not americans .
 gop no trade deals    no healthcare    no immigration plan    no wall    no mexico pay    no tax reform    broken promises    an .
 fox32news let s sell it to mexico to fund the wall.
 angieskys they all are controlled by deep state whether it s a democratic or republican potus where is the wall it .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump ya  make the pay the same way that mexico paid for the wall .
 ashleydixon  jenniferjjacobs looking over the wall into texas then   mexico has no electoral college .
 realdonaldtrump why just russia  mexico did all it could to influence the election for fears of the wall  nafta  a .
 nomadicvisions2  realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews he had 2 yrs of total control  dems have had the house .
 bolzscott  hollygorock  realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews dude   lmao    youre not a fn winner    this ri .
 kooka03  repswalwell  realdonaldtrump  he explained the wall will be paid for in tariffs   hello  mexico doesn t p .
 kausmickey  anncoulter please make sure 45 is on the mexico side of the wall  would be great for america .
mueller report and more   foxnews      remember those statements i love wikileaks   build the .
 sdeasland1  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump my taxes have stayed the same  mexico hasn t and won t pay for the usel .
 joshtpm is mexico still paying for the wall .
 seanwoodard18  black is back5  hackdz revenge  mattrellen  actdefiance  bloodyval69  john12snow  djmobey .
 brenro4  spentsaint  repmattgaetz  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 is it in mexico  if so  you should be paying for that wall .
yup i get that   hes only interested in covering his ass   he really doesnt care  about usa   he only cares above h .
 1776stonewall  arauz2012 that moniker is a riot  when you consider what they re saying  the left always uses words .
 xxpaddupxdrizzy   therealwoody  i dont mind that mindset  but helping other countries something the us has always .
humpty trumpty was not exonerated    and mexico isn t paying for a wall  .
 davidpatersonca  1713eh lol    kenney turning off the taps is akin to trump s mexico will pay for the wall.
 cnn enough of a difference with mexico to have enough funding to complete the barrier or wall in 9 years.
 seanwoodard18  hackdz revenge  actdefiance  bloodyval69  john12snow  mattrellen  duncombe cher  dreadpirate42 .
we need to build the wall   not for mexico but for azure members instead.
 paulmoser52  quinhillyer  nedryun  sykescharlie most of his promises were just salesman rhetoric not grounded in r .
 mikesou57881004  speakerpelosi oh come on mike  just admit you are a racist  there is no other reason to still be .
 lily1439  tb2z  cher  trump    whos gonna pay for that wall   audience     mexico .
i have people working in my house right now that probably put the wall up in mexico .
 docrocktex26  pannlewis44  lesapamplin i guess we can put trump s  total exoneration   right next to  mexico is go .
 mfcbutt50  chiefpudge  aoc  repandybarr wasnt mexico supposed to pay for the wall anyway  that was the campaign promise .
 johncornyn  politico let s build a wall around mexico to secure our borders but if russians want to hack democrat  .
 justsayn2020kag  seaforme1  gavinnewsom wasnt your putin puppet boasting about how many people the bp caught last .
 therichturpin isnt the wall boarding mexico    is she from there  .
 byrontau  gop is a sickness  lock them all up  better yet build a wall around some undefined area in mexico and dump them .
 terry cutting  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump what has trump done for you lately  cause i can tell you we have been .
 matthewrose86  katcashmeade not a wall   its not mexico  customs areas which demonstrate that ireland is two count .
 kellyannepolls one more question    is mexico still paying for the wall .
 superelitetexan  henshallharold it is much more likely that conservatives are funding the migrant caravans to crea .
 realdonaldtrump the wall is not solving the root of the problem  go after the cartels in mexico then the citizens .
 dallasajackson you realize you bought into a man who said mexico would pay to build a birder wall  think about you .
what if mexico built a wall and prevented american tourists from returning to the usa until they paid a departure t .
wall street cierra en verde y el dow jones gana un 0 42      .
homeowner twitter   if i suspect a pipe is leaking inside a wall  do a call a plumber   contractor   hitman   move .
 fragital  tommytreed  jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse really because trump has never lied  oh i .
the is a fraud  as is the fact that i am very excited about the wall  people are looking good with mexico .
 socialpowerone1 well  they also believed mexico was going to pay for the wall  so we shouldnt be surprised .
 bigpoppy32  pfarley 608  talbertswan jobs were already being created  mexico was supposed to pay for the wall  .
 fine swell  charliekirk11 mexico was supposed to pay for the wall .
 burgandyblood44  resist1972 hillary  emails  whataboutism  birth certificate  fake news  mexico is paying for the .
 carrie kelly17  pfsdriver attempting to stop a legal investigation is obstruction  trump attempted it 10 times  .
 davidkmccarthy2  charles44403550  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump specifics please about promises made and kept  like me .
in 2016  trump said he wanted to build something in mexico  so did we  his was a wall  ours was a zappshelter  i kn .
if mexico or colombia stop drug  exportation  to usa  many of the north american people are going to jump over the .
 mikesou57881004  speakerpelosi yeah  he defeated isis  nk gave up its nukes  hrc is in prison  mexico paid for the .
 gop ill believe everything trump has told his base as soon as mexico pays for wall  you know how he bragged over .
 ericfritz71 eric  i can give you 100 000 for that one  let s start with five deferments  nah  let s start w helpin .
 texas fire  panofseamen  yeahsureright1  deplorablefor45  blackpopeye  loopnotdefined  iheartmindy  kaitmarieox .
 iamabot1989  ggrace2000  sheaserrano he plaid tariff games and is causing so many farmers to lose money and go out .
 ddale8  barr s an absolute fraud  hear that  magats  fraud  just like mexico is paying for the wall  a fraud  a ho .
 mhusava  lisajschultz1  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse yeah   nk testing again    mexico aint paying for the wal .
 youkeepusingtw  saracarterdc im sorry you are so delusional  there are people and medications that may help stop .
all these dumb ass motherfuckers talking about build the wall  mexico is the one who needs to build the wall to kee .
 speakerpelosi when do you plan to remove the immoral wall between california and mexico   sancuary for all     seanhannity  realdonaldtrump.
 caroljo44  loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz where s the check fr .
trump has not come thru of amy promises like have mexico pay for wall and arrest  hillaryclinton.
 scottadamssays  libertyblitz the witch hunt has been a good distraction for trump as we have  3 trillion more in d .
 realdonaldtrump miserable cnn is at it again   they say mueller was unable to conclude that no criminal obstructio .
 dwinderbaum  locklea5 now  the great wall  around mexico     trumps vision     make the fucking america great again.
gringos  were the best  build a wall  yee haw  mexico is puny  taco bell    mexico       mexico  ontas    gringos  .
 bennyjohnson how many times has trump made a statement that was wrong       do you trust him       and because i know you  .
new plan       we anex the land around new orleans to mexico  then fund trumps wall .
 kooka03  repswalwell  realdonaldtrump what lies have been proven true     wind turbines cause cancer    puerto rico go .
not only is she disgusting but fucking ignorant  the wall boarders mexico not the middle east dumb bitch.
 mgtymoose13  dloesch   he deceived the american people by promising that mexico would pay for his vanity wall   to .
 psitsme7672  donaldjtrumpjr why  just because you are tired of you tax dollars being spent on that  mexico will pa .
how  mexico   among others   can  amp  should  pay for the wall     cut off all non citizens who entered this country ill .
dam it must suck to be a democrat                                       no russia collusion  no obstruction your no .
trumps claim that there was no collusion  amp  no obstruction is no more true than his claims that mexico would pa .
 c0lettea im korean  i live in korea  but that fact that i know more about the whole drug issue between usa and me .
 hefdog1  juliekay0914  arifleischer vodka  kkkomrade  is that what you drink in order to keep believing mexico is .
 mtnutz  sweet  feet   cindy k  therightmelissa  jazmin0809  realdonaldtrump yep  the wall is being built and mexic .
 realdonaldtrump  potus lies under oath of office  mexico pay for the wall   amp  father born in germany  check  serves .
 housejudiciary  repjerrynadler lies under oath of office  mexico pay for the wall   amp  father born in germany  check .
ancestors         photographer  portraitphotography  naturallight  oaxaca  oaxacamexico  oaxacacity  mexico  travel exp .
 walentovic  glennfariel  mntravis  top sergeant  bobbiehill  realdonaldtrump right just like mexico paying for the .
why we need a good wall     .
 heathmayo for people who believe mexico is paying for a wall that in fact isn t being built  and that a report tha .
 kellyannepolls thats how much money mexico has given trump for the wall.
 mikesou57881004  speakerpelosi well id love to break it down to you  hes not keeping his word  mexico isnt payi .
 lbc trump wants a wall because mexicans are sending in tons of drugs to kill americans the illegals get in raping .
 no collusion  is as nonsensical as  no kovfefe   a deplorable day for america when the most serious threat to the .
 man from mexico          why don t they just say illegal immigrant        build the wall               sent from wane 15 news  .
he was actually saying im innocent but in a roundabout way just like mexico is going to pay for the wall in a roun .
 phillygator1 it comes from china so a wall in mexico isnt going to stop it  we need to educate ourselves and our children better .
 mickeygambino  tribal eagle70  chrislebowski1  repswalwell  amp  amoebas   although i have higher hopes for the intell .
is that the wall that mexico is paying for  .
 and who s going to pay for the wall  mexico is going to pay for the wall  who s going to pay for the wall  mexico .
over two years into 45     no healthcare overhaul    no new wall  mexico hasnt paid for anything    north korea is testi .
 realdonaldtrump when is mexico paying for the wall .
 blaineodavis1  schmidt robby  abcpolitics so he claims  trump alao told me mexico would pay for his wall .
 tjmrblx  beesarebrutal  stackofpies what happened to mexico paying for the wall  what happened to denuclearizing north korea .
 zipowitz  andrewhymanesq  kamalaharris my refund was fine  thanks for asking  and yes  his platform of mexico will .
 howarda esq  aoc as a jew i am appalled by the apartheid policy that israel employs towards the palestinians  i am .
tuesday morning water cooler talk after the boston marathon         coworker  hi alexandre  enjoy your long weekend   w .
blue agave wall art floral print agave decor agave canvas cactus poster flowers mexico print kitchen wall decor aga .
 jonjenk86851859  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump well he was  amp  is a joke  so many absurdities  mexico will pay for a wal .
 acnewsitics plus his other buddy putin has troops in our hemisphere  in contravention to the monroe doctrine  in v .
wall street falls after a bad day of companies in the health sector   forbes mexico    .
 abc  ceciliavega credibility left the building when the liar in chief took office  p s  mexico is not paying for wall .
this map shows where each state s largest immigrant group comes from  besides mexico  why do we need a wall  .
 pliving71  judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump mexico paid for the wall   when .
did mexico pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  anncoulter and who is paying for that wall   mexico  not .
berlin war     no wonder your daddy keeps talking about a mexico us wall   he doesnt know the difference betwee .
 donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete berlin war     no wonder your daddy keeps talking about a mexico us wall   he doesnt .
 galaxy8sgq  stand4flag  mcgregorgirl1  marvin6977  dedriannes  schul47  trumpstrucker  wink nod  kyhorn143 .
 erictrump you have no ground to stand on  president trump is the king of double talk mexico will pay for the wall .
build the wall   300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  via  mailonline.
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump so if the wall were to be built would we be using trump construction companies or cons .
 realdonaldtrump trump lies mexico pays for the wall  .
 jmcelyea 91  scorpionsting70  rjohn0709  thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc the only thing mexico will be extending re .
 realdonaldtrump just like you said mexico would pay for the wall    btw   did that check come in yet   impeachtrumpnow.
 hlksmash  louislegakis  google kinda like that wall mexico is paying for .
 jim jordan so he tried to obstruct but people defied him and you are ok with this    why don t we go spend another .
x pres of mexico advised that trump cant build his wall as his hands are too small  .
 gingernchronic  elneatobandito on the wall         peterzeihan has the right take        for the wall to accomplish what i .
at the wall in new mexico    prepping for tonight s  immigration town hall on  kfox14  elpaso .
building another  dumb  wall w mexico is  noemergency   trumptydumpty  therealdonald but  climateaction .
 donaldjtrumpjr i feel bad for americans  mx officials told the truth  they werent payn for any fn wall  trumps .
 hatt3xas  wsj aaaand trumpeeons once again acting like he didnt lie about mexico paying for that wall  or that he .
 sabrinal43  martingeddes  lisamwall3  janbobrowicz he lied about  7  mexico paying for the wall  8  no cuts cuts t .
 djmobey  gopwhite  mattrellen  bunny mello  bustthegop  bloodyval69  john12snow  duncombe cher  dreadpirate42 .
this couple sitting near me at the food court is debating whether new mexico is part of the u s  or mexico  i told .
 gopalee67  hlkodo did he say  will not discuss north korea  brexit or mexico wall  whoever came and sat in front of him .
 gopwhite  mattrellen  bunny mello  bustthegop  actdefiance  bloodyval69  john12snow  duncombe cher  dreadpirate42 .
 business  tictoc and if mexico sends that check for the wall today  trump will be having not just a good day but an excellent one .
trump will need to fly over his own wall to flee to mexico .
 royzbass  kyledcheney so mexico is paying for the wall huh .
 realdonaldtrump tried to get mueller fired  but failed  tried to have repubs hold the house  but failed  tried to .
 jamespa51395548  billpalmer every day he says the wall is being built  and it is not  he said mexico would pay for .
 olugbo  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump lmfao so if he says its true then it is   ok the so mexico is still paying for .
 realdonaldtrump mx officials told the truth  they werent payn for any fn wall  trumps response      not only wi .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump the american people are tired of being lied to according to kirk       ill release my .
 realdonaldtrump mx officials told the truth  they werent payn for any fn wall  trumps response      not only wi .
 rowdy tt  jmirishman  lov motherearth  lawrence  thelastword suunuuuuuure just like mexico was going to pay for yo .
 lalalan99383957  krassenstein trump will need to fly over his own wall to flee to mexico .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump lets see mexico pay for the wall first .
donald trump says he will make mexico pay for wall  via  youtube per  realdonaldtrump   not .
 btc4usd  trapouts trumps first 2 1 2 years years in office     mexico paying for the wall  no     drained the swamp  a .
 moments  natgeo  nature  inthegarden  insects  lookintoyourworld  beauty  wall en toluca  mexico .
 troberson66  thehurrytheharm  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn why would she deport her to the other side of the wall    whi .
 thegreatduggo the most ironic thing is the comment about going to mexico for stem cell research  if they want the .
 javierbahena053  diabetictoyota  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn yea but she said to the other side of the wall   which would .
 thegreatduggo  dkmorris0204  real defender  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews it must suck being this miserable  i am .
 craftjannine  abc bla bla bla    because mexico will pay for the wall  correct   lol.
 haha club the wall  trump originally wanted to build would have cost north of  20 billion  many  maga cliamed to h .
omg americanteven     realdonaldtrump was jk    obvi his great wall of tryna to be funny  failed      borderline insanity   .
 rajakorman  teasri but its not   neoliberals most importantly want a controllable electorate which gives free reig .
as the real donny t  i would have to say im the best writer around  i write tweets all the time  writing is really .
 realdonaldtrump your right put a wall around new mexico these mfs animals.
 dallasajackson  mccormackjohn and mexico is paying for the wall  right .
 realdonaldtrump build that wall  don t cuddle this invading army  mexico must pay for this invasion  they don t wa .
 jefftabor7  realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump  barackobama  hillaryclinton oooh my word here l was thinking mexico .
 m a g a 45  sporty 1969  real defender  realdonaldtrump i dont think approval rating low from report i think its .
 jefftabor7  realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump  barackobama  hillaryclinton given how long it has taken to still see .
 realdonaldtrump  trumps campaign clearly outlined how the political upstart envisioned he would compel mexico to .
 matthewveasey journalists are not the enemies of the people you say corrupt i say slanted just like fox cnn msnbc .
 bbillings123  senatorsinema  dhsgov thats true about their governments cooperating   their version of welfare is .
 realdonaldtrump president trump this day is a clear presentation of the facts  however the democrats will trough t .
 gop he refused to be interviewed by mueller   hes guilty of obstruction of justice  money laundering  lying to th .
 steelersdepot all da onez in new mexico before trumpf builds the wall .
mexico again identified by barr as big drug dealers  claims the wall will prevent  ignores fact that most immigrant .
things will get much worse    as kenney fails to deliver  amp  seeks excuses    i e   what happens when mexico fails to p .
 repmarkgreen  realdonaldtrump he hasn t kept many of his promises  drain the swamp  mexico will pay for the wall  .
 greggutfeld all we need to do to stop illegals flowing over  president of mexico can hand out hundreds of thousand .
 rayvanlink  realdonaldtrump also  if he said he was going to get mexico to pay for the wall and then tries to sque .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall   the wall will be paid for by mexico  the wall  mexico will pay for it .
 realdonaldtrump  potus send all these criminals to jail absorb mexico as state of us by force to end entrants  amp  wall issue for ever .
 shahzadshafi007 send all these criminals to jail absorb mexico as state of us by force to end entrants  amp  wall issue for ever .
 yaegermj  realdonaldtrump wake up  he is a criminal getting rich off americans  wheres the better beautiful health .
 robertmead83  fairimmigration that s funny  but yet we need to waste tax payers money on the wall that trump based .
 rayvanlink  realdonaldtrump hes not even trying to get mexico to pay for the wall anymore  never even started tha .
 thefuknpunisher  realdonaldtrump he s making everyone pay     for the wall he repeatedly said mexico was going to pay for.
 realdonaldtrump no respect  no morals  no truth  no testifying  no leadership  no wall paid by mexico  no substanc .
 rayvanlink  realdonaldtrump get mexico to pay for the wall     cancel funding for sanctuary cities     establish a com .
 rdgilchrest  realdonaldtrump  cnn  foxnews  nytimes  wsj  washingtonpost  usatoday you sir are the damned moron in .
 shrinkgov  jaketapper yep  and mexicos paying for the wall and hell release his taxes and well all have amazing healthcare .
 lumitrac  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron honestly don t know what trump was thinking when he went t .
 realdonaldtrump when will mexico start building the wall .
 apredatorywasp i feel like there s some joke in here about how mexico is going to pay for the wall but the coffee .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump someone please translateis the president attempting to take hard working mexi .
 katies 1 it is actually weird that im going to build a wall and mexicos going to pay for it got as many votes .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump if the president imposed a high 20  tax on all remittances of money sent to mexico  .
 donaldjtrumpjr build a wall will ya  did you ever thought about the planes coming in from mexico and other arab countries and stuff  .
 pastorlocke this doesn t shock me one bit  you ve clearly bought the propaganda  dems don t want open borders  oth .
but at least the coal industry came roaring back  and mexico paid for the wall  .
 deepstateexpose  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump so basically   she is  one of many trumps followers   and probably a .
im fucking dead im watching hgtv and dude said the wall color look like nacho cheese and salsa and the house is in mexico lmfaoooo.
and we re building a wall for mexico      demswin2020  demslifestyle  michelle46  michelle2020 .
 renato mariotti  jentaub maybe both cohen and trump are liars      swindled trump u students       i promise you  mexi .
malema says he will open our borders and if foreign nationals use our already overwhelmed hospitals  he will send a .
 danscavino  realdonaldtrump whens mexico paying for the wall  i thought trump was going to be too busy to golf  .
 realdonaldtrump the best super cut should be of me saying that mexico will pay for the wall  these statements are equally accurate .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump mexico paid for the wall .
 rjohn0709  emiliahornsey  scorpionsting70  thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc yes that s right  hating is not good for .
 ddale8 so another thing trump promised never going to happen  like mexico paying for wall .
 kokomothegreat make america great again and who will pay for the wall    mexico .
a question for 2020 democratic presidential candidates  which of trump s decisions will you reverse      iran n deal .
 bisco371  realdonaldtrump here s a video where mexico residents claim that new wall structures are starting to red .
 kausmickey  anncoulter the reason we need a wall is actually a proactive response to mexicos water crisis   they .
 scorpionsting70  emiliahornsey  rjohn0709  thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc mexico will pay for the wall  between ta .
 arifleischer remember when trump spun the birther theory   remember when mexico was going to pay for the wall  rem .
 thucydidesh2  jim jordan  donaldjtrumpjr the promise of mexico paying for the wall  the 10  pay rise he promised t .
 fdrlst what happened to my being able to file my taxes on a postcard  i guess that went the same route as mexico paying for the wall .
 danscavino  realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall        but nevermind .
 fuckbamboni if the wall is built  legal immigration wont stop from mexico martin.
 realdonaldtrump another lie from individual 1    mexico is paying for the wall    liar in chief      .
 realdonaldtrump thought you said this would exonerate you       you also said mexico would build the wall and you wouldn t cut medicare .
 5moreyearsoftr1  despanol203  skyzbabe1961  shnydaone  andrewwgop  breaking911 build that wall  whos going pay fo .
 realjack i think if she were to win that election mexico would need to build a wall to stop the flow of people headed south .
 kt kate35025607  wildhogs6 um   shut our borders   is not  we re building that wall  because mexico no pays  right .
 danielestrin  implement the israeli palestinian peace plan it  trump admin  vows to soon unveil        also vowed  .
 realdonaldtrump stop all your lying  you have no idea what you are doing  maybe you should stop talking about wall .
 armondoyou2  trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  kmillercc  jandrhendricks  fnicholasr  takeastandleav1  luvmypittys .
 armondoyou2  trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  kmillercc  jandrhendricks  fnicholasr  takeastandleav1  luvmypittys .
would you do this  adventure  flying  skydiving  epicfail  amazing  today  beautiful  mexico  thewall  wall  tsa .
 realdonaldtrump tell us how youll have no time for golf   that one never gets old  kim played you  trade wars are .
dreamlord    eternal night   ep   2019    melodic death metal   mexico .
 renato mariotti the shiggidy around the mueller report  thanks to barr  is going to make mexico build a wall .
 repadamschiff use this next argument  just yesterday  they weren t illegal immigrants they .
 realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron no you don t you spent 3 weeks saying that the protestors were right and he can go .
 danscavino  donaldjtrumpjr kinda like mexico will pay for the wall .
 carolleonnig  realdonaldtrump i also believe in unicorns  santa claus  the easter bunny and mexico is going to pay .
 caddie92  danielgary906  sensanders do you understand how taxation works  do you know how much we spend in wars  d .
 brianklaas hitler invading russia  bay of pigs  nixon agnew  invasion of iraq  less  obama entertains beau bergdah .
 aubrey huff era and batting average dont matter  and mexico is paying for the wall .
 kokomothegreat many    wonderful    people tell me   is a friend of mine   no collusion    witch hunt    its a hoax    angry de .
 shadowslight3  varidienne look whos talkin a person who ran on 1 thing buildin a fuckin wall 2 keep mexicans out c .
america reminds me of that drunk person at 16 y o turn ups that swears youre drunk even tho theyre the one thats .
america  what if this is way bigger than people think  like a trojan horse  trump has our military all over the wor .
 jdw714  thumper5465  dkeycock  para82nd 1  alim20698746  mick719  black is back5  defangirlanon  ruthlesswench .
 bluesvillesc  msnbc  kristarchy it all makes sense  the wall would be to keep people from fleeing to mexico .
 washingtonpost build a wall and make mexico pay for it .
 jaysekulow if rockets were being fired from mexico across our boarder into cities and towns  killing at least 300 .
hmm  median national  another term for illegal alien   build the wall toledo  ohio  ap   state troopers in ohio ha .
 realdonaldtrump china have a wall  mexico have a wall with guatemala  we need our wall  it s common sense  lots of .
trump fancied the idea that mexico will pay for the wall he quickly back tracked because it was no feasible .
 goodoldcatchy  mpfied  brill leah they are buying time right now to get everything in place  the wall is to keep p .
 brithume  donaldjtrumpjr 8 billion for a wall mexico was supposed to pay for   same or no  .
 17 xcx i see drugs working on u  meanwhile d mexican wall u are talking about has nt been built  lagos is one stat .
but  i do believe we should be buying mexico instead of separating ourselves via wall.
inspiration for wall to mexico for  realdonaldtrump   have history tought us nothing    berlin  germany .
 staticus1  jolinegkg  michelleobama well  he broke the promise about mexico paying for the wall  and any of the ot .
1 70  tax on any wire transfers in mexico  central south america 2  illegally in our country and deported once  the .
 jmcelyea 91  emiliahornsey  rjohn0709  thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc he has added to the debt and promised that m .
 realdonaldtrump still lying about the wall being built   next you re gonna say you got the check from mexico .
 brennadawkins  zswaggins  washingtonpost it isn t hard to follow  the tweeter         always believed the us would pay .
 wrenwilliams  aoc does aoc frighten you too  she is young  intelligent and not afraid to do what she was elected t .
 kodak621  the big nothin  kamalaharris perhaps if you researched her policies  you d know what they are  this is a .
i m still waiting to see the money for the wall start pouring in from mexico .
 paul coys  cher when is trump going to get the wall funding from mexico .
 c0lettea no dear  do not blame mxico because of the drug addiction of your daughter  with or without the wall  yo .
 irespectsomalis  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn yea and is she a central american illegal   the point is that the wall is fo .
we need to wall off mexico because its a danger to all americans   .
american government is at minus  so it seems  they even ask mexico to funds the wall  .
 r3l0z  chilimariee  c0lettea  cici aketzalli theres a lot other countries getting drugs inside your country  they .
 kurtschlichter remember when mexico was going to pay for a wall        remember when medicare wasn t going to be cut   .
 sograns  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump does he really  his trade wars aren t working  korea just tested a missile  t .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews poor america under a loose cannon named dj trump    jim mattis  resignation was a stu .
other account got suspended for calling a lady a cracka ass cracka bc she was weaponizing her daughters fentanyl ov .
 mamendoza480 use the money to build the d mn wall   thats certainly one way to get mexico to pay for it .
the mbcs according to the shadow of the wall  focuses on  human rights  violence  the crossing experience and speci .
everybody behave well that i m looking at them  cdmx  mexico  city  urban  graphics  illustration  communication .
todos prtense bien que los estoy mirando  cdmx  mexico  city  urban  graphics  illustration  communication  humor .
 realdark kent  refinedmess  willieg36155135  newnumbawhodiss  cjts7006  michaeledyson  charliekirk11 he turned it .
 cbp i see mexico in the distance i zoom in and dont see a wall   fence nothing  easy walk in access  no wonder t .
 repmattgaetz did you mean their doing what they get paid to do maybe you should do the same get mexico to pay for .
 pbartunekpaul  teamfrazzled  jsheprd  usatoday he is an abject failure  7 bankruptcies  thousands of settled lost .
 realdonaldtrump really     you finally received your pesos from mexico     the wall don the con   the wall            .
 bradtothebone34  zach lovelady24  xo jessmarie  big worm14 but the wall is literallly bordering mexico  wheres your stance from there .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews trump when do you build the wall between united states and mexico.
while trump is busy building a wall  mexico is busy building their own walmart  heb food is better in mexico anyway.
 jdw714  booda cat  hrt6017  brodymccain  r0xie f0x  lostandlovinit  yuwantokno1  merry hippie  deannadeanna061 .
 politicalshort  realdonaldtrump trump lies       he also said mexico would pay for the wall  he d release his taxes  h .
 loyaleuronation  c0lettea  cici aketzalli and yes  there needs to be a lot of things done  but building a fucking .
 sograns  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump hows that wall he promised mexico would pay for coming .
 blondie patriot i think that we should hire them to build the wall  while they re in mexico  i ll be happy to go and work on my tan .
 nrcc i sell ladders and shovels in mexico  please build the wall .
isn t this pretty much par   for the  realdonaldtrump course     first he tells us a lie  then facts find the  truth .
 allthingssoft1  jamesdkey  scaramucci  uscpolfuture  murphymike hahahaha  build that wall  and mexico will pay for it .
thank you mexico for paying for wall   maga    .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump hmm let s see reduce debt  eliminate the deficit  nope doubled it from 2016  mexico .
 snakeoilprez  rickbaggett7 mexico will pay for the wall    mexico paid for the wall      the wall is being built r .
 westxgal  francifelli  realdonaldtrump send troops to the borders north  canada  and south  mexico  till the wall .
 leekenn78013704  ewarren  barackobama  hillaryclinton yes yes   but her emails     almost 3 years and running  and .
 aryakicksbutt  devincow i hope mexico pays for the wall around it .
 realdark kent  willieg36155135  bdwal359  newnumbawhodiss  cjts7006  michaeledyson  charliekirk11 weve been waiti .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn i mean  even if we do build the wall  why would we deport someone that is a us citizen  and w .
 pukhtnna wa alikum as salaam        build that wall   we ll build deeper tunnels mr president  mexico.
 acnewsitics 4 more years of trump      in those four years i ll take away your social security and medicare and ha .
 gmcctweet  ilhanmn why not just stop sending money to other countries and yes remove all the money spent on immagr .
 sparkey03  kbakba22070  jim jordan  mexico will pay for the wall    paying off stormy and karen    how often he would play golf if elected.
 jmcelyea 91  emiliahornsey  scorpionsting70  thatssmoore  flotus  ftbraggnc still waiting for mexico to pay for the wall .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews are you crazy  no n k deal  no iraq deal  trade wars that cost farme .
 realdonaldtrump get a new hobbie    you lied and said mexico will pay for the wall one or another   wrong  now you .
it looks like mexico is paying for the wall even though it hasn t been built yet       this chart show s mexico vs  usa .
 amc2500  cityofyuma  whitehouse this bullshit national emergency started the day trump promised mexico would pay f .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump i thought mexico was paying for the wall  that s wh .
 teamnguns  real defender  dkmorris0204  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews so he failed on repealing aca  he hasn t bu .
 fairimmigration  .
y all say you only have a problem with   illegalimmigration   amp  claim it s not about  race  then you say this sht co .
we should build a wall not to keep immigrants out but incase a zombies come from south america or mexico like i don .
 myollife  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  pontifex its going to that wall mexico is paying for.
that s why donald wants his walls so badly  he wants to start a campaign and doesn t want his back door accessible  .
 realdonaldtrump we waiting for mexico check  why didnt they use nex day delivery   oh excuse me i know why becaus .
mexico is sorta building a wall too  and trump is paying for it  touch  .
 cling2reality  abc same amt of progress with the wall   mexico is not paying for the dam wall and north korea is n .
somehow legally confiscate a foreign national s money  regardless of how it was gained  and put it in basically the .
 donaldjtrumpjr  anncoulter yeah like that free wall  mexico is buying for us    .
 charliekirk11 any evidence that n  korea is really dismantling its nuclear offensive weapons  real evidence  pleas .
 monsterrr a  chilimariee  c0lettea  cici aketzalli a mother  my daughter died from a drug that was unknowingly put .
 djgeorgeff  jasonmn  walshfreedom trump wasnt pro choice until like 10 min before the election  and gary johnson .
 pamwise87666953  sherylcrow  flotus  realdonaldtrump yes  for congress being smarter  even with republicans  lies  .
 realdonaldtrump you caused a panic with your wall that according to you mexico was going to pay for this migration .
 trumpwarroom mexico is paying for the wall.
 sbogucki12  jkbranin  rescuelilly  katmckinley  caitjperry  jmckee  kfile many countries have walls  they work  me .
 somenycguy  aoc  nationalnurses  nycvetsalliance  vvamerica that check from mexico that trump promised hasnt come .
 lrihendry why won t your cult leader release his college and high school transcripts  ans  it would show how stupi .
 frankch66294129  realdonaldtrump  cnn  foxnews  nytimes  wsj  washingtonpost  usatoday you probably thought mexico .
 joncoopertweets  sharoncoryell3  mattgaetz on spring break at the wall in mexico   he got lost on his way out of the cantina.
lol at america trying to build a wall between us and mexico  yet the  nfl thinks its a good idea to schedule games there.
millennials se preocupan ms por cada de wall street que otras generaciones    .
 realdonaldtrump too bad gop did nothing for 2 years  too bad  for you     no wasting tax     on a wall you promised .
 gavincannonn  586god why don t you go hop trumps wall and go to mexico  or use a fucking raft and float to cuba  o .
not saying its not sad  but    didnt nobody hold a gun to your daughters head and force her to buy drugs  yall a .
 realdonaldtrump says the guy who doesn t do crap but golf and tweet         can t get a peace agreement with  noko   can .
 cnn must be fake news  trump told us that was all fixed and had his advisers beg for him to be nominated for the n .
 dance always    libertylover56  harveystaub1  jamierodr14  briankolfage i agree  people hooked on drugs need help .
 gop most drugs come through ports of entry in cars and trucks  why do republicans use drugs as a false talking poi .
 elder jodi  38specialcolt  jamacia813  pradierj  bookerprint  sofiamancuso3  idclair  lovealwaysiris .
 kernunited  samuelbuckner11  lagunabeachpd it is the flag of our country  those that are offended by the sight of .
 nbcnews huh so north korea gets a new ballistic missile  and we get a wall to keep us safe  conservatives don t ta .
 charliekirk11 yea  like our honest president trump s  i will show you my taxes  mexico will pay for the wall  i di .
 katboat3  aoc  repandybarr remember mexico will give us a check for the wall  or tax cuts with spending increase .
instead of building a wall around mexico can we just build that wall around ohio .
wait  is she from mexico   what other side   is the wall all the way around the us    .
 realdonaldtrump do you want our economy to drop  your decision to build a wall around mexico is going to affect america more than you think.
here s the problem  most of the drugs coming from the cartels  even back in 2015  weren t from mexico  they are tra .
 hardball he will continue to trash it  has no choice   18 angry democrats and a witch hunt  gotta play to that shr .
 timryan just words  president trump when running for president said that mexico would pay for the wall  then he sa .
 patrioticellie  theofficertatum  ilhanmn the immigration ban that doesnt ban muslims is a muslim ban and the fenc .
 notbenfirst  gtconway3d mexico will pay for the wall         oh sorry   it will be the us military instead   .
wind turbines cause cancer  nope       my father was born in germany  nope       mexico s paying for the wall  nope       i kno .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex did you offer to build a wall around it and have mexico pay for it .
ice officers are in on it too  it s a discussion on how this shit funds wars and shit but that s a different discus .
 joncoopertweets it s a relief to matt gaetz trying to climb over the so called wall into mexico  no loss .
 accidentalhurt so no one cares about the wall with mexico   at least not the billionaires .
tipografa de joya en una pared  mercado  artesania   jewelry  mexico  cdmx  typo  typography  design  capital .
pared urbana de una gran ciudad  cdmx  zonarosa  reforma  mexico  city  urban  wall  art  travel  grafitty .
i want to state that the only thing  that was inaccurate in the original post was the thought that a wall would fix .
do magats still believe the summits were n  korea were effective    when will they start to realize that trump lies a .
does the map show how tohono o odham has resided in their land before usa and mexico boundaries were created   that .
 realdonaldtrump to the  liar in chief  there is no trump wall being built  if there was we would see construction .
with regard to trump  mexico is going to pay for trumps wall .
 whitehouse say it again slowly emphasizing the word replace    now remind yourself that trump has no replacement u .
 travofoz  berniesanders you dont want to deal with facts  just like trumps fans still believe hes building a wa .
if  perhaps youre wondering where our president got his idea to build a wall separating the usa from mexico  this .
 potus      sorry  replacement fencing is not a wall nor never will be plus wheres the mexico payment promised  .
 lordcole51  harlessmary  francine00100  sandyyates  fjdinardo  jensheltonn wtf are you talking about  im a libera .
 seanhannity that s it       now back to mexico            for the fucking wall.
supercell  wall cloud on eastern slope of capulin volcano  new mexico  .
 ecuprofessor  texaspete224 we dont need to build a wall between us and mexico because of the cartels  and to impl .
fact check   if you are alive and have watched any news   true     anncoulter should have been president   lordstown .
 jim jordan how many days since trump promised mexico would pay for the wall .
i m very sorry for the position arizona  texas  amp  new mexico have been out into    wouldn t a wall 10 years ago have b .
 worriedfilmsorshows   once upon a time on the wall of mexico  .
 travofoz  berniesanders it has nothing to do with me  the public and congress will not pass a bill that requires a .
medicare for all is medical insurance for none  next the democratic socialists will build a wall so the us citizens .
 realdonaldtrfan trump  im proud  found a version of my wall  mexico finally pays for  .
if mexico was sweden  the dems would be all in for a wall.
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch finally  mexico decided to pay for the wall  .
 chucktodd  peterbakernyt i was not raised in either party  but he is a total embarrassment  narcissistic bully  90 .
we almost got them now  just a few more years of punishment  and trump will have success  another failed state  add .
 juliadavisnews  13dmatrix we almost got them now  just a few more years of punishment  and trump will have success .
 cvarner24  pastorlocke mexico will pay for the wall when i get my healthcare insurance back .
mexico cartel has pelosi and schumer in a chokehold       .
trump has done nothing  he is a weak loser  mexico will pay 4 wall  i will tweek  aca  it will be so ez  will only .
no wall they can build  episode 3  mexico  part i  the south .
 seattlesportspt  renato mariotti we did not know gop senators denied garland a hearing and a vote  we did  not kno .
 realdonaldtrump tell mexico to hurry up  amp  build your wall faster  .
 nowthisnews i remember when he boasted mexico would pay for the  great wall of stupidity  but that hasn t worked out either .
all they have to do is put the clown beto on a loop sayin hes cool with tearing down the existing barriers wall be .
dear democrat  leaders   we really want and need a wall   what don t you understand      300 asylum seekers surrender .
 travofoz  berniesanders the rest of the world doesnt have our political process and over 50 solid red states  it .
 buckbeavers  kaitmarieox the wall was supposed to be paid for by mexico which was another one of his lies but ok act blind.
im feeling homesick        we need to build a wall around new mexico  its very important to keep all the its not sm .
here fishy fishy fishy    old mexico pottery fish   vibrant red with floral and birds print hand painted pottery wall .
 c0lettea this is a joke right  your child chose to misuse drugs  do you really believe that fentanyl and other dru .
 realdonaldtrump you finally got mexico to pay for your wall  wow  congratulations    .
 sheriffclarke but mexico will pay billion  for an ego wall that does nothing .
 jamiestake  bbcworld  realdonaldtrump do you poke fun at the moronic idiot trump and his concrete wall that he has .
 observationdek  breitbartnews oh nowyou are excusing these criminals bet anything you are  californian  we should .
 julielsanchez  j rudkus  pattyarquette  realdonaldtrump  ilhanomar bwahahai get it  you don t care if he s a liar .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump so mexico is payn for the wall  and he did give the middle class the 10  tax cut .
 cjpowelllife  margiebjamrs5  joannalang17  realalitweets 2 2   govt will pay for   no ss medicare cuts   infrastruct .
crimethinc    podcasts   no wall they can build  episode 3   mexico  part i  the south .
 cannotrunfast  hank pannell  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile unlike you my problem is .
 realdonaldtrump call mexico  they are supposed to pay for the wall  remember  trumptard .
 repgosar  repgosar i m not a dem and i ask this sincerely      did the immigrants that are being released into our .
 dilenz2  cnn um because the president hiself says it he says he will build a wall and mexico will pay for it how d .
 realdonaldtrump trump claims his wall is being built  its just a replacement of old barriers  the president showc .
wall off mexico .
there is no new wall being built  mexico is not stopping the savages  no video of these things .
 coldan11  jackposobiec  oann here is an idea  we drop maga hats in mexico and the democrats will go nuts and have the wall built .
trump did not repeat his demand that mexico must pay for the wall  mr  kushner  people who work with him say  has .
 repmattgaetz its like you never knew this before  or could it be that you didnt care until trump showed up  buil .
a typographic jewel wall  mercado  artesania   jewelry  mexico  cdmx  typo  typography  design  capital  city .
no wall they can build  episode 3   mexico  part i  the south  .
 whatsth61068280  cashmoneyglock  michiganman567  scottsummersson  wolfnationalist i never thought mexico would pay .
 cierre   wall street cierra en rojo y el dow jones pierde un leve 0 01     .
 gop hyperbole much  mexico  any of them  are still not paying for the wall .
urban wall of a big city  cdmx  zonarosa  reforma  mexico  city  urban  wall  art  travel  grafitty  graphics .
 realdonaldtrump can i ask a question  i know your wall has nothing to do with me  because i live in england and i .
 quancyclayborne but yo  mention trump promising that mexico would pay for that wall  and watch out  they get all p .
 whitehouse what about coal  and is mexico paying for the wall .
 aoc you make no sense  if you are sincere you dont want children in cages  the easiest answer is to build the wal .
 aaronam69  realdonaldtrump for almost 4 years now  but what could i possibly know  right  he seems to think that t .
 debbielesko trump said mexico is paying for the wall   did we get the check yet    repandybiggsaz.
 chrisdelia tell them to build a wall round new mexico.
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump so i will remind you that he didnt get a wall that mexico pays for  didnt repeal .
mexico needs to tear down that ridiculous wall  what s americans major malfunction that they try to wall everything .
 realdonaldtrump pants on fire    mexico is paying for the wall  so why you begging for    .
 truefactsstated  mattgaetz  seen holding up a fence and thinks it s a wall      gopcomplicittraitors pretends to b .
 theunbornnovel  realdonaldtrump  foxnews like mexico is paying for the wall .
dear individual 1       democrats and republicans actually had an immigration deal last year    but you blocked it       wh .
 lrihendry  hank pannell  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile when is that check coming from mexico for the cost of the wall .
 realdonaldtrump better call mexico and get the wall money  clown .
the good people of mexico cross the river to work  the drug dealers use the tunnels underground  which a wall wont .
 realdonaldtrump maybe we can get democrats to support trumps stupid wall     each panel would have to be illustrate .
 seanhannity trump said mexico was paying for that wall   crickets.
although in  mexico beaches are free and open to everyone  a  homeowner and a  us couple have built a  fence and a .
build the wall  to keep the water from drowning our homes  and make  the oil companies that have ravaged the gulf o .
 dylanboston34  sydnikayyyy i know exactly what your saying   the girl said she deport her to the other side of the .
 gop trump promised he would       make mexico pay for his wall but it s us taxpayers who are paying      fix healthcare .
 baxbooksdeux i mean we elected the guy who said mexico will pay for the wall  that s the threshold for how realist .
 jonathanhand19  krassenstein is mexico paying for the wall  .
 sheriffclarke  briankolfage  webuildthewall1 your president said that mexico was going to build the wall grifter .
 realdonaldtrump america voted on the funds to build  your wall     they voted no   now here s a word you hate    y .
 billcassidy build the wall to keep the water from drowning south louisiana and make the gulf of mexico pay for it.
with murders up 33  in mexico  a hammock why wouldnt any sane person want to build a wall  construction has starte .
 donaldjtrumpjr  anncoulter like your daddy and the big beautiful wall mexico is paying for  2  years and nothing .
 katthehammer1  southernwayjim  bruce ballou  bullpup2a  1stubborngirl  r95buaccount  buzzman888  arizonakayte .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump yeah  like mexico paying for the wall  .
anti trump 2020    trump already be tryin to build a wall around mexico but i swear to god if he bans mexican food i .
 repjohnjoyce  repandybiggsaz trump said he did not need  to declare an emergency   therefore  theres no emergen .
 realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron dear france  trump can t get a wall built and have mexico pay for it  but he will .
 travisakers why don t we pretend that mexico pay for the wall it s already built and guess what there isn t any immigration problems.
 sammy4justice  boots jessie  repmattgaetz whos going to pay for the wall  mexico  promises made promises not kept .
 pastorlocke totally kept that promise about mexico paying for the wall  delusional people who believe the narrative that serves them best .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch thats a lot of spaghetti being thrown at that wall mexico was paying for  .
 boots jessie  sammy4justice  repmattgaetz but he said they would    if god sent us this president dont you think .
 jcs2700  nfl345  nfl  nflnetwork the mexican president will ask the american army to pay for it  since our preside .
 jesse5216  repandybiggsaz  tracy10743406 mexico is paying for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump you said mexico was paying for the wall  they are not so get over it  we can t pay for a wall like .
 joelcanojr why americans love getting high so much  if they build the wall their children will be risking their li .
 senfeinstein building a wall  most opioids come through mexico .
 sig45mike  jeremyrjenkins  erotao  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump trump has been deceiving you for the past two ye .
im sorry your daughter was stupid enough to use a drug that is known to kill people  but majority of drugs from me .
 politico  unlike the  doj and  fbi which have powerful and long held traditions of independence from  whitehouse c .
top 10 trump lies      1  no obstruction    2  no collusion    3  witch hunt   4  mexico will pay for wall   5  windmills cause .
 ayoitzerika  kaylavold yo it was your daughters choice to bang or sniff whatever bag of shit dope she died from  i .
 c0lettea i understand you  fuck the people that sling that shit  help the people who use it to stop  but buying in .
 gop if it was a crisis  why didn t republicans pass a wall funding bill when trump couldn t get a dime out of mexico .
 berniesanders easy one    1 build a wall   2 while waiting for their case they wait in mexico   3 or we send them to sanctuary cities.
 annvandersteel declare cartels terror organizations  build the steel slat wall  build a 30 ft concrete wall  also  .
lemme break it down for yall  if a family members dies of an overdose over a drug you presume came from mexico    .
 c0lettea a wall wont do anything there already is one  secondly the problem exists everywhere across the world  i .
 maggiebund3  chuckwoolery he also said that mexico was paying for a wall   is that gone now .
that wall is supposed to be on the border with mexico    how you gonna deport a somali american to mexico  and she .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn trump hasn t built a wall between mexico and the us  you really think he s gonna build one be .
 thebrownconser1  liserg14  ewiehler  dicey63  drewgrey  kamalaharris it s kinda crazy how you continue to support .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump didn t beat mexico paying  for the wall  didn t beat the russians for using him as .
 realdonaldtrump here s a plan   trump declares for open borders   democrats   opposed to everything trump does   p .
hearing that people in mexico are stealing the barbed wire from the border wall is the best thing that has happened .
mural  hombre    proyecto murales      gran om  amp  co    cdmx  2019      contacto comisiones y encargos     .
wtaf is going on in the world  we have to stop this  or just wait till theyre all there and build a big wall around .
the wall  interactive map exploring u s  mexico border .
 cnn i wouldn t take his advice   trump promised mexico would pay for the wall .
 c0lettea sorry for your lose but almost all production of fentanyl is made in asia  yes maybe some is trafficked t .
    justyce     trump454545  dhsgov i thought i was told  his lips to my ears  that mexico was going to pay for the .
 dailyhivevan bwahahah   re pay   mexico is paying back that wall too  no .
 repandybiggsaz trump said he did not need  to declare an emergency   therefore  there is no emergency   mexico i .
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump in the months that followed  the cbp said it has replaced about 14 miles of scrap .
 i  poet  spencerfernando well  it is why some of us want a wall   i believe someone 100 000 people crossed last mo .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall   .
 omairmusic  realdonaldtrump in the months that followed  the cbp said it has replaced about 14 miles of scrap meta .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump in the months that followed  the cbp said it has replaced about 14 miles of scrap me .
 realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron wgaf  i dont need to know every detail about  realdonaldtrump why dont you get o .
 realjameswoods  get outa here and your president folded when the mexico wouldn t pay for the wall  so now he is ma .
 liserg14  gabet55124034  ewiehler  dicey63  drewgrey  kamalaharris and the wall is being built  without a peso fro .
nancy pelosi said walls are inmoral but she has one around her house she voted to help approve  700 million to mexi .
 sograns  stellalesher  kellymi30294817  luczazander  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump you mean like mexico paying for t .
 gavinsoileau  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron right  how about the healthcare promise  nah  mexico p .
 tekhnoxic  washingtonpost awww   poor little alt righter is afraid of brown people so has to reinvent the law and .
 thewallgoinup  callie11913  waywardwinifred  shaunking excuses and lies   you mean like mexico paying for a border wall .
 donaldjtrumpjr  wildroarmarissa when is mexico paying for that wall again  oh yeah  payment got dumped on the back .
 sianoresist i think almost anyone could do this but they lack the courage to go there  every time trump lies he .
armed civilians  members of an organized militia  wearing tactical gear and carrying rifles have set up camp at the .
expose the waste in building walls between people by supporting the  cheesewall at the u s  mexico border  .
 jesscuhking   hotkenny ok but listen you think all the drugs that are currently in the us are imported from mexico .
 whitehouse     oh  don t forget trump was going to have mexico build the wall  and  he was going to have less expensive medical care     .
ms 13 deported back to  mexico         build the wall  taller and stronger .
 liserg14  gabet55124034  ewiehler  dicey63  drewgrey  kamalaharris i dont think mexico was ever going to pay for .
no wall they can build  episode 3   mexico  part i  the south .
 travisakers was he drunk   thank goodness that wall was there for him to lean against   he may have fallen into mexico .
 bruinbrian82  charliekirk11 that is what trump said  mexico is paying then he back tracked  tariffs and taxes on i .
hate to break it to people but fentanyl can be found in hospitals everywhere  its not an export from mexico and dr .
 bruinbrian82  charliekirk11 how is mexico s wall working   must not be .
fuck trump and fuck that wall but calling deceased loved ones crackheads to grieving families wont change their mi .
no wall they can build  episode 3   mexico  part i  the south .
 realdonaldtrump did mxico pay imaginary money to build sections of imaginary wall .
 captrubex  charliekirk11 and when an illegal crosses a river or a 6ft chain link fence  not that difficult   a 30f .
no wall they can build  episode 3   mexico  part i  the south .
men and women he contracted in his business  often suing rather than paying  but oh no things will be different  th .
trump offers pope francis  macron us help with notre dame  the moron in chief should stay fo .
 jackieegee  chiefriddim  vibewithdaisy  c0lettea mexicans don t have a right to our country and the cartels don t .
 larryelder and there will be a beautiful wall built around paid for by   mexico .
 bruinbrian82  charliekirk11 a wall does not fix this  besides there are many ways to get into this country  most i .
 realdonaldtrump please consider  have 49 states vote on excluding california from the union  make cali it s own co .
hopefully that wall also prevents the firearm smuggling from us to mexico  you know  the same guns drug cartels use .
 lizzdregne  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron it s in the gutter  right alongside  mexico will pay for .
 monssies8 my doctor gave my fentanyl when i broke my hand    pretty sure he was from clovis and not mexico  a wall .
 realdonaldtrump america pays for the wall  thieves mock trump by stealing border razor wire   .
i just want to let u know 90 of all drugs that come in from mexico come in thru legal ports of entry building a wal .
 trumprocks4u  kymg2016  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump no i made the case that you and your president said the reason .
 ingrahamangle here is a thought  congress will not find a wall on our southern border  what about funding a wall o .
terrible      the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  bird .
 ndr69424529  sylviaakabibi  ninaburleigh  repadamschiff  realdonaldtrump let s just say he s fighting awfully hard .
wow to think our president made people think south america and every other country are mexican countries   thinki .
are you flipping kidding me  i didn t want him to do any of this but lock her up promise not kept don t want her lo .
 jamiedelreyy  hatefakenews  barrueche   c0lettea its 1 thing to address the cartels  amp  drug problem  amp  its another .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse quit worrying mexico will pay for the wall.
 kayajones  realdonaldtrump as you insult our president that is trying to protect united states  remember how japan .
 okiewade  williesband  starcreativei no  remembering      pussygrabbing      mexico will pay for a wall      trump s love lett .
 cheyycanoo yeah it comes from china  sometimes they send it to mexico and it gets brought in through legal ports o .
quick question since  ilhanmn was born in somalia are you implying we build a wall in the atlantic ocean separatin .
 demslayer13  gregnorberg hahahahahahahahahahahaha              fat chance lil fella  try again      .
 ipradeepraturi  realdonaldtrump  pontifex chowkidar  those gullible and full of hate needs somewhere to yell lock .
 tonytiger75  realdonaldtrump when p r  was devastated by hurricane  trump did nothing and he is cic of fema  he wa .
 realdonaldtrump why will it get worse if the wall is being built  when is the check coming from mexico .
yes  online sports book  bovadalv has just posted mexico wall odds    .
the united states government has begun clearing strips of land inside wildlife refuges for endangered animals  bird .
 nro we should build a wall around the word crisis and have mexico pay for it .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex but you campaigned to pay for the wall with your expertise and   and you changed your mi .
 rangers reborn a wall isnt going to change shit  immigrants will continue to come into the country  funny how u th .
 realdonaldtrump putin lackey  please provide clear evidence of where the bogus wall is being built  is mexico payi .
people from other countries  oh where you from       me  mxico      people  oh so you speak mexican   trumps wall  tacos .
 ready 4 winter  calijobguy  charliekirk11 mexico is not paying for the wall  he said that they wouldn t touch medi .
the fact that she did it herself doesnt make it any less heartbreaking  a young life was lost  amp  she didnt deserve .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  .
 myeucatastrophe  mnnurse10  ange amene  mattmurph24 no those things are not the same  the border wall between the .
if your daughter was doing fentanyl  i think a wall between mexico  amp  the us is the last of your problems  .
 lisa05481379  lindadorr16  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler lisa .
 marqedwin27  mnnurse10  ange amene  mattmurph24 i dont think that  but i dont think he has any idea how to get a .
 jamarispeaks she was quick to bring in mexico and the wall   the thing is fentanyl comes from china  not mexic .
 c0lettea don t blame mexico for your own child s addiction problems  building a wall is not going to keep cartels .
 realdonaldtrump for as long as you have been claiming sections of that wall were being built it should be done  wh .
 realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron you can t even build a wall and now you want to help with notre dame  are you goin .
 hatefakenews  jamiedelreyy  barrueche   c0lettea thats like blaming an alcohol manufacturer for someone dying in .
 ionblasters  ezraklein this looks like a pretty good example of how  berniesanders has adopted the  mexico will pa .
 beltel what like the wall trump is building with mexico  go home.
 cherubdoii lets not forget that she also said we need to build a wall and send ilhan omar to the other side  bish .
the wall is for mexico not over seas  stupid  .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump  scared that bernie or biden  beats you in 2020  dude  you cant run on america f .
perhaps flying water tankers would have knocked the cathedral s stone walls down  perhaps  realdonaldtrump should i .
good then bus them to mexico    build the wall enforce the law and deport them all   .
news alert       8 800  migrants violently moving thru mexico on way to us border  the wall is being built and migrants .
pbs video on tohono o odham and the us mexico border  via  change  msw52102.
our sovereign nations need our help to increase political awareness on the us mexico border   nowall  tohonooodham .
 jai llgh  ayoitzerika there is a fentanyl problem  manufacturers are most definitely to blame  all she had to say .
just like he said mexico would pay for his wall  .
hey do yall remember when mexico had control of texas and they tried to build a wall to keep americans out lololol.
 3ron33 trump has effectively shut down the legal points of entry   if mexico wont pay for the wall theyll pay fo .
 benspolitics  sethabramson the majority rules in a true democracy  your boy trump said he d get rid of the elector .
 realdonaldtrump sir    with respect  no section of the wall has been built yet  you cannot take credit for repairi .
 thehill maybe the white house could offer assistance to build the wall for mexico too       the  realdonaldtrump shoul .
 realdonaldtrump i m glad mexico is paying for the wall  thank you for the win  .
i also understand most comes from china to mexico  amp  is then smuggled to the states    but the wall will not stop dr .
 thom hartmann acting deputy shanahan has moved forward without congressional approval  to start building 57 miles .
 thomdunn why cant we attach the solar and wind devices to the wall  get a twofer  we can even partner with mexico .
 crawfordstuff  senatorshoshana new mexico is the heaviest taker state  so surprise  were all paying for this wall too.
 oregonjobs2 just easy target  but clearly the people that voted for him dont care about scandals  but when you ta .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex i m surprised you didn t offer your services because nobody knows or does renovation bet .
 senatorshoshana we re gonna build a wall  and new mexico is going to pay for it .
did you know that if trump gets his wall he will hand significant american territory to mexico  he will have lost m .
 alphaohpatriot  breitbartnews  repmattgaetz  1 rather than dodging around trumps multiple assurances that mexico i .
we need to cut all foreign aid and divert that money to securing our borders   especially mexico and central americ .
 thatsjacqueline how about somewhere closer   like mexico for instance   then build the wall .
 fnicholasr  thomaspearc3120  mattrellen  shaun girk  black is back5  sconsyhammer  trumpcrazytrain  armondoyou2 .
 c0lettea fentanyl also comes from canada and china  and a wall will not stop any of the drugs that come from mexic .
 mexico  amp  us is paying for there wall     got it    .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn the other side of the wall is mexico   ilhanmn is not from mexico   .
 mrgarrettscott  latimes  doylemcmanus build the wall and mexico and is gonna pay for it does not qualify as detailed  its hot garbage.
its mexicos fault that her crack head daughter overdosed on crack lol she supports building a wall based on that .
help support the tohono o odham nation   msw52101 pbs video on tohono o odham and the us mexico border  via  change.
mayor of yuma az  declares emergency   illegal immigrants flooding the town by the thousands  there is  no wall  at .
 realdonaldtrump i will build a wall and mexico will pay for it .
 charliekirk11  aoc trump promised he would       make mexico pay for his wall   but it s u s  taxpayers who are instea .
 realdonaldtrump shut up don     you ve literally golfed and vacationed more than any potus in history  maybe you s .
 realdonaldtrump republican can stay at home  cos they couldn t run a fucking bath       also   change the immigration .
 therealtbone  dloesch  repswalwell 60 doctors and pharmacists were just indicted in pushing opioids and health car .
 grayzoneproject  csis  maxblumenthal trump nobody believes it is enough to see how a society allows you in the 21s .
the veto was the second of his presidency  after he overrode a congressional resolution that aimed to reverse the b .
 yayitaxx  el clamor est mal direccionado  el build the wall le da un carcter poltico   tambin el trfico de fe .
 gop republicans do not want to fix the border or immigration       2 years of gop control  they didn t even try to pas .
 realdonaldtrump you did nothing with this in the two years you had control  now its the dems fault   also  if mex .
 lizcabrera55  richard4m  jtblogs  berniesanders  realdonaldtrump ted cruz has a proposal in  thesenate  to do exac .
 voicestanding  blondie patriot there s a gate between mexico and the us you can wall through  if you have difficul .
 camyx1raygun  lifes good 2017  benshapiro  realdonaldtrump  sengillibrand uh huh  so how is that 100  mexico funde .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex did you call mexico  where are the pesos for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall.
 gop man  then i hope trump gets mexico to send us that check to pay for the wall .
 charliekirk11 mexico did a phenomenal job by not building that imaginary wall .
 zstoltenburg its not a matter of truth hurting  initially the president said  mexico is paying for the wall  he d .
 c0lettea i guess well ignore how she willingly took drugs or how much of the drugs that come up from mexico come .
i cant believe that mom tried to blame mexican drug cartels for her daughters overdose as an excuse to build the w .
 realdonaldtrump not quite true   lets see the report and the shady tax returns you said you would show  mexico wi .
but i thought this all came from mexico and we needed a wall        .
 sammy4justice  johnduf01434346  repmattgaetz try and keep up        .
theres more drugs coming from china than there are from mexico  building a wall is not going to do much for the dr .
 sammy4justice  johnduf01434346  repmattgaetz keep drinking that orange kool aid      .
 stclairashley video games and soy  what s laughable about you  you call yourself a hot trump supporter  during the .
 lexisjlizard  sunrickbell trump told the voters that mexico was going to pay for the wall  when they found out tha .
 camyx1raygun  lifes good 2017  benshapiro  realdonaldtrump  sengillibrand how is the 100  mexico funded wall coming.
in mexico no 2 or 3  not sure  the new one across the road from the one with the great imaginary wall .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch why did he win then  you all act like he was robbed and the grievan .
 realdonaldtrump i haven t seen any pictures of the solar power generating wall like you promised   is mexico writi .
the wall is for the mexico america border and ilhan omar is from somalia   geography is important kids .
 realdonaldtrump this is what marshall law is for   use it or it s another empty threat  example  we ll close the b .
the trump  plan  has yet again led to disaster   remember when a wall would fix immigration and mexico would pay fo .
who knew  mexico is indeed sending us their best  or  at least 31 of their doctors  7 of their pharmacists  and 8 o .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  sencorygardner  speakerpelosi  sencorygardner  repkinzinger .
 kylegriffin1 isn t the fundamental flaw that mexico isn t going to pay for a shiny new wall   i mean i was told th .
she not even from mexico and she talking about deporting her to the other side  this just prove the wall just built .
its time every company realizes what its going to cost them financially  doing  business with mexico if they dont .
 washingtonpost oh goodness  canada is going to get us to pay for their southern border wall just like trump though .
how heroin and fentanyl get into philadelphia  and why a border wall likely wouldnt stop them    realdonaldtrump  .
 butchotey  frankd de  repswalwell and what has a house that was just elected done  1 stopped a demogogue from push .
 rednationrising  usa should nationalize the colorado river   and the rio grande   and claim it as us territory bec .
the wall is a boarder between mexico and the u s  and racist ppl love using the wall when referring to all races .
the majority of the food produced in the us is dairy  amp  meat products  but the majority of our fruits  vegetables  e .
 cnn that s cool  now do something for the nation who has gave u the opportunity to become so rich  donate to the usa  mexico border wall .
 piersmorgan  realdonaldtrump sod the mexico wall  build one round these people mate  cheers mate .
i m sorry if she made that choice to take drugs or do what she did    it is clearly not mexico s fault so building .
 kamalah daniels  therightmelissa  realcandaceo  seanhannity i gotta ask do you believe trump is building a wall  n .
 realdonaldtrump stop with the lying  no wall has been built   the only time i want to hear about the wall is when .
 secpompeo is jumping to mexico harried with the wall  .
 thehill trump  quick  200 more crooked cop  hilary   obama did it shouts for the trumpsters  sell more fools coal  .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
nearly useless factoid for the day   banging your head against a wall uses approximately 150 calories an hour  ther .
wall street abre al alza por resultados positivos de jpmorgan y la compra de anadarko petroleum por parte de chevro .
bad food  broken down trucks  what its like to be a u s  soldier on the mexico border   the new york times      based .
 realdonaldtrump you took an oath to uphold the constitution where only congress can appropriate money  yet  you ve .
 c0lettea family and themselves  even if there is a wall built  there are still going to be drugs inside and brough .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall         you were absolutely guilty of obstruction and collusion  if you .
 c0lettea  sabrinapls then why build the wall if you have nothing against the good people of mexico.
if a democrat were to win the 2020 presidential election  do you think they will keep the wall at the mexico us border .
last time i checked the other side of the wall would be mexico  not somalia but go off dumb bitch .
 realdonaldtrump no   wrong   lie   mexico isnt paying for the wall like you said and why should congress come bac .
 chiefs fun fact  the mexico city stadium where this game will be played has a giant wall around it       .
 realdonaldtrump lets make a list of the campaign promises that you didn t fulfill  did you fix north korea  no  di .
 salas  10  connorrhia lohan omar isn t from mexico     wtf  is  the wall  going around all of america  is it a dom .
real work in progress  realdonaldtrump   maybe you can get mexico to build the wall  yes  .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump no hurry because we have been 100  assured by president trump that mexico will pay f .
 sconsyhammer  thomaspearc3120  trumpcrazytrain  armondoyou2  gregthedoughboy  kmillercc  jandrhendricks .
 realdonaldtrump keep telling your supporters about the invisible wall  eventually  theyll realize youve been lyi .
by the time hes through with them trumpkins will believe there are large sections of invisible wall along the us m .
 thehill trump s nothing but a empty glass of water with stain written  racist gop flagship        don t see any self r .
 cameron kasky everyone knows that mexico is going to pay for notre dame s rebuilding   just like mexico paid for t .
 c0lettea first id like to say i am sorry for your loss  drug addiction is a horrible disease  however  there are .
bad ratings  cnn  amp   msnbc is not reporting that any money spent  for the sake if speed  on building the great wall  .
 stop trump20  cherokee autumn if he ever gets his wall i m going to go to mexico and sell aluminium ladders .
 nyhammond i guess thats like promising to build a wall with mexicos money   never was gonna happen .
 danktastrophe  my kid knowingly used heroin made in afghanistan    it was unknowingly cut with fentanyl made in chin .
 thomaspearc3120  trumpcrazytrain  armondoyou2  gregthedoughboy  kmillercc  jandrhendricks  fnicholasr .
 amp  70 thousand lives annually  now compare this to the efforts behind the wall mexico isn t paying for and will neve .
i keep seeing people saying trumps wall will stop drugs coming into america from mexico  do y all realise the cia have planes  .
 realdonaldtrump u said mexico was paying for ur wall  u also nearly took away my health care  i worry our food and .
 beebee5959  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch you mean you have never watched don the .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  fredfleitz  edrollins  gen jackkeane  charleshurt  kayleighmcenany thats right if mexi .
does she know the wall is going up at the mexican boarder and that she wants someone whos islamic and not from mex .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn we should build a wall and throw your sorry ass over it  you cant sit here and say you were .
the argument of saying that the wall will stop cartels from coming over from mexico is like saying gun control laws .
the only wall built by democrats is the one that divided the us   president trump built a wall to divide mexico fro .
 rickyisms   leighlike1234 but  but  but  but  he needs money for his wall that mexico is not paying for  .
drugs are being filtered from venezuela via mexico  that is well known and well documented and highly approved by t .
 tsamspeedy  georgebushttv  rhonda harbison  douche mcgraw  emmya2 well  we all know he doesn t live by the non exi .
 rickys01192743  mike pence  realdonaldtrump i will pray for you  djt is born again  mexico is contributing to the .
 realdonaldtrump who s gonna pay for a wall      you promised mexico would send money to pay for a wall  now americ .
he should build a wall around nyc  ask pelosi to appropriate funds for it  diblasio  we know she will do the right .
 dearauntcrabby  cathyc sb  realdonaldtrump just like trump lied about mexico paying for his useless wall .
 hobetnvarsity the trump administration had control of the wh  senate and house and did not get comprehensive immig .
 realdonaldtrump no  they don t have to do anything you say  get the republicans back from their vacations and figu .
 michaelfsantoro  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile i like the hashtag  when is mexico p .
record crime in mexico  8500 homicides in first quarter of 2019  prepper life style    that s .
 valeriaa182 you are not getting the america experience in florida  you need to go elsewhere  florida was a mistake .
 carriegardner04  realdonaldtrump right  so mexicos paying for a non existent wall .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz speaking of the colorado river  does trump plan to invade mexico to build the wall o .
mexico didnt make your daughter do those drugs    and if we put a wall in the way of that transaction  your family .
first of all she s not from mexico you goddamn dummy and second of all shut the fuck up  here you are tweeting usel .
 realdonaldtrump spending megabillions on a wall is not going to address visa overstays the reason the majority of .
 realdonaldtrump trump lies about everything  no wall is being built  mexico will not pay for wall   gop is the par .
 annettegh86  anncoulter is the wall not being built  is mexico now stopping for immigrants because his threat to c .
do you need to go back to geography class or something sis  because the other side of the wall would be mexico .
 alphaohpatriot  breitbartnews  repmattgaetz  1 50 he says to hannity that mexico may wrote a check .
 realdonaldtrump interesting how the wall we needed to elect trump  to get mexico to pay for  which he shut down th .
 nyasiarivera she really said build a wall and said an indian woman to mexico  she stoopid  if you gonna be all f .
 mexico will pay for the wall        now where if i heard that bullshit before  oh yeah  the dotard in chief       shut up .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile guy who wants to build a wall across 2 thousand miles of .
 davidhichan3  jkylebass  realdonaldtrump  aoc since trump lied about mexico paying for a wall you re consigned to .
 armondoyou2  trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  kmillercc  jandrhendricks  fnicholasr  takeastandleav1  luvmypittys .
 zstoltenburg  zieglermike  realdonaldtrump there has been 0 changes to nafta since it was ratified on january 1  1 .
 gdeschaine3  seanhannity  andrewcmccarthy  kimstrassel  saracarterdc youre clueless   the mueller investigation e .
 lawrence and mexico is paying for wall .
 realdonaldtrump i was expecting mexico to pay for the wall not my tax money .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump who is lying again  seems that u  your brother   amp  those mindless zombie democrats wh .
 realdonaldtrump dodger don should rise and get mexico to pay for the wall   instead of tricking american taxpayers .
 c0lettea first of all china and mexico makes fentanyl  but you decided to only speak on mexico  amp  the stereotypical .
 apertura   wall street abre en terreno mixto y el dow jones baja un 0 02     .
 robin of aniara  zieglermike  realdonaldtrump a modernized nafta could potentially grow the economy and increase o .
 davidcorndc trump campaigned on cheaper better healthcare for everyone  fund managers paying more in taxes  mexico .
 phystar  briking1970  csmay144k  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods i guess that you donime him  lol  you are beating a d .
 cycling1339  realdonaldtrump are you at the wall  every single portion  are you in texas california new mexico or .
 uncle jimbo trump campaigned on cheaper better healthcare for everyone  fund managers paying more in taxes  mexico .
 uncle jimbo also         im going to build a wall and mexico will pay for it      its been 3 years  had all 3 branches .
 cspanwj mexico must pay for the wall.
 anncoulter anything short of a wall built of gatling guns facing mexico will satisfy ann these days  .
 rockstarrealtr  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump  saraashcraft man  realdonaldtrump is not innocent hes not going .
 realdonaldtrump   realdonaldtrump       0 new miles with any of the failed prototypes you wasted taxpayer money on       0 .
 cnn so you are saying trump s phony wall that mexico didn t pay for  kidnapping of children  and trump s weaponiza .
 realdonaldtrump  wedontbelieveyou the border patrol is doing the same great job that they have always done  which .
 realdonaldtrump what i want to know is when are you gonna fulfill your campaign promises to bring home the troops  .
thank you mr  mexico will pay for the wall  president   .
 realdonaldtrump chill   i have it on good  lt cough gt  authority that mexico will pay for the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump batshit crazy grandpa screams about his racist wall that is being built  already built and mexico paid for it .
 sallan3  spchisntfree are you that delusional you don t believe there are plans for a border wall  micro  amp  macro e .
 cindyinchicago  helenhs it s brutal  video of trump disparaging mccain s captivity  mocking the disable reporter  .
 lisalkp4141  judy shwabe  realdonaldtrump and what promises are those   building his faux border wall    whens mexico paying for it toots .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse use your magic wand  didnt work when when you had majority in both houses and ha .
 realdonaldtrump get the illegals the hell out of our country  where are the border patrol  where is mexico s pres  .
 anncoulter would this be the wall paid for by mexico  the unbuilt one .
 realdonaldtrump you re already moving the border with your wall  you are ceding 100 000 s of acres of land back to .
 cvpayne trump had promised after that audit  years ago that he would release his tax returns  like mexico will pay .
 charliekirk11  5 billion in free media  for getting coverage every time he said something crazy   name recognition .
 breitbartnews  repmattgaetz mexico is going to pay for the wall  your friend donald trump said so .
cocaine is pouring out of venezuela into honduras and mexico for transport into us across our southern border    amou .
 zstoltenburg  zieglermike  realdonaldtrump usmca has not yet been passed in congress and it likely won t be        but .
 acnewsitics mexico  is gonna pay for the wall people   .
 uncle jimbo mexico paying for the wall  releasing his taxes if elected  lowering drug prices  healthcare for every .
 mexico will pay for the wall      believe me     how about fuck you con man .
 c0lettea fentanyl is manufactured in china  why do people try to blame mexico for everything  a wall wouldnt stop a cartel anyway .
if i will make mexico pay for a great  great wall  he made a disgrace .
 realdonaldtrump arent the  republicans on vacation too  or are they in mexico picking up the check for your wall .
 realdonaldtrump if big sections of the wall are being built now  whatre you bitching for  isnt the wall the only .
 realdonaldtrump everyone is so tired of your obsession with the wall      you promised mexico would pay for the wall .
 uncle jimbo mexico paying for that wall .
 davidcorndc but  in a fun twist of fate  it seems mexicans are building walls  and america is paying for it  well .
 davidcorndc enjoy your tax cut   enjoy the death of  isis    enjoy the end of the  irandeal    amp  yes .
   it didn t come from mexico  a wall won t stop it  the drug problem is in the house  deal with it .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz now if you could sell california to mexico  amp  minnesota to canada to fund  and extend the wall .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump .
i will build the wall and mexico will pay for it  .
 realdonaldtrump by wall you mean fence  climeable with a rope and grappling hook   that sort of wall  have you got .
 geografoandaluz  charliekirk11 con man    hes only completed every single campaign promise he made  and if the .
 realdonaldtrump correction   big sections being renovated   not new sections      trump  who s going to pay for the wa .
 realdonaldtrump serious question  why do you need to counter a report that totally exonerates you       btw  you promi .
 wazinoz  realdonaldtrump department of homeland security has started border wall projects  in these locations  the .
 zstoltenburg  realdonaldtrump also im not an attorney  so im asking genuinely  what law does america have to for .
 bolanlecole they want to be like usa but refuse to learn from the usa      trump is following up on his campaign promi .
 realdonaldtrump wow    big sections being built   and paid by mexico right       can we see some photos of this great .
he is building the wall at mexicos border     she is from somalia     which is on the other side of the world    .
 realdonaldtrump is the wall still not finished  lol       source from mexico said   there were no pesos for the wall   .
mexico  canada and the wall .
not one feet of concrete wall had been built      trump promised a concrete wall with a beautiful door and that .
 realdonaldtrump build that fukin wall and send the invoice ee os to mexico    maga2020  borderpatrol .
 palabrafooo  vibewithdaisy bc the cartel isnt just in mexico its everywhere   she didnt need to include the me .
if you are going to spend time out of district making videos  how about making some about the situation in mexico b .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews putin stooge  you lost the popular vote by about 3 million  and mexico isnt paying for y .
everyone with a brain knows that fentanyl really do mostly come from mexico ion support no wall and i definitely do .
 realdonaldtrump if youd had responsible oversight committees your first 2 yrs  congress wouldnt be so busy perfo .
 rhythm al  kylegriffin1 and your point is  the president of the united states of america has closed door meetings .
 camrryyyn it comes from mexico as well however build a wall or not  they got tunnels i mean thousands of them .
 briking1970  90daypool  csmay144k  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods in short mexico  havent and will not be paying for .
the wall  which just blocks americans  keeps mexico safe  listen  mexicans  don t let canadians and americans run t .
 shuggie1965  realdonaldtrump he never once said mexico was sending a check  its being paid indirectly by nafta or .
 zieglermike  realdonaldtrump theyre indirectly paying for the wall through nafta  usmca  thats been a known fact .
 repandybiggsaz you have no business going to the border  its not your district     trump said he did not need to .
 rb4444 democrats owe her family a formal apology on live tv for their open border insanity  mexico is the gateway .
 c0lettea  deezyj  darinangel  antique4unique cartels use airplanes  the fuck is a little wall gonna do  fact of th .
 cnnpolitics you all socialists  shod be caring more for the southern border invasion happening as we speak     accor .
 thehill let mexico pay for it    take it out of the wall funds .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn but the wall is for mexico  shes from somalia .
 realdonaldtrump show us some pictures of new wall being built  why do we need a wall now since you said mexico was .
 gw92008  chuckcallesto how about starting the wall between the us and california then give california back to mexi .
 its unbelievable what a liar  trump is with his claim wall is being build  that man has not one honest bone in him  .
 realdonaldtrump big section of the wall being paid you say      what about saying who is paying for that new section certainly not mexico.
 realdonaldtrump no wall is being build  stop lying   for gods sake .
personally i would rather build a wall and keep them out   i would sent  pelosi and  schumer to  mexico to make sur .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews were they on the roof dancing  you should send you pi to hawaii to find out why they like .
yep san jose is a communist city that hates the american flag  i say we sell california back to mexico for  1 and b .
 realdonaldtrump whats the hold up on that wall     u already lied and said mexico was gonna pay for it  now im s .
 realdonaldtrump why do you keep lying about the wall  all you ve done is fix existing fence  you put a plaque  tha .
 johnnyaz12  cher immigration is just a part of the many things that need fixing   trump making campaign promise th .
 realdonaldtrump  on day one of my administration  i will build a wall and mexico is going to pay for it     to date .
 realdonaldtrump the wall is not being built   mexico is not paying for it   there is no crisis    .
 dirtywok1  hecallsmeojotes  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn well maybe just because she told a former muslim refugee that she .
 saracarterdc  cityofyuma this is all trump s fault   he should have built an  immigrant city  instead of a wall    .
 realdonaldtrump why must just the democrats return   isnt your wall suppose to solve all immigration problems   a .
 washingtonpost phony asylum seekers are hurting the few true cases   mexico s not going to like it if tariffs are .
 spchisntfree ok  show me the plans for this wall  how much will it cost us since it is clear mexico won t pay  pro .
 going back down to border tecate mexico  unitedstates  cheese wall continue  installation  project  artist cosimoc .
 realdonaldtrump what about republicans  are they sitting there waiting for the dems       no  they re on vacations too .
 realdonaldtrump big sections   i love the detail   are they great big sections   or tremendously big sections      .
 realdonaldtrump are you constipated this morning  im told snorting large amounts of adderall will do that  you mi .
 senblumenthal omg  they r making this so much worse    that was the plan all along though  create a crisis 2 get th .
well people broke the gates going into mexico  so your wall isnt going to do much  we need something more sophisti .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz what s you plan now chief    divert the colorado river to run along the az nm border w .
 c0lettea ok but your own daughter chose to take them and its not just in mexico if you think about it all the dru .
 realdonaldtrump when will u be returning from your two year vacation   please detail the exact location  of the br .
ffs      this is happening on europe s border       the  correct  outrage over trump s treatment of migrants in mexico  and .
 realdonaldtrump wait    you said only you can fix this    and mexico will pay for the wall lol.
 realdonaldtrump diverting to border again    boring      has mexico agreed to pay for wall yet .
 realdonaldtrump if theyre on vacation in mexico will they be able to get back home to dc over the massive great big wall   .
 mattgaetz as long as you   realdonaldtrump  mikey  vp   senatemajldr    lindseygrahamsc and a couple of others are .
 realdonaldtrump is mexico paying for that wall yet .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall     donald j  trump.
 jamesforpeace  michaeldweiss maybe when you ve seen an uncle and nephew sitting against a wall  the nephew watchin .
 realdonaldtrump how ironic that pinocchio trump is boosting when he has lied to the american people more than any .
 missingmichiga1  kamalaharris nafta deal ensures mexico will be paying into the wall  the benefit to america will .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch youre still were not exonerated  or in your mind is it like mexico will pay .
 johnduf01434346  repmattgaetz nobody said they would be sending payments  mexico is paying for the wall  the new n .
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon     just listed  mexico 2019 12 x 12 inch monthly square wall cal .
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon     just listed  la virgen de guadalupe 2019 12 x 12 inch monthly .
the wall   is by mexico     ilhan omar   isnt from mexico     .
so why isnt liar trump speaking about building a bigger wall to block the massive cocaine deliveries via plane fro .
note  people ask why hororwits  amp  huber so quiet   mr barr what will he do   whitaker went to el chop trail met with .
me  build the wall    also me  ill take 2 tickets to cancun please                  drone  aerial  mexico  travel  hotel .
 mrnashvilletalk  djjulia  cher israel has armed guards along their wall  and how s mexico s wall working .
trump does not send military to  border and army corp of engineers and build wall and semd all refugees back to mexico he must resign.
 eestiboo  pink about it  number1buck its been being reparaired  and now contracts have been issued by the governm .
 missfuteya say it to trump who builds a wall on the border of mexico     notre dame is a much better cause to spend money i think   .
 donaldjtrumpjr says the moron of the son who said mexico is paying for the wall    priceless .
it is another in an endless string of attempts to deter asylum seekers  metering  the wall  remain in mexico  famil .
 jjjigg  praetorian782  sjordans14  aoc that s the issues he doesn t have facts  they start with a grain of truth  .
  sassyfinesse when dylan roof shot up the black church  this white kid i know from high school said that its real .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 patriots truth  realdonaldtrump  foxnews promise mexico would pay for the wall  taxes would be lowered  we d have .
 cancer libs  usatoday well the  potus does love himself some wikileaks  said so himself  still waiting for those t .
 realdonaldtrump 2016 trump promises      low cost healthcare covering pre existing conditions for everyone    lower defi .
 realdonaldtrump why is mexico continuing to allow south americans to enter and traverse through their country to t .
 gazd83 maybe a wall in mexico  or new players for man u   notsoworthycauses.
 sleeplessinteh  realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump tax returns  healthcare reform  a wall built by mexico   constant .
 archv1le  rayhend28559417  donaldjtrumpjr  cher no we don t need actions  we need common sense solutions  dropping .
 charliekirk11 dont forget the kids in cages and mexico paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump trump lies mexico pays for the wall and bankrupting the government evil  .
last month  trump issued his first veto against a congress led block of his emergency declaration to find funding f .
 dog23big  tim orourke  krassenstein  potus what has trump done so far to make america great again  he failed to bu .
 c0lettea building the wall isnt going to keep drug addicts from buying drugs     theyll always find another sour .
mexico is literally stealing the wall  .
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump poor america under a loose cannon named dj trump    jim mattis  resignation was a stu .
 donaldjtrumpjr you mean like how mexico paid for your wall .
 seanhannity the alternative is no healthcare  no infrastructure  a useless wall that mexico was supposed to pay fo .
 seanhannity        i will build a great wall  and nobody builds walls better than me  believe me  and ill bui .
 fraser anning build the wall  stop the caravans  mexico will pay .
 sagarikaghose any advice for trump how to build a mexico wall or theresa may how to brexit   you seem to know everything except journalism .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump        i will build a great wall  and nobody builds walls better than me  believ .
 amhciv5  aoc  thedemocrats are you  calling  madam speaker  paul ryan  it might help to judge her by the  total am .
 markhwalker  realdonaldtrump i would be more then ok with mexico reclaiming california  and building a wall  democ .
 angrylittleelf2  cnnpolitics he also said mexico would pay for the wall  maybe hes not honest.
 our true mankind is humanity     herbert george wells the   i will build a great great wall on our southern border .
i have an idea to help  presidenttrump rehabilitate his reputation  let him divert cash earmarked for  mexico wall .
 realdonaldtrump poor america under a loose cannon named dj trump    jim mattis  resignation was a stunning rejection .
finally deleted this racist mfer who owns a business in mf always complaining about not being able to find good hel .
 lrihendry  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump he is corrupt incompetent and has 14 investigations into his businesses  .
 action to close ports of entry from mexico    more construction of wall along the southern border.
 the trump train because her husband and her have a non controlling investment in theresa heinz john kerry s sugar .
 jeffcoschoolsco i ll be happy to haul 12 000 lbs of steel beams over to the school with my dodge ram to build a wa .
 adamantwon  theofficertatum  berniesanders mexico will pay for the wall      no cuts to medicare      end wars      no c .
nbcnews reports the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals .
now tell me why the fuck you think a muslim congresswoman is the same as an immigrant from mexico   do you know you .
 tomarq7  kellie2727paula did mexico pay for wall wheres them term limits for congress wheres the proof 3million .
us special forces unable to scale trump s us mexico border wall  via  youtube .
us special forces unable to scale trump s us mexico border wall  via  youtube.
 donaldjtrumpjr your daddy said mexico would pay for the wall  and look how badly that turned out buddy.
 realdonaldtrump there is no need for expensive  mexico border walls  to protect the desert     we need a wall to p .
 astonrickley  kurteichenwald  govbillweld show me proof of the wall that mexico paid for   there s border fencing .
oh my god youre disgusting  also isnt the wall for mexico    shes not from there    .
 arhensleyy  smudge493  barnacules  thomas55g  charliekirk11 trump has accomplished nothing   he has raised the def .
 krassenstein it would fail  he would look like a martyr to his cult  and we are back in the same bs        focus on th .
the u s  wants to ban huawei  but in some places  at amp t relies on it       the wall street j .
 atrupar there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no nk peace  no affordable h .
 beccalyle8  realdonaldtrump have you been to the upgraded wall    have you actually been to the border    how abou .
 luddy  washingtonpost except they arent possible because they are pie in the sky nonsense  the problem with both .
 realdonaldtrump there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no nk peace  no affo .
 markdice there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no nk peace  no affordable .
 chizmaga there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no nk peace  no affordable .
 charliekirk11 there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no nk peace  no afford .
 charliekirk11 there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no nk peace  no afford .
we are still waiting on results        there is no wall  mexico is not paying for a wall  no new kickass nafta deal  no .
just focus in all trump failures  dont attack him directly he is a god to the cult        there is no wall  mexico is .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
plus building a wall wont stop drugs from coming in  people swear mexico is the only supplier   or like the border .
the wall separates mexico and the us not       .
 cs00582sc  skeeterpence build the wall  close the border  stop muslim infiltration      get all muslims out of gov .
 tomarq7  kellie2727paula fact is mexico not paying for wall.
mexican cartels  build the wall  mam sorry for your loss but    1  supplydemand   2 mexico  not where fentanyl comes .
 grrreaper  brdsonbat  coldstone11  lovelostgrl  indigo flatware not 3   gdp and mexico didnt pay for the wall  no .
 charliekirk11 hate and violence in the us  record high natl debt  isis relocated  nk still has nukes  no wall tha .
 ganulvian  woodywoodrum  fairimmigration yes  i know  everything fake  if we don t agree  scream fake news   yawn  .
ahh yes  the wall  between the us and mexico        that will block all refugees and immigrants from africa  got it .
 vibewithdaisy i don t think she was blaming all mexicans for her daughters  overdose  however i don t think she re .
 debz526  cassandrarules you are dillusional as his main campsing promise was to drain the swamp amd bring bsck tro .
trump stole his mexico us wall idea from lucille bluth and thats the tea .
 vj burton i swear i saw her in porn did it for me       this tweet is def clickbait ish  dreamer  united .
crime in mexico  8500 homicides in first quarter of 2019   sara a  carter   build the wall .
crime in mexico  8500 homicides in first quarter of 2019 we need border wall  amp  new immigration laws now    .
i mean i could be wrong but im pretty sure he wants to build a wall between the us and mexico and last i checked i .
i didnt know  ilhanmn was mexican  are you just plain idiotic   kaitmarieox the wall trump wants is around mexico  .
 cliftonsnotes besides the  mexico will pay for the wall  declaration  what promises are you saying that he has broken .
 ypitaxo  666fernie  vibewithdaisy yet 200  lbs of it coming from mexico has already been seized in 2019 alone  but .
 charliekirk11 no wall paid for by mexico   no health care bill   no infrastructure improvements   record deficits   tax cu .
 haha club are you  the reason i ask is because most  maga were stupid enough to believe  mexico was going to pay f .
 roullettetravis  pringle leon  axre91a  kassydillon yep  mexico paid for the wall  he eliminated the budget defici .
 c0lettea  alexraexo its from china sweetheart  almost all fentanyl is shipped here from the far east  the wall is .
 c0lettea the good people of mexico sounds just like trump  the wall isnt gonna bring back ur daughter and even .
 saywhenla    but will trump as cic have the balls to use the us military to invade mexico to wipe out the cartels  .
im   so    confus   ed   like     the wall is bordering mexico    why are you so     infused with    hate       .
 d20310275  texasbreathen  speakerpelosi so instead of mexico paying for our wall  well pay mexico for it  .
hundreds of sheriffs from 40 states have called on congress to fund president donald trumps initiative to build a .
 ewerickson you mean the tubes who loved chanting build the wall bc they fell for trump telling them mexico will .
 messymeslie the folks at we build the wall actually are working on both securing the border and bringing national .
 mhingston whattaya mean mexico doesnt want to pay for its own wall    .
the us  forced china to trade tea for drugs they didnt want   also the us  our people are dying because mexico is tr .
 brotherintrump  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump think again  he told you what you wanted to hear during his campa .
you do know the wall youre talking about is only along the border of mexico right    how are you gonna say depor .
 fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti perhaps congress will provide funding to mexico so they can build a bett .
mexico still hasnt paid for the wall.
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon    just listed  mexico 2019 12 x 12 inch monthly square wall cale .
 hecallsmeojotes  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn i did and still dont see it at all    im a legal immigrant from mexico and i want a wall.
 realdonaldtrump dear potus       what about       the lawsuit you initiated to rob healthcare from 30 million americans  .
no  sweetie what is you saying  1  the wall is meant for mexico  shes not mexican 2  this was unnecessary and evil .
 harshacharles  moon river05  henryrodgersdc  tigerwoods  dailycaller never mind that french billionaires put their .
 tonybeletsky  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  dnc  potus  presssec  cnn  foxnews  msnbc remember how he said he was gon .
 esteezey  massilloncom  quentiinsxm  kaitmarieox  berniesanders nigga a wall between us and mexico so people cant .
otra ms de upaep se topo con pared  15     ouch  virus  spalding  ilovethisgame  baloncesto  black  wall  red .
 realdonaldtrump mr  trump    if you want build a wall  give mexico the money so we can re enforce the borders on t .
 realdonaldtrump dont forget to bring up you promised  mexico would pay for the wall  middle class tax cuts  you w .
 sumeetmountain  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump youre funny  what did i miss  the wall got built and mexico paid f .
 gregabbott tx  cbp greg  the state of texas needs to build it s own wall  don t wait on the federal government  ta .
 davidhichan3  jkylebass  realdonaldtrump  aoc trump lied to you about mexico paying for the wall  you accept he li .
 fahmishrizvi for real  her argument dosent even make sense right now  iihan is from somalia and the wall is across .
 politicalhedge trump caved on closing the border       just like he caved on making mexico pay for the wall      like he c .
video  brian kolfage rolled into mexico illegally to show how easy it is to cross the border   we build the wall ne .
 canadiandaws83 could be that mexico will pay for that wall  they ll need it to protect them from all of the folks .
another way to make mexico pay for the wall .
 karlabotts  gebresemharhttp  rnavarro2003  betoorourke did you see the part where the wall fell  they really do wo .
 eddiehearn its possible the beef burgers in brooklyn are directly from mexico  lets blame the wall .
mexican presidents suspension of education overhaul questioned   the wall street journal                 mexicos pres .
 mr hippiez  speakerpelosi  potus you just made a case for the average iq of a trump supporter  you misspelled you .
 repandybiggsaz andy you ve finally said something intelligent   all they have to do is cross to the middle of the .
 donaldjtrumpjr i thought your father said mexico was going to pay for the wall  how is that working out diaper don .
do you know whats on the other side of the wall  mexico  dumb bitch .
 c0lettea even if the wall was built these drugs would still find their way into the us  mexico isnt the only place .
 timjohnson 86  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump like in 2018  or when you got mexico to pay for the wall .
 patriotpennsy  potus is right   migrants seeking asylum shd do so in the 1st country available   mexico   they c .
 mattgaetz look the wall has a full blown asshole standing in front of it  wonder if he knows hes in mexico .
 donaldjtrumpjr that reminds me did that check from mexico clear yet  you know  for the wall   .
still no infrastructure deal  mexico is not going to pay for the trump vanity wall  waste millions of taxpayers mon .
 10km3x2 map  biodiversity border  mexico  usa what is  sonorandesert  k12        6 ways the .
 grossmantrevor  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile and lacks character to hold him accountable to h .
my condolences        building a wall will not keep illegal activity from killing ppl  tons of illegal drugs are manufa .
 c0lettea  realhorrrorshow  here is a great article explaining the solution  and also  notic .
you can get your shit rocked     but let me educate you  somalia is in africa if america builds a wall between amer .
 realdonaldtrump demand congress and senate bring you the solutions to stop asylum seekers via moratorium and chang .
i have a hunch that this has something to do with the wall  i think this idiot is planning to reduce  or cut off ho .
 realdonaldtrump trump deals after 28 months       healthcareno   mexico wallno   the e u no   chinano   iranno   n k no   tr .
 thehill they cant build a wall as promised  is mexico going to pay for our assistance .
 dax x98 mexico will pay for the wall.
thought there was a national emergency at the us mexico border and we need to fund a wall    .
 realdonaldtrump lol your 15 minutes are up  maga the wall drain the swampyou did nothing for america theres .
president in his first 4 yrs got millions for mexico wall what happen to that  what he did was he let illegals come .
 brihallofficial    lest we forget the billion dollar wall project mexico rightfully refuses to pay for meanwhile  .
guess what trump supporter trump is releasing all the immagrants he locked in cages into america  they need their j .
need to put the wall up and put women and children in an safe place in to go after the drug cartel in mexico or wer .
immigrants didnt make your daughter do drugs and a racist ass wall wont bring her back  and fentanyl doesnt just .
 realdonaldtrump you seem pretty sure of yourself       just as sure of yourself as when you said you would get mex .
 kingme32  realdonaldtrump well  we sort of need to pay for the wall mexico decided to pass on  and trump does dese .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump you forgot to say that he walks on water    perhaps you should focus on his failures  .
 litap62741137  1stvoxfox  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  betoorourke  kamalaharris .
 midorpidor  lilseasons  sos health  kwolve01 kwolve is on the scene building the wall between his home and the direction of mexico .
 c0lettea mexico is a fucked up place theres a drug war going on and its not getting the attention it should but b .
lmao were you paying attention when your daughter took drugs  dont blame mexico and say a wall needs to be built b .
broken promises  mexico isn t paying for a wall  not protecting social security or medicare  tax cuts   loopholes f .
 realdonaldtrump oh  i dont think theyll have to much of a problem running against you   the wall you promised me .
 cowdrickdouglas  sherylcrow  flotus  realdonaldtrump at least he was truthful      my gawd       ok  maybe thats a .
 realdonaldtrump you also believe  mexico will pay for your wall   just thought we needed to remind you of this     .
trump offered the dems a deal  citizenship for dreamers in exchange for the money for the wall  they flatly refused .
 shortythrift  giselle sancen i understand the wall thing  but i dont think it s fair for all of the people in her .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired     they interviewed thousan .
 realdonaldtrump how do you know he made 600k  oh  that s right he released his taxes  feel free to do the same sin .
 wolverinefan92  vhurtowy  realsclarke  berniesanders remember the promised during the campaign wall mexico was gonna pay for .
 flotus  ftbraggnc your husband is taking money from military families for his campaign wall that mexico was supp .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz wow         does it involve major racking of the forests       in a drought forest fires may .
 mikikee1  gerardo8av  storm14k  madameraven1  123ablack  acarmonala  shaunking  berniesanders he literally won by .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump canadians are laughing at  supporterstrump when trump is gone we will stop shaking our h .
 c0lettea very sorry to hear that but the vast majority of drugs cross the border through ports of entry  inside of .
 raymysterio305 awsome nancy is own by o a r she need 2 run 2 potus 4 help 2 get control of her house fund the wall .
 dovah69  oh you mean like the guy that draft dodged     the guy that thinks wind turbines cause cancer     when is mex .
 jenlawrence21  realdonaldtrump hey  trying to check out this story on you and your sweetie getting arrested in mo .
 kamalaharris supreme leader kim is in deep sympathy with his good friend kamala         dear leader would invite more .
 nanileeaki  pisstachio1  dutch163  stella83288710  alyssa milano and if you believe that you must also believe tha .
 sinperez1  dallasbrownin16  rkline56  jaubergine1  islababy2  goofballgeorge  kamymaga  phxsuns65  craybo23 .
 chuckwoolery i wonder how much beto took in bribes   .
 lisa10xxx tax that money  build the wall  that s how mexico pays for it .
 araslanian  addiction is a real thing and i hate putting blame on the victims  but this guy really used the circum .
video  brian kolfage rolled into mexico illegally to show how easy it is to cross the border   we build the wall ne .
 realhorrrorshow  c0lettea maybe her daughter shouldnt have taken drugs laced w fentanyl  also most fentanyl doesn .
this bitch is stupid stupid      their wall would be along our southern border where mexico and other countries are .
 save nj  edkrassen trump said mexico had three countries   oh and that they will pay for a wall .
 realdonaldtrump you also believed trump university  steaks  vodka  shuttle and casinos would be profitable and you .
 david leavitt edison said he failed over a 1 000 times before getting it right  so  surely we got to be there    b .
 realdonaldtrump show your taxes  mr mexico will pay for the wall  kenyan birth certificate  we never talked to rus .
2 000 immigrants from nicaragua  honduras  central america all getting into chihuahua mexico even crossing the  rio .
1   shes not from mexico  therefore wont be deported to the other side of the wall    2   if shes a congresswoman  .
u s  republican rep  matt gaetz stands near a steel slats border wall on the u s    mexico border  .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews pics or it didnt happen    btw  you said mexico would pay for the wall    you lied .
hows there gona be a wall in the ocean shes not even from mexico .
 senatorsinema  cbp  senatorsinema  you are one of the few democrats  i actually like  we can still continue fair t .
 milehighman71  benjabrotay  shanelandry1983  johnjbrea  realdonaldtrump  foxnews i guess that s why they believe t .
 agenda21  agenda2030  tcot  sgp  teaparty  mexico  trump  border  maga  news  wall  invasion  caravan  migrant .
 realdonaldtrump when did you show those audited tax returns       probably when mexico paid for that wall .
 breitbartnews  repmattgaetz the wall is a waste of resources   get mexico to pay for it .
 border  project  installation  artist cosimocavallaro  tecate mexico california  losangeles  local  artist support .
 tedwinemark3  breitbartnews  repmattgaetz show me the speech where he said mexico is going to write a check for the wall .
 the u s  wants to ban huawei  at amp t mexico relies on it   .
 djjulia  cher so says you  works great for israel  even mexico has s wall to keep guatemalans out  walls work just .
 hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria remember when hillary clinton wanted a wall  .
 jase 1972  gadsdentruths  kamalaharris it doesnt help your case when you tweet breitbart and ktvu lmfao   how abo .
 cbsnews  kayleighmcenany where is the wall that mexico was paying for .
first  put your hand in your pocket  second  remember we are in a national emergency over the wall  get out your le .
 free college  is bernie s  mexico is paying for the wall    inners.
 alinarpierce  funder  hillaryclinton guess he was right  it was a rigged election  how else do you explain a syste .
 repmattgaetz when ppl are on the mexico side of the wall but also on american land  because the wall isnt exactly .
 repmattgaetz how much of america are you ok with abandoning on the mexico side of the border when you build the wall.
what is life really like in border country  where trump wants his wall    the guardian trave .
what is life really like in border country  where trump wants his wall    opinion polls show .
im sorry  where are you wanting the wall built   because shes not from mexico    .
 sric30  cityofyuma  senmcsallyaz  speakerpelosi  senschumer  aoc  foxnews  cnn  abc humanitarian crisis that needs .
 waysandmeansgop mexico isn t now and never will pay for the wall  not even with tariffs  .
 gop wait  thats not what you said when it passed  you lied  realdonaldtrump  senategop  housegop  just like mexico .
 repmattgaetz this wall youre holding up is the only wall youll get  unless mexicos paying      trumpswaterboy .
wall a wall a bing bang  photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
she blocked me because i called her out    her daughter did cocaine and it ended up being laced and now she s using .
exactly    donald dump has lied directly to his base again       shipped jobs overseas  check     prolonged foreign wars    c .
 sararucrazy  dcexaminer thats what he said    the most honest guy ever   and the check cleared from mexico from 4 .
 realdonaldtrump if you re building a wall on mexico because of illegal drugs  why not canada  they have drugs  and .
don t worry america  china  russia  nato  healthcare  h clinton  mexico the wall   european allies  me too movement .
 dgmorgan4  repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump you have a short outlook  mexico doesn t have a choice bu .
 cbsnews  kayleighmcenany promised no golf and no campaigning in office like obama  hahahahahahaha mexico paying fo .
 mainwashed we need the wall  we are being invaded by killers and rapists  these people are bringing herpes  sifili .
 juliadavisnews i guess mbs  correction  runs america in a sort of joint effort with foxnews  amp   putin  tubby trump .
trump demand no country use huawei    23 in e u already sign up  att using huawei in mexico     expect to have 500 mill .
 wizphyl  cnnpolitics said mexico would pay for the wall    said he would lower prescription prices    said he woul .
 kamalaharris get the wall built asap so no more illegals van flood it only to be caught inside the us where 8t is .
 michaeljohns  exposinglibsbs mexico is too easy to sneak into  build the wall .
canada has no visa requirements for people coming from mexico  so         were gonna need a northern wall  too  before .
so proof that  realdonaldtrump  potus is in fact a racist  he canceled the only african american president  potus44 .
 realdonaldtrump just never surprises me how much u lie   first mexico   then taxpayers  now apparently the wall is free   sigh.
 roymooreshorse  atg clc run  sassy  before the wall is built  mexico .
 juliadavisnews i guess msb runs america in a sort of joint effort with foxnews  amp  putin  tubby trump rejects the us .
with regard to trump  mexico is going to pay for the trumps wall .
 cwaugaman  betoorourke  williamandmary border security  id love to hear what brilliant things he has to say about .
we must build te dame wall  as fast as humanly    possible and insist mexico return everyone until that stupid captur .
 seanhannity how much would trump s wall cost  all in   he still hasn t gotten mexico to pay for it     not even an iou .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz im betting the plans involve erecting a wall across the river at the mexico border  .
she wants to deport an american citizen to the other side of a wall in mexico  where she s not even from  make it m .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border the photography is cool  the comments of locals are not sur .
 beanielordxo  tinynubs this will be financed via mexico and the wall.
 johntodom  hecallsmeojotes  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn her saying we should deport an american citizen to the other side .
mexico needs to build their own solar  wall to  capture the energy before it  leaves mexico by the trade  winds   can .
 meetthepress im starting to rethink the wall idea  not at the mexico border though and just around a state or two   nowall  fakepresident.
 woke2008 we ought to send some of that border wall money to mexico so that they can upgrade their barricades  too  .
 realdonaldtrump hatred won t work going forward     tell us what you have done   no wall and mexico didn t pay  no .
 c0lettea  jvnnifers at the end of the day  your daughter chose to do drugs  nobody was forcing anything on her  yo .
 donaldjtrumpjr well it s been 3 years  is mexico paying for the wall    .
im confused if this person wants to deport the congresswoman to mexico  shes not from there  or if she wants to b .
 suenosdeuomi no con  what i said is true       why not reveal he was a  millionaire sooner   gt  it wouldve spoiled his .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile  realdonaldtrump sir  how is that battle with windmill cancer an .
 stclairashley  randpaul    that money could run a 24 7 train line from mexico border to  sanctuary cities all year until  wall finished .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile trump  let me name some of his lies  mexico will pay .
its hilarious that every media station dictates that democrats have to have substance and real policies to counter .
 mister irony  theobesepikachu  liberalnotlefty you think he s going to balance the budget   repeal the aca   get m .
 adorabldeplrabl  aoc  mollycrabapple  avilewis  lavrentia  theintercept you probably are going to pay    a lot    .
heres my game of thrones season finale prediction       trump is going to rebuild the wall  and mexico is going to pay for it .
let me see if i understand this correctly  please correct me if im wrong  she wants to build a wall  on the border .
 salas  10 so who gonna tell her that ilhan isnt from mexico where the wall is supposedly being created at   did .
you can  buy fentanyl at any drug store with a doctors prescription a wall with mexico has 0 effect here .
michael flynn  paul manafort  michael cohen  bill barr  mike pence  jim jordan  roy moore  kim jong un  sara huckab .
how are you this stupid  you arent only promoting the dumb wall but you want to deport a nonmexican to the other si .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz is it the dryest drought from the standpoint of dryness  mr global warming denier   .
.
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile trump said his father was born in germany  windmills .
 c0lettea drugs will still get into the us  building a wall won t stop drugs  hell cocaine from cuba still manages .
 doggonitman  seanhannity its totally normal to proclaim mexico will pay for our border wall  right .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile im sorry  i was checking to see when mexico was gonn .
correct me if im wrong yall but the wall is technically only to separate the us from mexico  im moreeeee than .
 splintered  one  seanhannity just like mexico is going to pay for a wall if we build it.
 mister irony  theobesepikachu  liberalnotlefty well  by that logic  you said he kept  almost all of his promises   .
 respect2glory  loosewiththefax  lrihendry republican truth    here s a good one from the dear leader .
we need a boarder wall  to reinforce this demilitarized zone that is the us mexico boarder  .
bruh so she wants to build a wall in the mf ocean or something  cause shes clearly not from mexico where the wall .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump did ya see the check from mexico to build the wall     nor have i .
 meetthepress  kasie which part is confusing you  chuck      declaring the overflow as a crisis      increasing border .
i just seen a tweet from a lady who s daughter died of a drug overdose and the lady is blaming mexico and saying th .
 georgetakei  dannyclaassen3 this guy is a lunatic beyond lunatics  he used the mexicans to become president  then .
 narsa2556  2twelvehundreds  trumptytrumptr1  sheilad715  realdonaldtrump  youtube we have yet to see how much mexi .
fentanyl was mostly manufactured in china and shipped directly to the us through legal ports of entry  or shipped t .
 fras99 mexico  this guy will never build the wall .
 reelect20   theek   loriblaney check out this guy who isn t in mexico with the rest of his cult with work visas ea .
 walshfreedom another failure for  realdonaldtrump   im really not sure he knows enough english words to fill that .
this drug isnt only coming in through mexico  mb we should stop importing from other countries in which fentanyl i .
the wall is supposedly for mexico and she isnt mexican lol youre so stupid .
trump is really out here making bitches ignorant  why would you deport a us citizen  even if  ilhanmn was illegal  .
 donaldjtrumpjr it s free as in mexico will pay for the wall   dumbdumberdumbestdumbjr.
 kag4all why not tax directo a mexico funds and use the money to pay for the wall    buildthewall.
 realdonaldtrump no collusion and no obstruction  and mexico will pay for the wall too  you have no credibili .
most fentanyl is being trafficked here from china   and then sent from here to mexico  but okay susan build that wall lmfaoo.
actually     the way cocaine works is that someone buys pure cocaine from someone in mexico  from there the cocaine .
 duker 61  cnn we don t need a fricken wall  trump is a fricken fool     and wasn t mexico going to pay for the wall .
 oilfield jobs  msnbc  joenbc he has a history of dishonesty and multiple failures in business and marriages   our .
 skepacabra  ezraklein   waleedshahid enjoy your willful ignorance  m4all will never pass  its simply bernies ver .
 meetthepress  michael steel  markos agree           democrats need to educate voters           trump didnt win for his br .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump what about mexico paying for the wall  better healthcare  tax break for the middle .
 ksantal  maggienyt big fat nothing   6 close trump associates indicted  so far    sdny has multiple investigations .
its our national flag for gods sake  what is going on in california    shall we just donate yout to mexico  amp  put t .
 mister irony  theobesepikachu  liberalnotlefty  1  isis was destroyed by obama   2  congress appointed the judges  .
 kalifromdavalli    but isnt the wall  just for the border between mexico and the u s     .
 discalaponte  realjameswoods i often wonder why james always complains about others than talk about things like tr .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
 skepacabra  ezraklein   waleedshahid but you cant keep your doctor or even your insurance under bernies plan  no .
wall street sube por reportes de ganancias con slidos resultados   .
 the future11 why have asians hold onto to titles when trump is in control  think about it the china trade talks th .
but the wall is gonna border mexico   .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall  and dont send illegals anywhere  but back to where they camefrom  if mexico isnt .
 minggao26 ming  trumpo s solution to fixing boeing 737 max is to build a wall  paid for by mexico   the notre dame .
i thought i was going to like alberto s friend in mexico city  but then i saw that wicker deer head on his wall  i .
maria meza  a 40yrold migrant woman from honduras  one of thousands from central america trying to reach the us  ru .
  realdonaldtrump     grow some balls  you wimp     don t let the nasty the congress win  you said mexico would pay for .
 fnicholasr  tiredof urcrap2  nobodyinco  phil mckraken  fuckthewall2019  bootz adams  yoop3rman  trumpsugar .
i want to tell that woman that illegal fentanyl is manufactured primarily in china and some is distributed thru mex .
 civillittweet  thetruemissb  greekbluenose gulf of mexico     oh  sorry   wrong wall      the place where they built a new castle .
 coltazure  meh130  arifleischer  awstar11 yeah  sure  trump gets things done  like getting mexico to pay for the w .
 gop  realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall  signed  donald trump.
wall street marca rcords impulsado por el  alto al fuego  entre qualcomm y apple  en wall street  los mercados reg .
 donaldjtrumpjr well its only been three years im sure your stupid father will come up with something soon enough .
 when mexico becomes self sufficient in its food  even if a border wall is built up  we will be a  solid  amp  strong n .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes heres how to make mexico pay for wall     fine mexico for each illegal crossing  bet t .
 realdonaldtrump you shut down our own government over  money for a wall that mexico was going to pay for you lied .
 corder sherrie  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile  who s going to pay for the wall   tr .
 jeremyt22485  sestze2 conspiracy theories about notre dame        not shocking      let me guess    mexico is gonna pay fo .
 govike33  waynezzzzworld  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump he promised them on camera during the campaign trail an .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
 mattgaetz i suppose building a wall around you is one way to protect mexico from your drunk driving .
 donaldjtrumpjr well  pappy had the majority in congress for 2 years and still couldnt get funding for the wall   .
 tinygillian i went on a cruise to mexico and heard actual  american  human beings talking about their support of t .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz mexico pays right       the wall is substanceless racist hysteria.
 rosco196  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile was his father born in germany  no  is mexi .
 tylermo10793862  freddygibbins you mean trump s vanity wall   no thanks   btw  i distinctly remember that trump re .
a photographer and a writer spent five months traversing the u s  mexico border  they met countless people  expecti .
mexico is stealing the wall    thedailyshow .
  michael steel says he wants to  start  by giving the president the benefit of the doubt  on immigration         he th .
 realdonaldtrump and  were still waiting for mexico to pay for your wall  as you promised .
 realdonaldtrump  washingtonpost send a bunch of willing gastonians to mexico  like myrtle beach jail they have a s .
 tomselliott  berniesanders after reading a lot of your responses  my question is when trump said i pay the least .
 lisamolson7  fairimmigration yes but canada doesn t come here illegally to live and get free welfare  medi cal  an .
 gopchairwoman  henryrodgersdc whom would not be for a free wall if mexico was paying  but if campaign told you at .
mexicos not stopping this   were being had       1  deploy the troops   2  close the whole border   3  authorize deadly f .
 realalpha 2  adjunctprofessr  potus if you posted the map to say we need a stronger border  i agree  all of mexico .
 govbrewer  onedurrwoman  realdonaldtrump how about sitting down and coming up with a real plan for immigrants like .
does this dumb twitter for android bitch not realize where this dumbass wall is supposed to be built     and that .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump  you cant have wisconsin this time  they already know how you scammed america  n .
 qbs mom  hensnbitties it was irans money to begin with  it was iranian assets that were frozen  btw  do you still .
 cierre   el  ipc cierra al alza siguiendo a wall street y recupera los 45 000 puntos    .
if you ask fox news about mexico paying for wall another indirect   they worm and skip   what ever you ask fox rega .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump cant run on maga in 2020  trump failed to make america great again in his first .
 uncbrad  teedisme  usalivestrong  anne19brown  glenninvestor  navman cando  sensanders  emtee2355  camip934 .
 aoc  jacobsoboroff you need to go see for your self  you will see the reason why we need a border  even mexico has a wall in their south .
 cierre   wall street cierra en verde y el dow jones sube un 0 26     .
this is huge  plans for the  borderwall  the jobs and resources this will do for both sides of the  usa and  mexico .
la bolsa mexicana de valores cerr la sesin de este  felizmartes con ganancias  en lnea con wall street    .
this dumb bitch said put a muslim woman on the other side of the wall      that leads to mexico  geography apparent .
she definitely has a point  but the real answer is we need to actually stop the invasion  create border camps to ho .
 sullivanradio  it seems that people would learn their lesson from political promises made during a campaign   we r .
 donaldjtrumpjr kinda like mexico paying for the fence  wall  .
 lowcountry1girl mr  thin skin can t take a few jokes at his expense so instead  he s gonna have his millionth ego .
 mattgaetz why is mexico not paying for the racist wall   .
i wouldnt mind building a wall but got damn all that money to build one  i thought mexico was gonna pay for it.
mexico pay for a great wall  just watch .
  reading  photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired  .
 gop  realdonaldtrump  1 2  heres an idea  instead of an endless  inert wall along the u s mexico border  line th .
 orileyfactor 21 mexico has tanks  also the night king was like hibernating or some shit  literally the first time .
 aoc what if you supported the wall and found a way to make mexico pay for it .
 washingtonpost wrong  trump has tried again and again to stop the flood of illegals on our southern border  he tri .
 mexico is stealing the wall      thedailyshow an .
 realdonaldtrump boeing is not in the business of lying like you are   such as mexico paying for your wall.
 artybookworm  jonathantasini  seccivilefrance and he got rid of isis his first 30 days  he knows more than our gen .
 asiandiskool  mds1820  redd drake  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump baha  when the repukes owned the house  the senate  .
 samcoatestimes is that an end to the wall on the border with mexico .
i don t know why the liberal media are obsessed with a wall with mexico and trump jr  my son  sad .
 styx666official 1  trump hasn t ended any war  he limited some troops to be fair    2  our healthcare system is wors .
 digitalsage  cathylovestrump  mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump if donald trump says no collusion  no obstruction    tha .
 robertdowneyjr hello i am a fan of the avengers my grandmother is a great fan of yours has your posters on your wa .
 realdonaldtrump  we re building a wall and mexico s paying for it   roflmao .
 yoonieiab how the us got money to rebuild some church but been harassing  mexico to fund their wall.
 raycox07749646  citizenbatman  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump lets go over the list  build that wall   mexico wi .
 digitaltrends there is the solution for  realdonaldtrump and his project against mexico     bet this wall is cheap .
 jwmario  thehill we already have medicare  and its paid for by taxes  shocking  i know       whats really funny is t .
 c0lettea  webuildthewall is insinuating that all mexicans are drug cartel  or perhaps were you humbly considerin .
myth  building a wall along the u s  mexico border  and deporting all undocumented immigrants from the united state .
 itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump lock her up build the wall mexico is paying for it no collusion no obstruction wi .
 das audi  politico well  if you kept lying and being racist and saying the things he has said and done   how would .
 us mexico border  3 6 reject trumps wall  2 6 mention smart border security  3 6 mention immigration reform  2  .
 realist2016jlp best at what       has he locked her up   lmao   has he built the wall   hahaha   has mexico paid for it  .
 carolineheatn  bewareofme13  kwpetty  brithume no one   youre not being honest   im fine with the wall if mexico .
lotta cavalry  lotta field artillery       pretty sure we re invading mexico          or  the wall is going to built with s .
 buybuydandavis  breitbartnews besides that  if you want to make a measure of mexico   than you should compare it w .
overheard at the freedom tower observatory today when a couple of 10 year old boys  age estimate  looking at a bunc .
 mattgaetz just as soon as mexico pays for the damned thing    since the majority of americans do not want to pay f .
 resistnfighton  seanhannity th real deflating is actually the democrats socialists  they dont know where to turn .
he wont even pay for the wall he promised to build    mexico wont pay  congress wont pay  pay for it yourself dt .
 carmensgu  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump donate that money towards that wall mexico will be paying for .
 maramcewin bernies gaslighting his supporters  most of his policies are too unrealistic to ever see the light o .
 realdonaldtrump those american people who chose to vote for you didn t think you d spend the majority of your time .
 donaldjtrumpjr similar timeline to that wall  mexico send a check yet or nah .
painting  silk and corn husk flowers 2190  collection      silk and corn husk flowers 2190 acrylic wall clock   40  off w .
 jpmurphyhmsiac1  politico yeah that wall is looking great and glad its not costing us anything cause mexico has s .
 redsteeze i vote for mexico to pay for it  they haven t payed for the wall yet .
 realdonaldtrump sure just like mexico is paying for the wall .
 catherinesalo20  hawaiianshirtpi  realdonaldtrump but that was just another lie  just like mexico building that wa .
here s some more  acrylicpainting on  board from the wonderful  artist veronica huacuja  body study 64   view her .
 albayannews  saifbzayed very nice   looks good   is that ok cut enough back to fanstic    so stupid fogive no offe .
 donaldjtrumpjr still waiting for mexico to pay for the wall .
 irlilaw  steph93065  nro  jackrcrowe as soon as we do that  i guarantee mexico will fall all over themselves build .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico .
 nosacredcowsgob  dawyoung  stevedallastx  realdonaldtrump i am only talking about the drugs coming in by land from .
 donaldjtrumpjr and im sure mexico is paying for the wall .
continued       c  i attached a little snippet from an npr article addressing fentanyl shipments from china  amp  mexico   amp  .
 scottycknight  stockscout1 he should pay it out of his own pocket just like he should pay for his wall since he ca .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz the wall should lean out towards mexico.
 hangman57tilley  repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz his promise was that mexico was going to pay for the wall    .
 realdonaldtrump we believe in the wall   that will be built    amp  has already been built      congregation  paid by mexico .
 nosacredcowsgob  dawyoung  stevedallastx  realdonaldtrump damn when i talk into this thing it always miss types wh .
mr  president  realdonaldtrump  realjameswoods  maybe this might work  even cheaper than the wall  the new patented .
trump touts rising u s  border wall  proposes economic penalty on mexico           politics on april 5  2019 5 11pm.
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz im still waiting for  realdonaldtrump to honor his campaign promise    mexico will pay .
 we interviewed thousands of people  and i think we met three people who were pro wall   ross says   and we were ac .
at amp t will likely phase out  huawei gear from its cellular networks in mexico when the operator upgrades those netwo .
 nosacredcowsgob  dawyoung  stevedallastx  realdonaldtrump well of course it is thats the whole point  which is wh .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz cool wall bro    thank god people in mexico haven t heard of ladders      oh wait    oh .
 olejarckaren  bigpictoor  matthewjdowd  kellyannepolls  realcandaceo ok let s name 3 big broken campaign promises .
 realdonaldtrump remember when you promised mexico was gonna pay for the wall   and it was gonna be a beautiful tes .
 loveandshalom yeah  these are the same people who donated millions to build a wall between u s  and mexico based o .
 realdonaldtrump we re going to build a great big beautiful wall and mexico is going to pay for it .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
to all the  berniesanders fans out there who are smitten with his  medicare for all  notion and free college for ev .
 ericswalwell here is a solution  all liberal an dems move to the great state of california you all have your own l .
 shradhasumanrai high on mexico wall   .
 jerrykalin1  oldstudentnow  nbcnews who says mexico isn t going to pay for the wall  he has six more years to get .
 mattgaetz so you re saying no to the slats    do you have insight into when mexico is mailing us the check to pay .
 realdonaldtrump aint got time for that  unless youre going to explain when mexico is going to pay for the wall  .
with crime rate in mexico at all time high   the united states is now paying the toll for failed governments in mex .
 realdonaldtrump doing that same ol schtick you ve been doing for three years  lemme guess  mexico is paying for a .
mexico  45 bodies in two mass graves    desaparecidos remains found in the states of sonora and jalisco    it s good fo .
 realdonaldtrump just like mexico will pay for your pinche wall .
 kagrepublican  opinionsmiown  guccigirl2000 he said he would deport them  he doesn t they process them and then re .
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo so what exactly do you agree with the doofus on  you dont agree with him on nationalism .
 georgetakei but  just as with the wall  mexico will refuse so it will be up to the american taxpayer  but congress .
 aaronam69  out twitt  alpha omega yah also you realize mexico isn t where most of the illegal immigration is comin .
 gamingagendas  margaretmillerg  carrieksada  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile where is .
 donaldjtrumpjr jr tell everyone how daddy got around mexico paying for the wall         that s right he rolled up his .
playa las tortugas  mexico  .
the wall is built between the us and mexico  shes from somalia idiot .
 donaldjtrumpjr its only been 3 years since trump said mexico would pay for the wall  im sure  lopezobrador  will .
 ibrehyen bernie people are ao nasty  thats why they all like trump so much  completely nuts  theyll believe anyt .
 lifeofryan   lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile did pres trump say how mexico was paying .
 repandybiggsaz trumps wall will not be built until mexico pays for it   when will mexico pay for the wall  dont .
 realdonaldtrump what the hell do you know  unless it came from the back of a cereal box or fox friends  you don t .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump obamacare is a disaster  john mccain is a stupid white man  mexico is paying for the w .
 donaldjtrumpjr now  now   seems i remember your father making outlandish promises to  one big one mexico going to .
 realdonaldtrump you became potus because russia helped you win 70k votes in 3 states  hillary still whipped your a .
 cbsnews a wall would help stop americans bodies from being buried from mexico and southern countries drug crimes s .
i m beginning to suspect that  realdonaldtrump meant to say that new mexico would be paying for the wall .
while the idiot is worried about mexico  we should be building a wall between florida and the rest of the country .
 wmwallace1911  vt jizzyfingerz  chluke1967  mmash89  marwilliamson a white person in the united states is 20 times .
 wmwallace1911  vt jizzyfingerz  chluke1967  mmash89  marwilliamson a white person in the united states is 20 times .
 ross and allison expected that trump s proposed wall would be a contentious issue along the border  but in fact th .
 transitreview ok        mexico will pay for the wall      explain how thats not a lie.
i m left scratching my head seeing posts from fellow christians of missions outreach in mexico after they posted la .
 michaelschweitz a few for  jim jordan      trump said he d build a wall and that mexico would pay for it      he said .
 mattgaetz if you promise to take meadows  nunes  jordan  cornyn  and graham with you and all stand on the mexico s .
new  olympic sport the  vanitywall climb       trump  wall  nowall  borderwall  southernborder  border  mexico  mexican .
 corder sherrie  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile  mexico will pay for the wall     .
 lizzybb10  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile the symptoms of trump derangement syndrome .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile by the audience are you referring to yourself  shouldnt you b .
 realdonaldtrump have you branded your wall dence barrier    oh yes you have  it s branded mexico  will pay for it .
 stop trump20  espeorquenada the wall is just sheet piling  not driven in  wasted days and wasted nights  hardware  .
 fitzpatriotbrad canada could well be a bigger threat than mexico  canadians are terrific but trudeau is stupid  gr .
americans will never forget that  realdonaldtrump a conman stole our 2016 election 2 become the only illegitimate p .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 ward37279177  that70sheaux  politico says the guy who voted for a guy who promised a wall mexico would pay for  in .
 magnify71  senkamalaharris i wish you and your cult would relocate to mexico  get work visas  and earn the several .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
ross amp allison expected that trump s proposed wall would be a contentious issue along the border  but in fact they en .
 donaldjtrumpjr just like your daddy couldn t explain how mexico was gonna pay for the wall  now  instead of keepin .
 repmaxinewaters time to build a wall and stop the illegal immigration and to send them  back to their own countrie .
 gavinnewsom time to build a wall and stop the illegal immigration and to send them back to their own countries  th .
 davidanthonywar  lauriebriggs11  barbann76  furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  elizareynick  gerardo8av brian .
 quatolives only good thing trump did was nix the tpp  and that was early on        mexico s going to pay for the wall  .
 gerryblevins  ahmadgazwan  phineastgage  maureenfox  simonwdc that sir is delusional thinking  as a native bostoni .
 usmcliberal  sensanders  tulsigabbard for years most politicians have no plan at all    ever   look at trump   not .
yea thatll work good idea you fixed the drug epidemic mexico is actually the only place who trafficks fentanyl and .
make mexico pay for the wall         and of course stop lying     but that s asking for a lot     .
 patricksvitek  danpatrick  johncornyn  tedcruz maybe they will announce the end of fed and state vouchers for all .
 elevate53  repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump  if only  gop realize they had everything on jan 21  2017 oh wait .
 donaldjtrumpjr that s nothing   you should hear about this idiot who though mexico was going to pay to build a wall across the desert .
so    somalia is in mexico now  or could it be because  build the wall  is a racist dog whistle and has nothing to .
 conservgayman  rugratsaddict95  skylercfelix  charliespiering  barackobama never created a bill to even try to get .
trump in 2016         close the southern border     build wall paid by mexico     lower illegal imigration      ban muslims     .
 stop trump20 so much for the great wall of mexico   or great trump wall of america payed for by mexico  or great .
 housegop  repwalberg  dailysignal theyre not ignoring it  trump is ignoring a promise he made when he said were .
 hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria no what should be done is shutting down asylum requests at ports of .
 globalpolhisto1  jokowi  sanchezcastejon  rahulgandhi trump  who shuts down government in order to get his way on .
 cathypaulet52  bluerobotdesign  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile how  i ll wait  is the great hea .
 we adopted the mariposa as our banner because the monarch butterflies pass straight through that wall  from the gu .
 mg86789a57890  jokowi  sanchezcastejon  rahulgandhi trump  who shuts down government in order to get his way on a .
 qbs mom the gop raised your taxes and trump lied about mexico paying for the wall  lol  good luck .
 mg86789a57890  jokowi  sanchezcastejon  rahulgandhi trump  who shuts down government in order to get his way on a .
bolsa mexicana sube atenta a wall street  walmex y grupo mxico encabezan avance  .
 mg86789a57890  jokowi  sanchezcastejon  rahulgandhi trump  who shuts down government in order to get his way on a .
 realdonaldtrump i agree and to save   on your wall take it down between california and mexico and move it to state .
 tuckman andrea  realjameswoods  bretbaier  sensanders how is that different than the all the lies youve let your .
 j4ck0f411tr4d3s  vixfinlay  trooploverbarry  realdonaldtrump not as much of a liar as trump is  trump lies about e .
 realdonaldtrump we know     just like the wall paid by mexico   cheap and best health insurance     all true  blam .
 donaldjtrumpjr same way your dad cant come up with a way for mexico to pay for the wall.
 aaronam69  alpha omega yah    this touches up on the negative impacts of the wall for our wil .
 tomilahren you mean the wall trump promised mexico was going to pay for   you keep leaving that part out   were .
 acnewsitics they keep saying voters didn t care about it in 2016  but voters were promised he would show them righ .
our brand new socialist president and his new  forgiveness  policy  and trust me  a expensive wall don t stop this .
 evanakilgore  choisser so youre for a president who lies to people on a regular basis who have decided on a polic .
the wall that mexico was supposed to pay for  .
 berniesanders the wall is to prevent americans from going to mexico  i dont care if you hate mexicans mexico  but .
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump  1 2  heres an idea  instead of an endless  inert wall along the u s mexico borde .
 johnheneghan9  gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump kinda like saying mexico is gonna pay for the wall over and over  se .
 michaelwaltrip1  repmikelevin the wall that mexico was supposed to pay for .
 realdonaldtrump becoming president happened because a lot of sheep fell for your mexico will pay for the wall li .
 therickwilson  gtconway3d you became president because of lies  mexico will pay for the wall  and russia tampering .
 donaldjtrumpjr trump said mexico was paying for the wall       now who is stuck with the bill      us taxpayers .
much more than just the wall    lots of illegal aliens already here in us territory from other countries not just m .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 mattgaetz um   that s a fence  it s still a fence  trump promised mexico would pay for the wall  get it from mexico or gtfo .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn i hate giving this dumb dumb attention but she literally said we need to build a wall and sug .
 donaldjtrumpjr and daddy said mexico was gonna pay for that wall .
the photogs expected trump s wall  would be a contentious issue along the border  they encountered near total unani .
 hillreporter trump        mexico will pay for the wall   mexico will pay for the wall   mexico will pay for the wall   mexic .
 tannerstake  dr  pepe   trump also said mexico paying for wall term limits for congress lock up hillary his daddy .
 realdonaldtrump telling people that mexico would pay for a wall has to rate in the top 10 political scams of recen .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile at least he released his taxes  when are yours coming  when mexico pays for the wall  .
 wmwallace1911  awards urban  chluke1967  mmash89  marwilliamson about the same amount mexico put up for the border .
yall think i can start my presentation by saying  this is puebla  mexico  yall know where mexico is at  your peo .
 bringtheflag  shirleyringuet5 the trickle down from this alone will pay for a big chunk of the wall    but  wah  w .
 patrusselljr  presssec yeah  so weird that he is being held to his campaign promises       oh wait  does this mean mex .
and goes through them like water told over 9876 lies and you still believe him to run around wearing a dumb little .
 mitchellvii close the border  and tell mexico no trading until you build a 50 foot wall .
the government of mexico has stolen a lot from the usa on our land  will mexico pay as well    amloelpinko can gua .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile so weird to hear donald trump consulting jimmy carter on china a .
trump claims he may         close the southern border     build wall paid by mexico     lower illegal imigration      ban mus .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  rushl  foxnewsalert   vp  mike pence  elonmusk  astroironmike  fox46news   i would like to s .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 donaldjtrumpjr wasnt mexico supposed to pay for the wall    now daddy still wants billions of taxpayer dollars to pay for it   .
 donaldjtrumpjr mexico will pay for the wall  how long ago was that .
 donaldjtrumpjr kind of how daddy said mexico was going to pay for the wall  huh       or that he would provide a perfe .
 checkmatestate  andyphi48156952  repthomasmassie clearly they re failing then  otherwise we wouldn t be looking to .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
 donaldjtrumpjr remind me again how mexico is paying for the wall .
 stolle 243  georgetakei mexico has paid for that wall many times over     mexico even gave america that land to bu .
 itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump right on  just like he promised mexico was going to pay for the wall  and just li .
 donaldjtrumpjr whens mexico paying for the wall .
 donaldjtrumpjr also three years ago  i will release my taxes  mexico will pay for the wall  i dont know anything .
 realdonaldtrump oh really  where is your health care program  where is the wall where is the money from mexico to .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn you do realize that ilhan is from somalia and the wall is being built on the border of mexico right   .
is it because trump doesn t have any talent at diplomacy that he decides to build a wall between america and mexico .
 donaldjtrumpjr just like mexico paying for the wall.
 leekenn78013704  ewarren actually  they ve been right about djt  the man lies through his teeth  daily  lowering t .
 therickwilson no collusion         no obstruction        climate change is fake        mexico will pay for the wall       i believ .
bruh lmao   how are you gonna want  ilhanmn deported to the other side of the wall when they want the wall at the b .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile hey moron  who is we        too busy to golf   tax returns   too busy .
 govbillweld 3  mexico will pay for wall  4  trump putin helsinki  5  access hollywood tape  6   knock the crap out .
 realdonaldtrump best words  false birth certificate  tax returns  isis in 24  best healthcare  mexico paying for t .
wall of trump     trump  wall  thewall  immigration  immigrationreform    books  refugees  refugeeswelcome  usa .
 thompson leota  rightwingwatch     there are no words to respond  i have no idea what you are trying to say suppos .
two photographers spent 5 months photographing the border  interviewing thousands of people  they found a total of .
 jude scout  rulefollower  mark kawada  jordanfabian i like the idea of drones  amp  mines myself   a wall is only part .
 tahoejrd  ameixasbonitas  ptradingcards  berniesanders didn t you get tricked into thinking mexico was going to pay for the beloved wall .
 jarrettstepman  heritage  taraross  dailysignal the left is wrong again      damn   losing sucks    i m glad to be on .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile trump build your wall mexico will build tunnels     and mexico w .
 rodneyjholland1  oldstudentnow  nbcnews 3  campaign participated in this charade   trump directly promoted this fo .
 annalecta so let me get this straight  trump lovers are paying him money so he can spend it on his legal fees and .
 realdonaldtrump mexico paying for the wall was not literal  wake up  they are paying for the wall by better trade .
 pmdoesitbetter mexico will pay for the wall   10  middle class tax cut   i didn t tell michale to pay a pornstar that .
 ok   ok   i admit it   i have this much credibility     oh and mexico is paying for that wall         showmethepesos .
 mathew ahrens  thebroker00  bigalchitown  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile no point in .
 fanzanoon  aoc i certainly hope not  like your president s billion dollar wall he claimed mexico would pay for but .
i hate democrats   i hate illegals    build the wall   go back to mexico puerto rico.
 raesumlin i agree  but you have to remember this is the girl saying  build a wall and put ilhan omar  a somalian w .
 annettegh86  anncoulter building the wall  supporting ice  using the military to help the border security  getting .
 slay emdown  jhaswillwood  michaelskolnik  rolandsmartin he tells the truth    like how mexico is paying for the i .
 betsygervasi maybe it is mexico that needs the wall    to keep trump s bastards in.
with crime rate in mexico at all time high   the united states is now paying the toll for failed governments in mex .
mexico has already paid for the wall a thousand times over      the policy that the mexican government applied for many .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired .
bro i totally agree my ancestors come from mexico but we gotta take care of our cities first before we start welcom .
 secpompeo wants venezuela to open its border with colombia  but builds a wall in the frintera with mexico  is not .
at amp t  mexico relies on huawei  which the u s  wants to ban   the wall street journal    clubamerica   liga mx    .
 thebabylonbee  excuse me  where s mexico      down the wall and to the left  .
 realdonaldtrump they are way luckier than america   they dont have you as a condon president   who is gonna pay f .
if u can rezone this area on all it stands on which may be ground level  international space station  dronebase  ba .
 qbs mom do you mean the prison wall  i think mexico would be happy to pay for his near future home .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump except drugs largely come in through legal ports of entry   a wall    paid for by m .
 georgetakei guaranteed that mexico will willingly pay for notre dame before they pay for trump s wall .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
 rybrowniebeard  justinwhang  realdonaldtrump see  if he proposed a mad max style border wall with guitar playing g .
 fairimmigration  kyma11 atleast mexico is starting to try to do something about all the illegals  they re doing mo .
 pseudoerasmus  alon levy  enriquediazalva mexico is the interesting one  diversified export base  high levels of i .
 therickwilson  realdonaldtrump trump the  whore  of wall street who lied his ass off to get elected       trade defici .
 qbs mom i thought mexico was paying for the wall .
yo yo ma played bachs six suites at the u s  mexico border wall to celebrate the relationship between the border c .
 apertura   este martes  el  ipc abre operaciones con un avance de 0 52   es decir 233 54 puntos ms respecto al ci .
 jim jordan you blow a hole through our deficit  we pay millions for individual 2 to golf and grift at his clubs  a .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump well we can t blame mexico for the wall they said they would not pay for it.
 spchisntfree  charliekirk11 you need to check your reading comprehension  never said i went to public school  to y .
 ladyofobsidian  b52malmet  democracystorm  maddow  lady star gem  jacksnowknows  rey sistance  patsyresists .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired .
 luisett76989008  maggie6873  davidwohl  realdonaldtrump the leading bipartisan measure  crafted by a group led by .
 whitesmirk ps  hows your healthcare and wheres your wall that mexico is supposed to pay for .
 realdonaldtrump nope   biggest scam in  history was when you promise mexico would pay for you ego wall    now sinc .
 realdonaldtrump give them a choice of deporting them back to where they came from  or deliver to ca ny state capit .
 and we were actively seeking out pro wall people  they were just very difficult to find     photographing all 2 000 .
 patti99204907  jjh789  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump he s kept his campaign promises  really  where is that wall pa .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump  flotus didn t it end 2 years ago  like the imprisonment of killary  the end of aca an .
 realdonaldtrump is that like mexico will pay for the wall  only for your collusion obstruction innocence    the .
when mexico pay for that wall .
 realdonaldtrump whatever happened to mexico building that wall .
 realdonaldtrump please tap into the remittances to mexico to fund the wall  the money is already flowing through t .
 apertura   wall street abre en verde y el dow jones sube un 0 50     .
  no one is born hating another person because of their skin color  background or religion  it must be learned     .
 reformedbroker  scaramucci  sruhle  msnbc trump is doing a terrible job  trump is obviously hiding his shady finan .
ross and allison expected that trump s proposed wall would be a contentious issue along the border  but in fact th .
 donaldjtrumpjr  fdrlst middle class americans cant write off their mortgage interest  tell daddy to stop golfing .
though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexicans in .
noticias   dadaroma x xaa xaa 2 man tour     kazuki  y yoshiatsu performance en taiwn        sbado  3 de agosto de 201 .
 realdonaldtrump go to mexico  then see how quick the us will build a wall.
 trickshotz199  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump mexico didnt pay for the wall.
 foxfriendsfirst this is some serious selective listening  i heard he was going to help me  more than i can say for .
 gop more lies  the very rich received a tax break and everyone else is paying for it  chump spends millions on his .
 gop you want to spend tens of billions of taxpayer dollars on a foolish boondoggle wall that the american people w .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
 govinslee canada and mexico citizens that is it according to international law not people 3 countries away  deport .
 mayorhancock shouldn t you all be mad at trump instead  i mean  he s the one who pledged to keep you safe from bro .
 realdonaldtrump nah  mexico will pay for the wall   lol people actually believed the liar in chief .
 chuckwoolery lol  mexico sent the wall check       i hadnt heard   thats great news     repeal replace too     wow    youbufoon.
 fredhonaker2  cspanwj  washingtonpost mexico will pay for your wall and everyone will have beautiful healthcare wi .
 daiquiririchard  billoreilly that is another way of trying to shift blame because trump also isn t getting anythin .
 tedlieu  luv wins   gop and 0  believe mexico is paying for wall .
 toucherandrich i would get the sundance kid  meet up with the hole in the wall gang and go on the lam in mexico for a bit .
 realdonaldtrump magagm mr president so what u think about the old uncle bernie propose also talk to me are u .
 edkrassen  hillreporter trumps best one liners  cue steven wrights voice     i love wikileaks   mexico will pay for .
 realdonaldtrump you dont release your taxes we will never forget    you say mexico will pay for the wall but tax pay .
 anabelaedwards  cspan hes had 2 years said mexico will pay for the wall   they havent   has taken away services .
 tomselliott  benshapiro  berniesanders  ok so all these hardened structures that he is suggesting to be built on .
 saracarterdc i think we should build the wall and open our prison system and give inmates a chance to go to mexico .
 realdonaldtrump wheres your wall paid for by mexico .
 gregnorberg  great yensen the wall useless tool my father came here from mexico legally joined the  usnavy submari .
 realdonaldtrump youve been potus for  gt  2 years   where are the promised middle class tax cuts  better  amp  cheaper h .
 realdonaldtrump let me see what you know  you know that you can prevent forest fires by raking the forests  they s .
 marine 99zulu  repmarktakano  potus  ilhanmn us nk summits in hanoi and singapore  aca still intact with no .
 codemonkeyb  princessbravato yep  dems need a  running chart that shows his failures  for example  mexico didn t p .
my blueberries came from mexico   thank god that unnecessary wall isnt there  .
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump and  by the way  we are still waiting for the tax returns he promised to release wh .
 gop so  is mexico paying for the wall or are you looking for more ways to spend taxpayer dollars .
 jennife87035246  stuartd32  burgh guy  bruce ballou  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump if cars are any other goods ar .
 wardlamb  cher  lwhaynes he s actually building a wall and trying to house them in mexico  nancy pelosi names her .
 epwvlaw  cspanwj never do they mention the cost of the wall   just that they no longer want mexico to pay for it   .
 jbmerlee  cher  lwhaynes no wall     mexico hasn t paid a dime     dream on .
 ilhanmn after the mexico border wall is built we need to build one along canada s border with a detour around your .
these people just invaded mexico and they didnt even stop this now its going to be our problem stop paying for ot .
 realdonaldtrump whos for open borders now  i want a wall  and mexico will pay  i want a wall  and we will pay  .
 itsjefftiedrich everything  realdonaldtrump touches goes to shit    so  r i p  usa    i wouldn t be surprised if m .
 saracarterdc so sad that the crime rate in mexico is at an all time high  after a kind of civil war since 2007 bet .
ask mexico if we can man their southern border   reinforce the wall down there   mexico wins   we win .
 tuckercarlson watched you last night and had to endure that smiling fool richard  forgot his last name  throw out .
and mexico will pay for the wall   and he will release his taxes   and hillary will go to jail   and north korea will .
how about we all work together   mexico closes border and slows immigration and we use money for the wall to rebuil .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump when is mexico going to pay for the wall .
 prizmski  realjameswoods  1 how do you legally seek asylum in the us  hint not a trick question  you surrender you .
 rayungerer but tight as                         after a pope s visit to mexico  we visited a church with a wall of .
 slay emdown  jhaswillwood  michaelskolnik  rolandsmartin where do you get your information from  trump has lied cl .
 narsa2556  2twelvehundreds  trumptytrumptr1  sheilad715  realdonaldtrump  youtube  mark my words  mexico will pay .
 bobzilla1001  steigerworld hes a liar for starters     ahhh  knew nothing of the  130 000 00 paid for committing .
 cher cher   you know the  truth in your    don t let one  misunderstood  tweet  define you   mexico building the .
this is one more reason we need a border wall  .
 bbluebelle  jim jordan cuts    just like the greatest healthcare ever    mexico will pay for a big  beautiful wall    dp .
the u s  wants to ban huawei  at amp t mexico relies on it  the wall street journal u s  officials have   mexico  news.
 kdwestphal  gop  realdonaldtrump ironically  because you liberals are so against the wall  you are bringing mexico to your city .
 heuteshow wenn mexico seine viren und bakterien schickt  dann schickt es nicht die guten  sondern nur die fiesen  build that wall .
the  u s  wants to ban huawei  at amp t mexico relies on it    the wall street journal    clubamerica   liga mx    .
the shadow of the wall is a great look at what shapes us policy in regard to the us mexico border   just starting o .
the  u s  wants to ban huawei  at amp t mexico relies on it    wall street journal    clubamerica   liga mx    .
 realdonaldtrump if you would close the border they might  also if you closed the border mexico might build the wal .
 theroadcop left is trying to  weaponize  american flag   dear president trump  please paint the southern border wa .
trump  mexico is paying for the wall      mexico  .
 notalextv  mexico will pay for the wall     how about that promise  why does anybody even say trumpi accomplished .
i ve been playing on earthmc  its been a very interesting experience so far    i settledown my town on baja californi .
 chiefjayyy  sammydania  wileyupdates  officialgiggs have fun dealing with trump and building your great wall of mexico .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 nasa  nasa technology dont worry  you ll all be fine come the iceage  prepare your people if you want to show any .
 realdonaldtrump maybe you can get mexico to build a big beautiful wall around it  you know that museum you talked about .
yes we do the wall  and no sanctuary cities  think what kind of people are killing people in mexico  then think cou .
does anyone else actually like mexico a lot despite totally supporting the wall  i have wonderful mexican friends  .
mexico is stealing the wall      realdonaldtrump .
with crime rate in mexico at all time high   the united states is now paying the toll for failed governments in mex .
 politico politico i can help  i m adjunct professor at trump univ dept of journalism  amp  newsy things  you re doing .
with crime rate in mexico at all time high   the united states is now paying the toll for failed governments in mex .
 presstv  realdonaldtrump just a reminder    trump also said mexico would pay for his wall .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
experts fear that a border wall between the united states and mexico would end the recovery of black bears in texas .
    justyce     iheartmindy what happened to mexico paying for the wall  .
 numbakrunch  greghale1  aravosis yes they are because he wasn t going to get these things done now they are actual .
un consorcio de investigadores de eua proponen un corredor     de agua y energa en lugar de un muro fronterizo      prof .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump well  democrats blocked all healthcare reform so trump did it by executive order     tru .
 joeysalads mexico is going to pay for the wall .
experts fear that a border wall between the united states and mexico would end the recovery of black bears in texas .
1  prescription drug abuse kills more people than anything that may come from mexico so building a wall wont stop .
just listen to how sick these aliens are  enough is enough already by the time we get the wall built our country wi .
 corridosmp3  sydneybabe12 whats the point of putting a wall up at the california border  mexico is already here  rofl   .
throwback cuando bill par por completo el show de mxico en el humanoid city tour live empezando world behind my w .
 lynn deamicis  alfred288smith  hillaryclinton where you been  hes kept all those promises you mentioned  hes nev .
 toweryrandy  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx  cnn whos playing for the wall    mexico  isn t that the chant  and cle .
i think the saddest thing ive seen in mexico now is the t shirts that say  lt  lt keep calm  youre on the fun side of         s wall gt  gt  .
originally published by mother jones the border wall between the usa and mexico in arizona getty images in the fall .
 hillaryclinton  christi57036746 did trump say that mexico would pay for the wall   or the other 3 mexican countrie .
united constitutional patriots  ucp on duty at the  bordermilitia group pledges to patrol u s   mexico border unti .
 croatansound define middle class   they added a trillion to deficit   yet they were supposed to pay for themselves .
 joscojvteam  kissthepaw  fordfischer  cassandrarules  tulsigabbard you re so full of sh t    didn t build the wall   m .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn how would that work  shes a citizen and also not from mexico and you cant build a wall in t .
 shawnhatosy  jewelstaite he wants a border wall with mexico .
i think we should build a frickin wall just so we can send  potus and his supporters off to mexico permanently so w .
 zainjal26  gadsdentruths  kamalaharris actually fox is not trumps favorite network   it is one american news      .
 dearieme65  marklevinshow how s the  mexico is gonna pay for that wall  promise going.
frigging hilarious    mexico stole the wall   .
 daisyifyoudo68  c0lettea  mutts4me sherri the drugs that do come over from mexico will not be stopped by a  wall   .
tear down the wall that separates mexico from canada .
 crewcrew sigh  they were smart enough to know donnie was lying about mexico paying for the wall .
 thehill so called  presssec was he also kidding when he guaranteed mexico would pay for the wall and he would end .
 cher you know what trump should do  tax cuts  hahahaha   he is really  bebest can t believe he got mexico to pay f .
wow  build the wall  crazy       robin hood  mexican president says to return stolen wealth to the people   reuters .
 yoop3rman  georgew73855762  pwrcane1  danieidean  trumpsugar  mariazupan  provdcrumblover  aiicerobinson .
one thing that i really want from this community is more political involvement  otherwise it will hit a train wreck .
 iheartmindy  justbrittany76  janice dole  jnorting  cocoamonoi  edwardwilliams   cyarcher3  cher  realdonaldtrump .
 carolita 7  g bouillon no  pues se v que hay presupuesto en los partidos de oposicin   porque aqu en mxico   n .
most of the  33 billion in remittances to mexico flow via u s  govt  banking program  via .
 dollymunoz16  aaron ber sir  n8rix  r raoulduke  gombolad    davey     benshapiro and his campaign promises were  .
 jerzboyusa  nevadajack2  richardtburnett idk great wall and berlin wall seemed to be pretty damn good at keeping p .
illegals are stealing our childrens future and sending it home to mexico via western union to the tune of  60 bill .
 cher  crcc1776 neither does maga  realjameswoods who fetishized a  5 billion medieval wall mexico was  to pay for  .
 goalielax  stuartpstevens just look at how many idiots thought mexico would pay for their wall.
 bostonsbuddha  hugh bothwell  danpeacock12  dwolfman54  tinman 73  gerbusjames  lbox327  forthemasses .
 yomamabbg  aoc  tell voters what they want to hear   um  that s trump s mo   the art of the con  if trump told you .
 realdonaldtrump you said the mexico immigrants are all criminals  murderers  thieves and drug dealers so we should .
 stivie82877615  sengillibrand has mexico paid for that wall yet  .
  seanhannity  defund obamacare  let this be the day from oil  build wall and mexico releasing my pride that democrats .
i m certain those libtard would agree to trump s original wall    the one where mexico pays for it     no sweat off tax .
 gurlpower72 i m talking further down  mexico just got forcefully invaded  they broke their southern wall  they re .
 nikkihaley or start deporting house democrats  mexico would build the wall .
in case youre curious  mexico is laughing its ass off about our brain dead bloated corpse of a president and his wall .
 realdonaldtrump remember when the president controlled all 3 of the legislative branches and got nothing done    r .
 watspn1013  belladontbite mexico could care less  we need to take money being sent back and build the dam wall .
 realmuckmaker its up there w no 1respects women more than i do putin has a great idea he wants 2 help us investiga .
 realdonaldtrump i thought mexico was going to pay for the wall and that was going to fix everything   when is that gonna happen .
 dstaal05  stuartd32  burgh guy  bruce ballou  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump according to the agreement  car parts .
 hollycasonbrown  vp  potus trump told them  they believe everything he says  mexico will pay for wall  these peopl .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
 marclacey a lot of people are jealous of success    congrats to  realdonaldtrump for the great economy  working a .
 realdonaldtrump over 2 years wasting 25 million dollars of taxpayers money that could have built the wall at our s .
 cherijacobus right after he shuts down the border  overturns obama care  amp  gets mexico to pay for the wall .
mexico is just  one dragon away from foiling trumps plan to build a wall.
 leonwhi63670221  mrcharl79533255  clairevaux  deplorablenew  gorillastyle  seniorboobies  fnicholasr .
 realdonaldtrump sorry  ive been on a bit of a bender for the last six months         so mexicos not paying for your stupid wall .
house lawmakers threw their support behind a federal lawsuit seeking to bar the trump administration from moving fo .
  borderwall  noborderwall.
 billharp   mattjonesradio go golfing to the tune of 100 million dollar cost to tax payers so far  100 million that .
 i will build a great  great wall on our southern border  and i will have mexico pay for that wall  mark my words   .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico would have paid for the wall and the wall would have been build  i am sure  notredame would not be burned .
 kharp30041062  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump i still can t wait for mexico to pay for the wall        he has said al .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 bri047  brown brown69  b radsmitty  danb6237  trotella777  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump youre so ignorant you .
 gop right after mexico pays for that wall   .
 cher so you want to build a wall  or     you think california is different than new mexico  texas  arizona   you nit wit .
yes i know it s new mexico but we can build the wall around it too if i had my way with building all the way around .
 jakemc945 yeah  all those liberals thought trump would not build the wall and mexico would not pay for it   those .
mexico paid for the wall  thenhellfrozeover.
 cher  lwhaynes they should be evenly distributed back to their own countries or at least back across the border  l .
mexico just mailed their first payment for the wall    thenhellfrozeover.
donald j   trump is a fucking dolt  rake the forest to prevent forest fires in ca  drop 80 tons of water on top of .
 whitehouse trump predicted mexico would pay for his wall .
  secpompeo crazy ask a wall with mexico y want what   venezuela abra the border with   colombia   covco   .
 realdonaldtrump trump gives up on building a beautiful wall paid for by mexico.
 bbcnews sad donald trump having seen the pictures and established it was not fake flames offers to build a wall in .
 hillreporter mexico paying for the wall was a joke   greatest job paying president was a joke   better and cheaper hea .
 sarahpalinusa build a wall so they will be safely in mexico so conservatives cant get them   .
 j9brenna  realdonaldtrump then how come he doesn t state it after saying it during his campaign  does he think eve .
 realdonaldtrump hey dumb donnie  u really need 2 thank the real president who brought this country back after the .
 realdonaldtrump the good economy we have today is not because of you  and you know it   keep trying hard  the good .
 whiskeyjack75 i completely lost faith when he shilled out to israel and pulled this whole government shutdown bs d .
 ryanp131  mjrobin6714  davemarkson1  domskis69  jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump no if you even hear him talk       wi .
 johnpottergr but that mistake was more of a faux pas  not at all on par with mexico will pay for the wall  for exa .
 rockstarrealtr  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump  saraashcraft huh what walls  what noose   indictments are coming .
during an interview with nbc news  cindy mccain attacked president trump and said a border wall on the u s  mexico .
 tuckercarlson richard goodsteins answer to you when asked about cory booker saying i say hes trying to put amer .
 gavinnewsom 1    no  thats what encouraging them to come here in the 1st place is  democrats blocked a wall  they b .
 tucker so   tuckercarlson  asks if  cher is now a bigot because she doesnt want illegals in la   richardgoodste1 .
 gop  realdonaldtrump yeah  he never lies     wind causes cancer     raking prevents forest fires     i hire all the best .
 tomilahren our plan is to have mexico steal pieces of the wall everyday starting with the razor wire til trump has .
 iamdallaslyn  bydcommentary  krassenstein  aoc  realdonaldtrump exactly and hell he did not even artie it lol   so .
 gregorybrock  waynedupreeshow  tuckercarlson  realdonaldtrump if richard goodstein was honest he would have admitt .
1  tax refunds are lower or nonexistent     2  prescription drug prices have soared     3  mexico is never  paying  for .
 realdonaldtrump what if we built mexico a wall on their southern border .
you know  if we can t build a wall  then let s build a new canal along the border and connect the pacific and the gulf of mexico together .
 jennife87035246  stuartd32  burgh guy  bruce ballou  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump it gets rid of nafta for one a .
 slay emdown  jhaswillwood  michaelskolnik  rolandsmartin 9000  lies  campaign promises unfulfilled  no time for go .
 realdonaldtrump 1  tax refunds are lower or nonexistent    2  prescription drug prices have soared    3  mexico is nev .
 nealjclark1  supertrucker325  thomaskaplan  benshapiro mexico is paying after all so why is he struggling with funding to get wall.
went to do my assessment at my new gym personal training  as the guy was taking my pics  he said face the wall  i y .
 waynedupreeshow i just heard it with my own ears  on  tuckercarlson  richard goodstein just said that if .
 realdonaldtrump he s gone from  we will build a majestic  beautiful wall and mexico will pay for it  to  we will p .
 realdonaldtrump  promisesmadepromiseskept   wtf       not so much      can t make a single deal on       funding the wall mexico .
 tomilahren nobody is freaking out except    you   and nobody is building a wall     nobody    nowhere    and mexico .
herd on tucker that the imagination issue is the presidents fault because he didnt get mexico to pay for the wall  .
 daveweigel i still need to hear his repeal obamacare plan first    this mfa is exactly like  mexico will pay for the wall .
 aoc if trump doesnt like immigrants who are uneducated  why dont we get mexico to carve out  amp  give us a border t .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump last report on healthcare says it doesnt work  also mexico will pay for wall  even fa .
 soylentbeige  lorrielife  ehjustmehere  jordanfabian  nbcnews read it again super genius         bust was at a legal p .
 realdonaldtrump fake news  no wall money unless mexico is paying for it .
 tuckercarlson are you kidding me      richard just suggested on your show that we wouldnt have an immigration prob .
 tuckercarlson go back and listen to your interview with richard goodstein  he said that if  realdonaldtrump had co .
 tuckercarlson did richard goodstein just admit that if mexico had paid for the wall  we wouldn t have this problem .
 waynedupreeshow i just heard it with my own ears  on  tuckercarlson  richard goodstein just said that if .
experts fear that a border wall between the united states and mexico would end the recovery of black bears in texas  .
 realmattcouch i just heard it with my own ears  on  tuckercarlson  richard goodstein just said that if .
richard goodstein on tucker   talking about the migrant dump in sanctuary cities       paraphrased  trump failed at g .
 tuckercarlson  richardgoodstien  potus tried  amp  is still trying to get mexico to pay for the  wall fence you dems .
yo sarah hucksterbee  when is mexico paying for the wall  .
 boltster08 was at my resort in mexico about 2 years ago   turned around after rockin a piss theres a 6 8 russian g .
omg loony left brings up  everything  pres t said campaigning that has not yet transpired like mexico paying 4 the .
i just heard it with my own ears  richard goodstein just said that if  realdonaldtrump wouldve kept his campaign p .
democraps are still moaning about trump getting mexico to pay for the wall  okay for many many year the dems voted .
mexico is still going to pay for the wall  goodstein still hasn t watch the clip on what trump  said on how they ar .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx if all he has to do is keep them  regardless of how mean spirited or .
 calupegoat  ilhanmn nah  but it doesnt make her an illegal alien that needs to be deported over the mexico us wal .
 realdonaldtrump you have created the highest deficit in history  given top 1  the biggest tax cut in history  coul .
republicans like to repeat the slogan  promises made promises kept  when referring to trump s campaign promises  i .
 berniesanders  arctic  char your right and his problem is  realdonaldtrump doesn t remember his lies  like mexico .
 realsaavedra  benshapiro conservatives so pissed at him telling the truth while supporting the guy who said mexico .
 gamermuzz  foxnewssunday  presssec yes he did  but he also said mexico was gonna pay for the big beautiful wall  .
 gop when will gop outlined its 2020 platform since not trying to run with same old   healthcare for all  platform  .
 realdonaldtrump just start deporting democrats  hell  mexico would build a wall .
 jonathonjfelix  itsjefftiedrich mexico will also be paying for the wall once he releases his taxes after the audit is done  never  .
 saracarterdc  toddstarnes just start deporting democrats to mexico  that way mexico will build the wall .
professor   does anybody know what was going on politically in mexico in 1994        football player in class   was that the berlin wall  .
here is an idea  if trump starts transporting illegals to sanctuary cities in return we should deport democrats to .
 lordgenbu561  realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall .
 tracyfo47710566  dtwhitehousedt  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump wouldnt happen if mexico payed for the wall .
the wall is fucking stupid  ladders exist  el chapo had an entire network of tunnels built  should be using drones  .
yeah right   mexico will pay for the wall         i ll show you my taxes as soon as i m out from under audit       nobody b .
 realdonaldtrump mexico paid for the wall  we repealed and replaced healthcare with better and cheaper  we passed a .
 titansjohnson28  davinalexmma  taralarosa  cher mexico  isn t paying for the wall honey  and he lied about his .
 realdonaldtrump any status on trade  debt  swamp draining  mexico paying for wall  infrastructure  health care to .
 bananam51396915  jiliandiamond  annettegh86  barackobama is mexico gonna pay for the wall .
.
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi using taxpayer money to build a wall is socialism  who is going to pay for it    we kn .
stop the money transfers       though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much ne .
 soultana67  sianoresist you are welcome to pick from the hundreds of provable lies your president has told  what w .
i m surprised the biggest american social moron let alone the most unintelligent world leader ever   .
fta   hundreds of sheriffs from 40 states have called on congress to fund president donald trump s initiative to buil .
 marcia71342084  thehill which part  the porn stars relationships  infidelity  the lies   hamberders   comments on .
she said build a wall and deport an muslim american to mexico  bitch turnt  .
 rightvoiceof  ewarren bwahahahahaha       its always some delaying fast talk  classic trump  mexico will pay for the .
 howardfineman  gameofthrones  hbo mmm    no  the north is clearly maga country with their distrust of brown people .
but at least he got mexico to pay for that wall he built right  .
 thejamokeone mexico will pay for a wall.
underreported  this is the first poll that has a plurality of voters supporting a u s  mexico wall since the beginn .
 realdonaldtrump if you would do what you promised the swamp would be drained  mexico would have paid for a wall  t .
 jdchaples  ilhanmn hows that wall that mexico is gonna pay for coming along .
i noticed you ignored the initial point of my post  trump lied about mexico paying for the wall  you may be perfect .
 christi81480112  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump how do you plan on this happening  this is almost as absurd as trump s .
 realdonaldtrump do not give up on us  keep working for us  start working on making mexico pay for our wall  build .
 krassenstein  hillreporter he meant why would he believe putin   he didnt say all white supremist are good people .
i see the beings on the wall in mexico and in the sand  on palm trees on sea shells  sea foam  on the side of the t .
  prejudice is the child of ignorance     william hazlitt the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bor .
 realdonaldtrump buddy  you have a hard time remembering what you said 5 minutes ago  remember how you were going t .
 ynb the same god that says mexico will pay for the wall .
 bmor21  touaregtweet  realdonaldtrump yes indeed  and if he were the president of the us  with a majority in house .
 kimguilfoyle  realdonaldtrump 5 billion wasted on a wall that mexico supposed to pay for.
 realdonaldtrump so when exactly is mexico paying for the wall   alertthedaycarestaff  dementeddonnie.
 us of a 1st  realdonaldtrump  housegop did you see that gate and fences  hardly nothing   mexico must do more  lik .
wow that was a lot of work  i like work it keeps me in shape  i went to see the wall in mexico it was rusted made a .
 realdonaldtrump why is it ok for bernie to claim  free healthcare for all  but use increased taxes to achieve that .
 marcolucka  mattyhoyecnn  acosta  emmanuelmacron once again  let the church pay for it  they literally have billio .
mexico columbia honduras venezuela guatemala nicaragua el salvador       these countries represent most asylum seekers .
 tjkturner  tracybeanz totally agree  fear the brown people  fear the muslims  fear the gays      i promise to       fix he .
 heyn0ww  realdonaldtrump educate yourself  mexico should pay for the wall  first how did illegal get to our border .
 realdonaldtrump  the forgotten voters of the 2016 election   don t forget all the voters you told that mexico woul .
 giuliag  itsmecathi  realdonaldtrump its the drugs pouring in from mexico  build the wall .
 sootietoot  inspiringu2 its in mexico  with the check for the wall .
 rebeccamoucha  thisweekabc  abc you have a phd and yet you still believe that mexico will pay for a wall  that say .
 jilllog91645576  realdonaldtrump like mexico paying for the wall    most of his promises i didnt want kept .
how long will the  cheesewall go  every donation leads to one more block of cotjia  cheese        make america  grate  .
 iamgilligan8  dhorton74  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump  60minutes keep crying snowflake  truth hurts  tax refor .
 realdonaldtrump and the farmers going bankrupt  and the middle class paying more in taxes  and the environment bei .
 juliet60098951  johnrut16443350  19kfish  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump show me one audio clip where a .
told ya    americans rise up to counter demoncrap evil .
 realdonaldtrump mexico pay for the wall yet .
 visiosonatus  repadamschiff which will mean a lot of democrats are going to jail for attempting a coup to unseat a .
 stuartd32  burgh guy  bruce ballou  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump you had to have realized that mexico was never .
 whitehouse mexico paying for the wall  calling out china for currency manipulation  better  cheaper healthcare .
 roy1batty getting mexico to pay to build a wall .
 jessewooten18  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump you may have  wanted  a wall and mass deportations  but you should have .
 agenda21  agenda2030  tcot  sgp  teaparty  mexico  tijuana  border  maga  news  wall  invasion  caravan  migrant .
 realdonaldtrump  stclairashley  cher k cool are you actually gonna do anything about the situation in la  no  you .
 nickyoung665 dont let  berniesanders see this tweet  he might need to replace the shingles on one of his houses a .
trump water whoops that fucked up   back out of iran deal   whoops that fucked up   back out of climate change   w .
 realdonaldtrump coal has replaced gasoline in our cars  a new steel plant in every city  and mexico paid for our b .
 hillreporter was he also making jokes when he said mexico would pay for the wall  he wouldn t cut medicare  and he .
 anon halcyon  realdonaldtrump sure  it will be  and mexico will pay for the wall  too .
 realdonaldtrump  tax cuts benefit rich  amp  screw middle class    swamp not being drained    record trade deficit under t .
 realdonaldtrump oh no the forgotten voters of 2016 remember your promises  your campaign lies  your tax break  for .
 irl sindorei  kaldorei life  xeer ed  brittadal  yungmoomin  preston13781581  x aryanova x  scrowder it s why they .
 realdonaldtrump where is that great healthcare at a tiny fraction of the cost        did mexico  pay for your wall       d .
 vienelatormen  jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump if the trump was interested in solving the problem he would put so .
 realdonaldtrump too bad you can t take credit for the economy because obama did the hard work to make it happen    s .
 whitehouse wall from mexico aint kept .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx so you have conveniently still forgotten that you promised to release your tax retur .
definition of insanity  voting gop and grabbing your ankles over and over again  taking the  goptaxscam up the wazo .
 conservgayman  rugratsaddict95  skylercfelix  charliespiering who is paying for the wall  mexico        no wait our mi .
 riverwebb2  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the magnificent wall  .
 astonrickley  govbillweld no  he didnt     mexico will pay for the wall   have insurance for everybody   raise taxes on .
 speakerpelosi woukd you please introduce immigration reform legislation post haste  targeted assistance to countri .
i see  bybrianbennett  time  says  poll found that 60  of americans still oppose trump s pledge to  significantly e .
 realdonaldtrump you forgot how to say origins  you forgot your father was born in america  you forgot wikileaks .
 tba2012 that is not a wall  it also wasn t paid for by mexico   mark my words  trump said .
trump  i will build a wall and make mexico pay for it       macron  i will build a catedral and make rest of the world .
 drdenagrayson  realdonaldtrump do it again  so we can publish  i  donald and the seven bankruptcies  mirror  mirro .
si bien los tres principales ndices de wall street terminaron en rojo  el s amp p 500 se mantiene cerca de sus mximos .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump and 60 companies paid zero in taxes  unfortunately is this enough to convince his base .
 rt com i think pope francis was trying very hard to help the 2 christian nations america and mexico  amp  to stop buil .
 moveon  realtwitish and mexico is going to pay for the wall .
 jboeger  realdonaldtrump they should have been raking their roofs like they do in finland  which is not mexico so doesn t need a wall yet.
 realdonaldtrump wait a minute   didnt you run on immigration amp the promise of a wall that mexico would pay for      .
 mschnabele  ilhanmn thats right  she has no right to promise mexico was paying for a wall just for taxpayers to p .
   tramping across their country to get to ours   until such time as all black racism ends  no more funding for bla .
 rightvoiceof  ewarren like mexico was going to pay for the wall  tax cuts were supposed to pay for themselves  we .
 hillreporter great news   that must mean the whole build the wall thing is a joke as well   or  maybe it was just .
  wsj recibi el premio a mejor periodismo nacional por descubrir los pagos a dos mujeres que aseguraron mantener r .
 realdonaldtrump i know i may take flack for this  but your emergency is not an emergency  and  not everyone coming .
 meetthepress  kellyannepolls as right now i want to know about mullers report and trump s taxes after i see the .
 polk tracey trump is wrong putting up a wall around mexico its not mexicans that build ieds or blew up the world t .
 realdonaldtrump so how s that wall coming that the republican congress gave you money for  or were we waiting for .
 danieledgar  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump illegal immigration has been on a downward trend for over a .
 habibkhant kp is belong to pakistan and we want them to build a wall like us mexico wall.
las bolsas en estados unidos y mxico se alinearon y reportaron prdidas  .
  nytimes recibi el premio a mejor reportaje explicativo por 18 meses de investigacin a los orgenes del imperio .
trump promised to have mexico pay for a wall  provide great health care  tax cuts and jobs for middle class  provid .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 raycerx58  dncgarbage  esp hon  alyssa milano  gop lol  even the  nytimes admits it   so much winning   btw  you k .
 realdonaldtrump you asked wiki leaks for help during the  16 campaign     we will never forget    you said you would b .
 cierre   wall street cierra en rojo y el dow jones baja un 0 10     .
 km scannell  realdonaldtrump and the free wall  paid by mexico .
 djcalligraphy  randyzi26755919  realdonaldtrump no lies  rember when he said mexico was indeed paying ofr wall but .
 hillreporter sarah needs to not listen her handler and understand that the american people are not stupid    he said .
tiny border town that depends on neighbors in mexico opposes wall .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx next on  fauxnews  mexico has agreed to pay for the wall .
 chinese amb   the examples are too numerous to mention  including the merciless blockade of more than half century .
 twolvesfanbuck  thedailybeast     .
 realdonaldtrump it s due to the fact that  france has no  wall on the  border with  mexico .
first look at trump s us mexico border wall  via  youtube.
trump be like  build a wall    mexico be like  we have a dragon     got  got8 .
 moveon  peterdaou looks like that wall isn t being paid for by mexico but by taxes of the sweat of americans   i h .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trump promised that mexico would pay for trump wall  trump lies.
 vapegrfx  pamelurz  chelseaperetti that s not the issue  also that pathological lying ass trump said   mexico is g .
 sherriacres  jorekai  jordanuhl north mexico implies we would ever call your people terrorists and rapists or make .
 realdonaldtrump and exactly what have you  fat ass liar trump done  how about getting your healthcare through a re .
 realdonaldtrump sure  just like that wall mexico will pay for and isis gone and big beautiful wall  .
house lawmakers threw their support behind a federal lawsuit seeking to bar the trump administration from moving fo .
 shoremanbrian no they got sent there to work  not to propose legislation that is less feasable than mexico paying .
eventually  but at a later date so we can get started early  mexico will be paying  in some form  for the badly needed border wall .
 ntvde  oo ol schwachkopf   du nicht mehr president von  jetzt madame prezident hillary clinton 46th  die erde .
 jess562  d27rob  fear ls a liar  maddow the number is still 100000 a month over the wall  this isn t complicated  .
regardless of if he s real or not   can we please just talk about how much bigfoot sucks a wall with mexico and pizza  .
 prosyndicate use the money that trump wanted to use to build a wall between the usa and mexico  .
 kobobble  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn didnt you know  between the united states and mexico  just over the other side of .
 geeniusatwrok  josephcourson  brianstelter  chriscuomo  cnn increased deficit by trillions in 2 yrs   lied about tax .
in the white houses vision  mexico itself should be a wall  blocking migrants from reaching the u s  border in t .
send them to hollywood and everywhere that the rich demoncrats live     the only other alternative it to build tow he .
 mkraju 1 mexico going to pay for  his wall 2 us steel was building 6 new plants3 was going to release tax returns .
 realdonaldtrump nancy has lost control      how s that  mexico will pay for the wall  going     are our farmers still .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx you can t be that stupid         mexico isn t paying for a wall   there i .
 maxboot mexico will pay for the wall   should be said over and over again    asked of 45 in debates    beat like a dead .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump not new wall   replacing existing wall trump did not do w .
hey no balls  is mexico paying for the wall  you closing the border    thought not    i would accept a refugee or asylu .
 conservcandy nobody said a wall wasnt necessary  trump said mexico was going to pay for the wall  tariffs on mexi .
 amyallen0521  leonardiamcured  tribat  alee112280  taralarosa  cher  cnn i don t recall the dems saying they want .
 6srt4  spiceadams  smh i thought he said we were getting tax breaks   i thought he said mexico would pay for his wall   what up with that .
 trickshotz199  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump stuff  done  trump has stuffed tax payers money into his family compan .
if the great wall of china  the chichen itza temple in mexico or the taj mahal in india were being destroyed the wo .
 john weibel hold them in mexico   put tethers on the rest   but be wary of diverting resources from the border   i .
so now we have solar panels on the wall creating energy revenue between mexico and the us and fort justice in utah .
 genoh1  sarahpalinusa like mexico paying for the wall  or that allusive aca replacement   .
 hillreporter you mean like that joke where he said  we will build a wall and mexico will pay for it    yeah  that sure was a good joke .
 raagatodi  realdonaldtrump usmca pays for a wall ten fold in one year  he also said in 2016 if that fell through h .
 raagatodi  realdonaldtrump usmca pays for a wall ten fold in one year  he also said in 2016 if that fell through h .
trump issues his first veto to block a resolution stopping his emergency to fund building additional wall along the .
uber was started on a clever insight about a luxury service with some excess value no one was capturing        now we r .
 votetrump77  myrydyan1  mark kawada  jordanfabian gop had 10 years 2  under trump and did nothing  so they dragged .
 janice dole  jnorting  cocoamonoi  edwardwilliams   cyarcher3  iheartmindy  cher  realdonaldtrump lied when he sai .
 kay curiouser the usual spin among activists is to link the us border wall with mexico with israel s security barr .
sorry for your unbelievable loss  i hope your friends know president trump is working so hard  to save ppl like you .
from discover on google .
 jerrylmassey      roar     projection  you believed a man that told you mexico was going to pay for the wall  his .
 wehpudicabok yeah  people are dunking on her as if she s just bad at geography  she doesn t care  the wall is a me .
trumps signature idea  build a wall and make mexico pay for it  remains a fantasy  in desperation  he has been tos .
 slay emdown  jhaswillwood  michaelskolnik  rolandsmartin tells the truth   so  the trump tower meetings were abou .
la lucha no era entre 2 razas  la sajona y la latina  ni entre 2 culturas  la inglesa y la espaola  ni entre 2 na .
 pamfurbabies  jamesacorder1 still not joking about mexico paying for a wall though .
 realdonaldtrump probably some mexicans started the fire  build a wall between mexico and paris   .
 thebradfordfile  speakerpelosi from there they will spread around  unless we build the wall around those cities or .
 lululul12691743  deborahcmanning  moonsightingng  openallianceng  moveon  tea7cher  nomadiceye  silverqueenbme .
 slay emdown  jhaswillwood  michaelskolnik  rolandsmartin tells the truth like mexico would pay for the wall and it .
 lhoyer1 tell me now  do you think for 1 second that if we close the border or impose tariffs that mexico wouldn t .
personally sir  i would prefer they wait in mexico  if that is not possible  then yes please send to sanctuary citi .
 realbiguglyguy  realdonaldtrump repeat 1941    we wanted to build a wall then because we intercepted a communicati .
 realdonaldtrump maybe if you build a wall around it and make mexico pay for it  maybe that will put the fire out quickly.
 usatoday 1 i think we are past trump having a fear of embarrassment  if his 9000 and growing list of lies  his fai .
 realdonaldtrump forget mexico you should build a wall across the florida border and turn it into the national land .
 oilfield jobs  msnbc  joenbc 2  diplomacy was accomplished other than a photo op   that s typical with trump wheth .
 r081j  tonyposnanski  realdonaldtrump  netanyahu lolololol      everything you said is untrue except about mexico .
reposted gadfly2017       and the plan to defeat isis in 30 days  the plan to balance the budget  the 10  tax cut for t .
what will it take to build the wall    nixon and reagan tried closing the border to pressure mexico  heres what h .
 realdonaldtrump send them all back to mexico or wherever they came from  build the wall and catapult them back over it  maga .
 rippedfletching  ohwildbill  lucilucidora  powerlisadoyle  foxnews  realdonaldtrump why does that matter  the colo .
 realdonaldtrump how did the shutdown go  you said mexico would pay for the wall  putin owns you .
 lisaacb  billoreilly my guess is that you and all of your 18 followers thought mexico was going to pay for the wal .
out now  the river and the wall    this documentary follows five friends on an immersive adventure through the unknow .
 jerrylmassey  jeffroth23  stephsab13  foxmia1971  jsavite  repdancrenshaw no it isn t  btw when is mexico going to pay for the wall .
the many ways trump has said mexico will pay for the wall       conservcandy    2 .
 disrespectnomo1  jackieswift18  donaldjtrumpjr trump was shown tunnels dug from mexico to the u s  it was filmed  .
 israelusaforevr  smalltownandrew  gop  dcexaminer  realdonaldtrump  housegop  loudobbs  senategop  senatedems .
 stratfor excellent way to get mexico to pay for the wall .
 seeingredpod  williamfleitch  miklasz which was more painful to watch  ozuna scaling the wall for some reason or t .
 trcyh1  lindalovecraft  princesstonis  birddog02  krassenstein what if 260 000 000 of us applied for political asy .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx real donald trump lied to us  212 times that mexico would pay for his ineffective eg .
i understand  god is an enslavement myth  for all that thinks or believes  there is some god  the us now has a lead .
u s  says it can pay for 100 miles of wall on 2 000 mile border       the trump administration c .
also looks like mexico wont be able to help much with that wall  .
 realdonaldtrump so instead of having mexico pay for a wall you re just gonna let them all in and give them a ride .
 bubbagump324  realdonaldtrump the fact that they re still shouting make america great again leads me to believe tr .
 hillreporter wow he sure does make lots of jokes about things he has said in the past   wikileaks  mexico will bui .
 prospec13723192  journo dale  action alberta  friendsoscience  wbrettwilson you re landlocked moron   if bc retali .
some people have the best ideas       photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border     via  wired.
 chrissh44646672  politico oh yeah  lied about mexico paying for the wall  ginned up white supremists to build the .
 r graus who cares where it came from as long as it was legit  despite bernies unicorn and rainbow world we will al .
trump popular vote in 2016 election  failed        said he would release his taxes    failed    he would build a wall and .
 mediasesin   wall street ampla las prdidas a media sesin y el dow jones cede un 0 25     .
 boobsforgold  justinshofler  sexcounseling the wall is more expensive than anything else  talk about a huge waste .
 johnbelz2  realdonaldtrump he can t release the report  you think he s going to win 2020 when he still has a year .
 danconry  saracarterdc  potus whew i agree with the wall  amp  for the yo yo to go into deeper more crime ridden area of mexico .
could you imagine the wall could only be defeated by an undead dragon  does mexico have dragons  no  we have drago .
 dbongino move the border wall between california and mexico to az and continue it along az  nv and or .
 skyfall02251  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump i think maybe its because he never wins anything   no wall  and ce .
 realdonaldtrump  cher ask your governor  he does nothing to support the pres  mexico has stringent immigration asy .
 swiffydk  danrather no  the farm bankruptcies are because of the invasion of the 3 mexican countries that climbed .
 ronaldklain he was also joking when he said  mexico will pay for the wall  or  everybody should have health insura .
 thedailyshow  proudresister mexico will be taking the wall  using it for themselves and telling the world how amer .
 whitehouse he also promised that mexico would pay for the wall    idiotinchief.
 cnn  jimsciutto he promised to release his tax returns  he promised that mexico will pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump i thought mexico was going to solve everything by paying for your racist wall    i mean that is wh .
on   taxday it s off to file we go   because the donald needs the dough   to build his  mexico financed  wall   that mexico won t fund at all .
 itsjefftiedrich while your at it  stop in mexico and pick up that big fat check for the wall.
wow  i wish trump would try the same exercise       err build a wall errr    a big wall  paid by mexico    and err    .
 juliascotti4 and i bet she thinks the world is flat and mexico is still going to pay for the wall .
yeah yeah     and mexico will pay for the wall   and he will release his taxes   and hillary will go to jail   and north k .
u s  president donald trump receives a piece of the u s  mexico border wall as he participates in a roundtable disc .
 hillreporter same as when  realdonaldtrump said hundreds of times 2 cheers  mexico will pay for the wall  .
promises made  promises broken    whos gonna pay for the trump vanity wall    mexico  mexico    oops  that was before .
 jennifermonckt2  sianoresist  realdonaldtrump his crowd looks sad he is saying he will protect lgbtq  i am sure th .
 disney alcanza mximos histricos en wall street impulsada por su nuevo servicio en streaming .
  cast      angels and demons       1997      symphonic progressive rock      m .
 sunnydayusa1  realdonaldtrump the point of my reply was to the supreme leader s attempt to overshadow the results .
i think california should become part of mexico  that would take care of most of our problems and we can build a wa .
 piersmorgan beyond parody   conservative celebrities like piers morgan despise liberals and realist b c  liberals .
 gop  realdonaldtrump we can all show examples how people got screwed with trumps tax cuts  but what the american p .
 cher  lwhaynes how about we put sanctions on their own countrys corrupt governments  so they dont need to flee t .
happy  taxday and  goptaxscam day  where the  maga potus hasnt released his taxes and is making american taxpayers .
usa nirankari news  mexican government asking asking for usamotherland helps sieze the drug lord s in .
 alaskapril1  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump we give mexico 10 billion a year in aid for no particular reason  this .
 vote chuck trump could not get mexico to pay for a wall  he could not get his own party to pass immigration legisl .
 trumpjew  chatbycc  aoc looks that way   at least here in florida   i feel like i m in mexico  every day is a mexi .
you do realize that mexico would be on the other side of the wall right     and shes not from there     .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 jaded4evr it is not really grade school behavior  i am asking you to watch and see that trump will not follow up w .
build a border wall and deport a muslim american citizen to mexico .
 cher the promise over and over and over again was the wall will be built and mexico will pay for it  so build the .
so i heard trump is now trying to gain support for the boarder wall by spreading rumors that mexico has an undead d .
 wall  mexico  downtown  cdmx  zocalo en downtown lounge bar .
hi president trump    what do you think of the long term possibilities of mexico becoming part of the great usa then .
 thehill  morgfair every day is throw some fresh meat out there for the base so they wont notice they did not get .
 realdonaldtrump yes  now that failing president dtrump wasted two years with a republican house and senate trying .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump another talking point  what about build the wall and mexico will pay for it .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx 1   mexico will pay for the wall   not   2   i will fix obamacare   not .
because the bottom line is there for everyone to see  if your congressional representative doesn t do their job get .
 annettegh86  anncoulter 82 miles of new wall  contract awarded to contnue totalling over 200 miles of the wall   b .
popular on 500px   grand palace of sayil by almacorres building exterior landmark famous place tourism stone wall p .
 realdonaldtrump trump 2016  i m building a big beautiful wall and mexico will fund it       trump 2019  i m sending bu .
 realdonaldtrump everyone knows you built the wall and you got mexico to pay for it   maga  winning.
i wouldn t count on the  never forget  line   trump has already forgotten he  loves  wikileaks  that mexico will pa .
 bigolbourger they spied on my campaign  gone wrong   gone sexual   we made mexico pay for the wall .
 samiam52489769  maggienyt collusion has nothing to do with the wave  people are disgusted with the wall not paid b .
 realdonaldtrump i m impressed that we ve gone from you telling your supporters that you d make mexico pay for a wa .
 stonekettle  realdonaldtrump he s gone from  we will build a majestic  beautiful wall and mexico will pay for it  .
democratic support lazy immigrant from south america   an democratic are so lazy will not support president trump b .
 happyretired200  adamschiff refusing to have a meeting on the wall that mexico is supposed to pay for and a meetin .
 benshapiro president trump you are a master of showing absolute hypocrisy in the democratic party  build the wall  .
you said you ll build a wall   failed   you say mexico will pay   failed   you separated families   failed   you asked bi .
 1fm usa  smalltownandrew  papawat1  realdonaldtrump a wall around west coast of the us make it part of mexico.
 abc  house democrats investigating proposal to send undocumented immigrants to sanctuary cities  they want any dhs .
 ogmafb  mo vienutt  kaitmarieox  berniesanders how so  asking who is gonna pay for free college is essentially the .
 realdonaldtrump have all these people that asked for asylum  been given 100  help  or  just thrown and left in cag .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is still paying for the wall right   lol.
 conservcandy  brianmcmillan58  jim jordan  repcummings he stole from college students  he paid  amp  slept with porn s .
 thislifetoday  sahilkapur  davidjollyfl  mexico s gonna pay for the wall     trump    i ll shut the government down   .
this moron think everything is like rebranding crap for his ignorant followers         beautiful wall  mexico is going .
 thedailyshow mexico stealing the wall  and they dont want to pay for it  lol.
so maybe mexico should split up the entry lines between trump supporters and non trump supporters  let the fun ones .
 realdonaldtrump if youre just built the wall that mexico was going to pay for your deplorables wouldve been hap .
do you plan on building a wall around california  how long do you think they will stay in ca  bad bad bad idea  the .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx this is trump promise to violent followers and believers this is not america problem .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
the problems in el salvador are vast and complex  too difficult for a visiting governor to solve       but as president .
 staceydash build a channel of wall from mexico to her vinyard in cali.
 thehill just like he was joking when he said mexico would pay for the wall  no taxpayer dollars  it will be easy  .
based on the size of the check ive just written to the irs  im pretty sure that im single handedly funding all u .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx promises kept  mexico to build the big beautiful wall from sea to shining sea  repea .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  sencorygardner  speakerpelosi  sencorygardner  repkinzinger .
 kaitmarieox  berniesanders and trump was afraid of truth   mexico paying for wall   will show taxes   will let the muell .
 donaldjtrumpjr the next time an american citizen dies at the hand of an illegal lock the boarder down send 50 000 .
 tonyposnanski  realdonaldtrump and don t forget mexico is paying for the wall   .
 msnbc trump now wants to do exactly what he said he d never do  kinda like mexico paying for that damn dumb wall .
 realdonaldtrump tax outgoing money transfer to mexico and other central america countries    5  sounds like a good .
 maga  answerthis       realdonaldtrump told you mexico would pay for a wall to keep immigrants out and failed  but now .
 wagatwe better than a bunch of lies             mexico will pay for the wall   if you want meat and potatoes then .
 annettegh86 it s called building a wall as well as forcing mexico to do much more to stop the illegals from coming .
 realdonaldtrump joked when he said    mexico will pay the wall    there is no connection to moscow    he did not press w .
 itsjefftiedrich there isnt anything he can do  he brags because he likes to feel empowered he likes to think hes t .
 thedilleyshow  realhublife  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi they always under estimate him   they have learned noth .
trump    bragged about grabbing women by the pussy      called nazis very fine people      incites violence towards the media .
 disney alcanza mximos histricos en wall street impulsada por su nuevo servicio en streaming   .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx the promise mexico was paying for the wall  the promise of health care the promise o .
new border wall construction zone santa teresa new mexico 2018  via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump 2 2      heel  heal   to  too   their  there   etc  etc    not to mention melanie          you think clima .
 whitehouse also promised mexico would pay for the wall  repeal replace  lower prescription prices     .
so  in a way  mexico is paying for the wall    .
 reprokhanna can we put a wall around our data and make mexico pay for it .
 albertandave  grace4ny  realdonaldtrump wall construction has started  mexico will be paying for it once new trafe .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx omg   flash of horror doh        surely  this entire wall nightmare  shutdown  children  .
 chapmangregory  scottadamssays walls will help        comb of wall tec even better   its a deterrent  so it will help .
 realdonaldtrump mexico pay for that wall yet   yeah  i didnt think so    .
 realdonaldtrump not much  you have failed  no wall  mexico isnt paying for it and now youre moving them into san .
    traitorsfromhellnews   this dick face not only did not invade mexico to pay for his shit fuc .
 chuckrock  grace4ny  realdonaldtrump english    in 2 5 years he hasn t fulfilled his biggest campaign promises of bu .
 realdonaldtrump you have failed  no wall  mexico isnt paying for it and now youre moving them into sanctuary cit .
 realdonaldtrump sooooo since you were 100  correct that means mexico is paying for the wall     if mexico isn  .
 realdonaldtrump what do you know  mr chapter 11  mr  collusion  mr  cheater  mr  wont have time to play golf  mr .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn well since she is not from mexico  that proves the wall for you is about white nationalism  .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  we will never forget  .
 sarah skg 1983  kimtruthmatters mexico is paying for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump you accomplish nothing bone spurs  how is mexico doing on paying for that wall bone spurs  hows t .
 nino dawg  cnn  repkatieporter its a easy standard to live up to  i am an honest person  for instance i wouldnt .
 tonyposnanski  realdonaldtrump and mexico will pay for the wall .
 dncgarbage  esp hon  alyssa milano i love the middle class tax break trump and the gop promised would happen befor .
 realdonaldtrump i will never forget you have padded your pockets  screwed the middle class and failed to get mexic .
 radelsue  realdonaldtrump he has fulfilled gop policies  tax cuts for the rich  deregulations and judicial appoint .
is anyone going to tell this racist cunt that ilhan omar is somalian  and the other side of that wall is mexico  .
 radelsue  realdonaldtrump what  promises  are you talking about   surely not that mexico was going to pay for the .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx bs  try delivering on your promise that mexico would pay for your damn wall  this is .
 realdonaldtrump send all the demoncraps to california and make that their own country  extend the wall up from mexico to oregon .
 toweryrandy  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico paying for the wall  fixing healthcare .
 markyoungtruth she s 100  correct  look at the omnibus spending bill trump just signed  look at the wall  hint  wh .
 cher so build the wall  stop illegal immigration  and make asylum seekers stay in mexico  trumps been saying that since day one .
 sandrakimdone  flamingpuck  cher if you think a wall wouldn t work then why does it work so well in israel  why do .
 radelsue  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall.
 radelsue  realdonaldtrump really  the wall  mexico is not paying   healthcare  infrastructure  release of his taxe .
 nino dawg  surtchilling  cnn  repkatieporter like mexico paying for the wall  one lie after another  factcheck keeps tracking the lies .
 cher  cher you are still an idiot  it should have been apparent from the beginning  amp  people like you should b prom .
 potus will release his taxes when the audit is done and when mexico pays for the wall and n korea gets rid of its .
 radelsue  realdonaldtrump like the wall and mexico paying for it .
 ozman024  bankweststadium mexico will pay for the wall.
it would cost around  150 million per year to maintain  illegal immigrants have been in the united states since 198 .
 rachel4politics i will build a great wall and mexico will pay for it  .
while mexican government s rhetoric towards asylum seekers is more welcoming  many operational  amp  funding obstacles .
 senschumer dems  immigrants from guatemala honduras  amp  el salvador r your problem 2  the us needs 2 flood those are .
 realdonaldtrump you said mexico would pay for your wall  we will never forget  .
new emerson poll finds a plurality of voters support building a border wall between u s  and mexico  support oppose .
 realdonaldtrump memo to base  just kidding about loving wikileaks  also mexico will pay for the wall  not one plan .
 realdonaldtrump were building a wall and mexico is paying for it   well never forget .
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget    mexico will pay for the wall      i have no deals  no business in or with russ .
the wall is being built to protect the american people  mexico should pay for the wall  the american people pay anu .
 realdonaldtrump shut up and sit down      mexico will pay for the wall        nothing you say is true.
 adasomg  realdonaldtrump president trump is such a winner that  he has failed to live up to his biggest promise of .
avocados are only so hyped up right now because people worry mexico won t be able to get them passed trumps wall.
 realdonaldtrump says the guy who shut down his own government because he was throwing a hissy fit about funding fo .
you have paid hash money for multiple women    you admit on tape that you like sexually assaulting women    you said me .
 kristatheyoung1 the democrats have been very successful at branding a wall as anti humanitarian       we don t need a .
i think  gavinnewsom should be allowed to dismantle the border walls between california and mexico  provided he use .
why the wall is a bad idea   realdonaldtrump   catholic   popefrancis   mexico.
this one is interesting in light of president trump s wall       from 1830 to 1834 mexico forbade american immigration  .
 anthonyolivebr2  curlygramma  nyinla2121  devincow no  he s not doing a great job  unless your definition of a gre .
 ap remember how he said he wasn t going to use anyone else s money  only his own   remember how his followers thou .
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget you said mexico will pay for the wall     hows that going  fatlazystupiddonald .
 realdonaldtrump nancy  who has lost all control of congress and is getting nothing done        remember when nancy f .
 realdonaldtrump why did you lie about mexico paying for your border wall  we all heard mexico say we are not going .
black wall exist and mexico paid for it .
 realdonaldtrump the president is no longer ordering congress or mexico to pay for his wall    it was always about im .
 30oneil  charliekirk11 we have barriers  we need funding to improve the technology  no one says we want open borde .
 missy55923315  tonyposnanski  realdonaldtrump especially one elected for how much winning he was supposed to do  .
 saracarterdc lopez obrador is an old bernie sanders style marxist  give him 60 days tops to prove he s serious or .
 realdonaldtrump mr  i dont know anything about the payments      mr  i dont see why it would be russia       mr  me .
the wall has never been about mexico or immigrants  it s a white supremacy platform   fighthate we are a nation of .
so to save money and maybe get everyone on board  we should build a wall the height of target fields center field .
heres a thought  why doesnt trump just build a wall  maybe even have mexico pay for it  .
 cher  nytimesarts have u forgot mexico cher    there over there let them feed them before they illegally crash our wall .
 realdonaldtrump trump deals after 28 months       healthcareno   mexico wallno   the e u no   chinano   iranno   n k no   tr .
 apertura   wall street abre mixto y el dow jones baja un leve 0 03     .
 mondaymorning    mr  trump  2016 i like to announce my candidacy for president  i m going to replace obamacare  make .
 realdonaldtrump totally agree  and you should demand payment from mexico for wall  if you didnt blatantly lie abo .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse you had both houses of congress for two years and didnt get anything done        your imm .
 realdonaldtrump        they re out looking for the money that mexico gave you to build your vanity wall  where is it  .
 realdonaldtrump get that check from mexico for your vanity wall  as you promised the american people  before you t .
 edlittlertv  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump really   a big beautiful reinforced concrete wall he promised  and did mexico pay for it .
 llkmakenup  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx how s that wall coming    it s only been 3 years    did mexico pay .
mexico is stealing his wall as it s constructed  amp  repurposing the concertina wire for home protection  i love our .
 thatwitchuknow  lindatravelguru  donaldjtrumpjr mexico is going to pay for the wall   go ask  westernunion .
while weve been distracted debating a wall that  realdonaldtrump promised mexico would pay for  china has been inv .
 realdonaldtrump any chance we can use el chapo drug   2 help mexico build its sb wall  amp  in return mexico helps   b .
 krassenstein many haitians fearing deportation have fled to canada maybe canada should build  the wall or ask tr .
ill release my taxes       im under audit       ill sit with mueller       ill have the best health care plan       i alone can .
trump is still reminding us that be became president  we wonder why he keeps saying that  could it be his failure t .
 resistersis20 the greatest trick the devil ever played was to convince 62 5 million deplorable people that mexico .
 pirtesha  jimkilbane  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx you asked for one and here it is    mexico is paying .
 sarah skg 1983 you forgot about the money from mexico to pay for that wall .
 realdonaldtrump exacley you were going to fix healthcare immigration   mexico was going to pay for the wall  taxes .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx hey rd   he said mexico would pay for the wall   nope   said a better .
 donaldjtrumpjr send them all there to shitafornia     then please block them with a wall just like mexico.
 epochtimes attorneys argued that mexico is too dangerous for asylum seekers  well all the more reason to build a b .
 landingway  realdonaldtrump start busing them to mexico  build the wall  and use the military to forcibly stop the .
i think  chers next tweet will be about building a wall and making mexico pay for it   .
 tpm uh huh  just like building a wall and mexico will pay for it  and caravans  and being audited  and bringing ba .
 0548fbfcb626415  truerjara  realdonaldtrump maybe he should shut the government down again and see how that works .
also                     trump  trump2020  trumptaxreturns  wall  thewall  mexico.
 mzhemingway can t trump give foreign aid funds to mexico with conditions  such as you build  amp  enforce wall along y .
trump should give foreign aid funds to mexico with condition  build  amp  enforce wall along your 540 mile southern bor .
 msnbc  passarelliallan they can start with the fact that many americans had huge tax increases  or that americans .
 gopchairwoman will  bus them in  replace the chant of  build that wall          mexico is paying for the busses   .
 jonestf715  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump nope  a wall is useless  unless a wall around you and trump  .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer  repadamschiff  msnbc  realdonaldtrump the buses are coming to your golf courses and hot .
 ninaandtito i guess mexico isn t paying for the wall.
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx are you serious     45 lies an average of 10 times every day     that is .
 marklutchman build a wall around california with an open border to mexico  this will not solve all problems  but i .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump sorta like using military project funds and calling it mexico paying for the wall .
 oilfield jobs  msnbc  joenbc yeah  now that he got the wall built and got mexico to pay for it  there is no tellin .
i know that sending the illegals to sanctuary cities sounds great but we don t need any more send them or keep them .
 vancity29  moneymades  asharangappa  the best negotiator who couldn t get his wall built the first two years of hi .
 realdonaldtrump start with a wall  mexico would throw us in jail if we retired down there without going through the legal process .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx the  bureaucratc machine  certainly hasn t prevented you from delivering on your pro .
 rrman323  markdice  cher brian  how much money and resources do you think its costing us to apprehend 100 000 imm .
 realdonaldtrump this is dumb  what does branding a company have to do with running for president  you got elected .
 damyr427  realdonaldtrump mexico is already paying alright by trying to deal with the teeming masses that cant get through the wall .
 cher  clwtrbkatty tell it to nancy pelosi and her comunists colleagues in congress who dont want a wall built between the usa and mexico .
 donaldjtrumpjr remember when your dado said he would build the wall  amp  mexico would pay  remember the great health .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx he didn t promise to cut ss medicare medicaid public school funding health care for .
 realdonaldtrump r u insane   every day u tweet this  amp  get the same answer  since about 64  do not want ur wall or .
 realdonaldtrump i thought you were gonna fix everything by having mexico pay for the wall  well i guess that was a .
 peter frenna  darrenw94693241  nychriskan  nyjets cause hes finding out why most new yorkers didnt vote for him  .
 gop  realdonaldtrump trump s budget cuts social security and medicare       senior citizens will pay for the gop tax c .
 mrcolinboyd  realdonaldtrump lol i was raised being told that most politicians are liars   it still doesn t change .
 realdonaldtrump why don t you  why don t you have mexico pay for the wall  why don t you have a new health care pl .
 realdonaldtrump failed tactics include       trumpshutdown      zero tolerance  human rights atrocities      border mete .
 realdonaldtrump they never left dc  they aren t going to bother going through more of the wall paid by mexico or b .
 annettegh86  anncoulter i can think of three instantly  1 finding  8b in the budget for wall despite dems refusal .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico will pay for the wall  promise not kept .
 tonyblaitz  theofficertatum probably because mexico is supposed to pay for that bs wall.
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico will pay for the wall  .
 jester1229  georgetakei blind how his supporters are ok that americans were hurt by his screwed up government shut .
 malicae  daveweigel so  then he is building the wall so he cant cross into mexico       .
 realdonaldtrump havent you tweeted this 100 times already  you should keep your promise and get mexico to pay for your wall .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx hey real defender    mexico will pay for the wall  the deficit will b .
 fendar  stancrenshawtx  beanstown106  cher imagine how much he couldve boosted it if we werent funding a billion .
pelosi has been in office for 3 months   for nearly two years republicans controlled both house of congress   where .
 cher  nytimesarts starving people crashing the wall   they could farm  amp  forage their lands back home for food  but .
 brandon r horan  tonyposnanski  jaketapper  presssec and let s not forget mexico is paying for the wall   and he d .
 realdonaldtrump you have the power as  potus to fix this  congress is corrupt on both sides and the time for negot .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn considering that mexico will pay for the wall  you want her deported to the usa  .
 realdonaldtrump no matter what they do  you ll never deliver on your campaign promise of having mexico pay for the  wall        cannotmakeadeal.
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump the orange anus and the republican party don t want common sense immigrat .
 realdonaldtrump why is mexico not paying for your racist wall   .
marc lotter  fmr dir  of strategic comms   trump 2020 campaign just admitted on  cnn that trump s immigration plan  .
 realdonaldtrump and mexico will pay for the wall .
 marklarflash  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico paying for the wall is hilarious        is k .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico will pay for the wall  how is that promise working out .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx yeah like mexico will pay for the wall .
 dittopost  realdonaldtrump he did give us a massive deficit and lots of criminal arrests among the people he hired .
2 000 miles almost  his budgeting cannot be correct  got to be more expensive than that in man hours alone .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall  mexico will pay  .
    justyce     realtt2020  corybooker  potus trump has common sense solutions  congress against what ever he does  .
 realdonaldtrump they ll be happy to talk immigration but just don t mention the wall that mexico was going to pay for.
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi the thing is  a house is what   a couple acres  our border with   mexico is a couple th .
 realdonaldtrump hows that wall mexico is paying for .
 realdonaldtrump call congress when mexico drops off the check for the wall .
.
 realdonaldtrump you should get busy and get your payment from mexico for that wall.
 owildcard  handel l  realdrgina  kayajones  realdonaldtrump  tomilahren  ainsleyearhardt  aoc  ashadahya .
 usbpchief  whitehouse better yet   remove the wall  and put it around california    between the united states and little mexico .
 maga  media  lindatravelguru  donaldjtrumpjr how about you look up  lies trump has told  and get your list  but le .
 mexico is stealing the wall     .
so   did anyone submit their tax return on a postcard this year  or will that be coming when mexico pays for the .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx he did promise mexico would pay for his wall  his lie is creating his chaos.
 realdonaldtrump um you think windmills cause cancer  finlands citizens rake their forests  that mexico is payin .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx wow  you failed on getting mexico to pay for the wall  you instantly gave up on tryi .
just checking in today  realdonaldtrump to find out if mexico mailed the check for the wall   wherearethepesos .
 realdonaldtrump kind of like how you rebranded  mexico paying for a wall  into miga  .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx you promised mexico would pay for the wall  you also promised transparency  drain th .
but somehow ivanka has forgotten an unfortunate fact  it was because of her husband s genius plan to goad trump int .
 what are we doing today  then      modeling a tiny city in mexico  near the border wall     this seems weirdly prescie .
 atrupar  gstephanopoulos  i ll take the president s word for this any day over     we know  sarah  we know too wel .
 tomilahren then   i m gonna build a wall and mexico is gonna pay for it and we re gonna keep out the brown people  .
 indgop  realdonaldtrump  mike pence where is the republican health insurance plan  where is the wall that mexico p .
 eco  wildlife alarm   trumps border wall could impact an astonishing 10 000 species  the list  put together by a .
 jordanuhl maybe mexico will do the same and deport their unwanted folk the other side of the wall   because  ya .
what s better than a wall on the southern border  which mexico s current leaders laugh about publicly in front of d .
 gop  stevescalise and mexico is paying for that wall     .
buy a brick  build the wall act of 2019  h r  32  authorizes the department of the treasury to accept gifts of mone .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx is out poor little  donald jealous of  speakerpelosi     lol how typically .
pictographs from at least 3000 bc      wall painting yagul mexico    relax.
mexico pay for that wall .
 angaua  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx so mexico cut us a check for the wall  i believe that was one of several unf .
 williamharker2  adamschiff the wall is not funded by mexico and unlike you and any of his idiotic no information a .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx i ll make mexico pay  write a check  for the wall  let s keep that promise  ok  .
pictographs from at least 3000 bc      wall painting yagul mexico    relax.
 williamharker2  adamschiff isis remains  the wall is not getting built yet but when it begins mexico is not paying .
this is wonderful  and obviously inspired by rostropovich doing the same at the berlin wall  .
 cspanwj .
 mauidiver1  pennyfarringto1 i am  no welfare for illegals   no allowing of wired money to mexico for illegals   no .
 mexico is not paying for the wall mexico is stealing the wall  oh boy this is funny .
 newtgingrich republican have no plan for health care no plan for wall  mexico gonna pay the best lie trump had  no .
watching  conanobrien without borders mexico and im so happy  such a great response for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes nancy is to the left as you are to the right lmfao  tell me again how mexico is paying .
dont like do like mexico  trump would have to scale the wall or eat his words or check his map  mexico is part o .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx   realdonaldtrump       president trump at his absolute best has not delivered many of .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx the promise was that mexico would pay for the wall   trump could not deliver and has .
 iheartmindy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders the left is so intolerant    as your friend here says a legal immigrant and .
build a wall around california fuk mexico.
 antoniomarino58  cityoftworivers  alyssa milano says the person that voted for a misogynist racist bigot and belie .
 ughtohillary  youtube sounds like we need a few dams as well as a huge wall       keep mexican poop in mexico .
 krisvin2004  leonarddavis1  msnbc  realdonaldtrump  potus what happened to mexico is gonna pay for the wall  what .
 elianatrue  realdonaldtrump where s your proof trump lied about not knowing about wikileaks he lied about tax cuts .
 joeo62  realdonaldtrump  davekinchenusa trump lied about not knowing wikileaks he lied about tax cuts to the middl .
 bmracingclub  r1chardfreedman in mexico they d get 90k to see two last placed teams in the aerial ping pong becaus .
bravo  yo yo ma       .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes shes only been there since the end of january    you had two years with both houses to .
 randyer39054318  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump yes thank you lord  he lied about not knowing wikileaks  he lied .
bc  mexico will never pay for a wall  but it will pay for          wc  inappropriate dreams about daddy       vote on thi .
forget a wall between mexico and the us  y all should build a wall between us and the sea because sea levels are rising due to your inaction.
 deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump what winning  he lied about not knowing wikileaks  he lied about tax cuts to the .
last time i checked  mexico was on the other side of the wall and not somalia        you cousin fuccin hillbillies need .
 iguessiwillswim  lrihendry  suzmw03  realdonaldtrump where s the proof  he lied about not knowing wikileaks  he li .
 therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump where s the proof  he lied about not knowing wikileaks  he lied about tax cuts to .
 mcfallsr1  real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx yeah  like mexico paying for the wall  a healthcare plan t .
 angaua  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx where s the proof  he lied about not knowing wikileaks  he lied about tax cu .
racial superiority is a mere pigment of the imagination  the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bord .
 iantpaul  dmck52 unlimited immigration   a wall with mexico  a clampdown on visas  get real  theyre facing the sa .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 mainvolume  emilyrshelley  tyl3r59518097  andress45303251  doz133  grundemt  rosemodema  musenull  rcevans623c .
 bekahdon  rhondahurley2  flowersoffate  browningwise  potus  secpompeo  potus should park a destroyer on each side .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx he promised to repeal and replace obamacare with sth soooooo much bet .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx you cant keep your promise because mexico wont pay for your wall  what about the o .
 bethe57  jessewooten18  realdonaldtrump this is admitting that trump lied about mexico paying or about any wall ex .
 eugenegu  realdonaldtrump what about trump saying mexico was going to pay for the wall    we should never forget to .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes you scared  donald   you sound scared   and jealous   you jealous  thought you said you .
build that wall  and get one of those big canons that they shoot the guy out of at the circus  and shoot pelosi and .
 realdonaldtrump please fix albuquerque new mexico  we are victims of the drugs and violence from the southern bord .
top story   reuters   watch  activists opposing president trump s proposed border wall flew a trump baby blimp duri .
top story   reuters   watch  activists opposing president trump s proposed border wall flew a trump baby blimp duri .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico would pay for the wall  lie  you will release taxes  lie  you will release th .
 realdonaldtrump instead of wasting money moving them to cali  just build the boarder wall up the state line of cal .
people in  mexico scavenging materials from donny s stupid wall is the best news ever  racist builds wall and cuts .
 laymanmetalaity  adamschiff wall funded by mexico  see nafta renegotiated    there is more than one way to get someb .
 mylandburke  cspanwj just like mexico paying for the wall  his heart is in the right place .
mexico is stealing trump s wall      .
 12secondslater  thergk  cnnbrk equivalent  no  trump has given up on mexico paying for the wall and is trying to s .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico paying for the fucking wall yet  pay down the national debt  h .
 brandongroeny how realistic that theres going to be a wall like you think and mexico pay for it  its not a matte .
 cnn  who knew that healthcare was so complicated      few people know that abraham lincoln was a republican      mexic .
 timmurtaugh  kayleighmcenany  realdonaldtrump all the money in the world won t get this con man re elected    mexico .
 watspn1013 aloha sister   thanks for sharing this story    sick and tired of the evil coming out of hollyweird  .
 watu84101967  advbarryroux  our da go to school  amp  get an education no country has a physical border with the other .
 graceann319  gop  realdonaldtrump have you ever given any thought to trump s very first lie    that he doesn t need .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes where is your health care plan   where are your taxes   where is mexicos check for the wall .
even ft lauderdale florida says build the wall and the dont butt up to mexico   trump  trump2020  realdonaldtrump .
im happy to believe a wall will somehow stop drug trafficking from mexico  but is there a wall that can save us fr .
 realdonaldtrump yeap   that sounds like  great leaderaship  to me idiot   are you planning to build a wall around .
 annettegh86  anncoulter 12 year high of illegal crossings  more than under obama  amp  bush  giving one year warning t .
 qanon now trump s puppet  cult followers  see why xi putin need a dick tator as their own puppet  wake up  he will .
red bench   albuquerque   new mexico   home decor   wall art   fine art photography   print   matted .
artist makes political statement by building u s  mexico border wall made of che .
 ap trump also said he would release his tax returns if elected    the wall mexico would pay for it  and would be s .
 funnyinvegas do tell three mexican countries  what a hell of a feat  did trump mention which mexico was paying for the wall .
 brensonmaddox  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump he s going to get mexico to pay for the wall   unemployment is down .
 splugg1  kdhcharley  tedlieu and u believe him  did mexico pay for the wall too.
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico   smartnews.
yes building the wall  fighting the courts  negotiating with mexico  can u name one thing the dems have done to hel .
 johnsonjoeb so  he didn t build the wall he promised his cult that mexico was going to pay for  didn t shut down s .
 katrinapierson sounds like we need a new president   the current one lied about knowing how to get mexico to pay f .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx what promises  mexico will pay for his vanity wall why was the govern .
 annettegh86  anncoulter i don t know if you realize that the wall is being built and money is being taking out of .
 mjevidence  zorddrakon  raz0rfist dude  you realize how stupid you sound  correct  razor is defending mj  who is b .
aside from building the wall  securing our border  punishing mexico and cutting off central america funding  i hope .
the wall is being built   slowly   .
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi gaetz  you ve quickly moved into competition with gym jordan and devin nunez for bigge .
your boss doesn t know how to use an umbrella        your boss thinks wind turbine noise causes cancer        your boss sta .
 godisthatspirit  jdawsey1  rachaelmbade canada has more value than mexico so you must really want a wall between u .
 williamharker2  adamschiff i get it  you dont care that he has failed in business  that he s a crappy negotiator  .
 wuttangie  airplane42  vabvox  msnbc  nbcpolitics lies like  repeal and replace  mexico will pay for the wall  tax .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  va  wired.
 jimi2124  funder i think they know but just dont care as long as they think he is building a wall that mexico is p .
 realdonaldtrump if u would ve done your job  obamacare would ve been repealed  amp  replaced  u wouldn t have lost a r .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico was supposed to pay for the wall   that  was his promise   what  is he doing .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx promises  mexico will pay for a wall  nope  i ll save coal   nope  bi .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx you are a populist in the sense of one to make empty promises  like universal health .
 patrick99659044  craigwe92882845  adamschiff yeah  you don t give two shits about homeless vets   if you did  you .
i would take that deal  we would put the wall cutting california off from the rest of the us and everything the res .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 maria34446383  ryanafournier bottom line  there is no emergency  this is being politicized for gain  he lied  mexi .
 reppeteking  foxnews then defend him against me  no plans for his healthcare reform  just looking to take it from .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx was that when mexico was going to pay for the wall  .
diverting resources because of our weakened immigration status is not acceptable   build the wall  prosecute and de .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump no thanks  mexico is going to build the wall  .
 our true mankind is humanity     herbert george wells the   i will build a great great wall on our southern border .
 12secondslater  thergk  cnnbrk trump said it would be very easy to get mexico to pay for the wall and that the wou .
 ziggiezaggie  sgrettenberger i m sorry  forgot   i d pay for a nice  high wall around him in mexico  yes .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx he promised mexico would pay for the wall  not   he promised to hire .
american citizen here  that is living abroad in mexico  i would like to add that the vast majority of the people he .
mexico is run by the drugs cartels so this will never stop without a wall  .
 barackobama hi barrack its been a long time  about trumps wall waist of tax s  still ufo s will fly over it and st .
 justinsaddle  cassandrarules  presssec yeah calm down   we ll have a beautiful wall mexico will pay for   the swamp wi .
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi american citizen here  that is living abroad in mexico  i would like to add that the v .
 philiprolfes  mccarthy427  cliff sims  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump yeah  like mexico is paying for the wall .
 sleepy blondie  stop trump20 dont forget to mention a wall  any wall  and all the mexico countries .
mexico is stealing the wall    .
president trump has not delivered the wall that mexico was going to pay for .
 maria34446383  ryanafournier illegal immigration through the southern border is down to very low levels  youre de .
i m old enough to remember the bowling green massacre  mass dead bodies across texas and mexico will pay for the wall .
yes mexico is stealing the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx really because he had two years of republican congress and didnt do what he said he .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes and you have not accomplished a thing but chaos and more chaos in the past two years   .
 rehemaneema  aravosis they may be able to spell but they are  just as gullible  bernies ideas are the equivalent .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx happy mexico is paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs president trump  you are the merlin and arthur of the 21st century all rolled into one  .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico will pay for the wall   promise made   promise broken   i have a health care .
stephen colbert secretly idolizes our potus  his repetitious jokes and impersonations have gained him the viewer st .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx yeah like the wall mexico was going to pay for    thanks a lot suckers  .
 gop that s so funny democrats are looking for ways to spend more taxpayer money when the republicans wanting to bu .
 atrupar why dont they build a wall on the southern border of mexico so no one can come in at that point  and yes  .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx so a bureaucratic machine kept mexico from paying for wall causing you to break your .
 tonyohms  itsreallybrant  joemcelyea1  pulpbomb  msignorile  realdonaldtrump isnt mexico the one everyone is worr .
 zacburrage  cher cutting off drugs  amp  violence flowing into our country helps to stop it in mexico also  it will he .
.
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trump campaign promise recap     10  middle class tax cut   failed   insurance rates low .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx who  howabout the promise to release your taxes or mexico paying for the wall or the .
 prezzy91  jackposobiec  saracarterdc  tomfitton  charliekirk11  realcandaceo  kayleighmcenany  joeconchatv .
 knockingbottom  tedlieu  seancasten  presssec  gop more like im paying for a wall that mexico was supposed to pay for.
 johnrut16443350  juliet60098951  19kfish  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump first  what is the size of the .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx so he did get that check from mexico to pay for the wall   thats what he promised .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx did you get that check yet from mexico to pay for the wall    speaking of promises .
shadows from palm trees sway on a balcony wall in machado plaza      carnival  mazatlan  mexico  travel  photo.
 juddge2002don  mscharleys  dustinginsberg  that michaelguy  kaitmarieox  berniesanders everything  if he s talking .
 rae schon  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx numbers   how much is mexico contributing to the wall   where is the midd .
how does mexico pay for the wall  easy  we built it on their soil and tax them though the nose.
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trumps best mexico not paying for wall  shutting down the govt harming economy  amp  800 .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx is trump trying to deliver on his promises regarding mexico paying for the trump w .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx deliver your biggest promise first  mexico is going the pay for the wall    tax cut .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trump promised to release his tax returns  improve infrastructure  and make mexico p .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx so  when s mexico cutting the check for the wall   how about we start with that promise and build on that .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico is going to pay for the medieval wall  priceless .
 kamvtv  realdonaldtrump  60minutes oh  if only they had done as much as donald trump  the guy who financially ruin .
 drhonor of course  twitter alerted me to your tweet as i was knee deep in an article on the refunds for massive co .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired .
usa  faught mexico   today the battle of trumps wall.
watch  activists opposing president trump s proposed border wall flew a trump baby blimp during his visit u s  mexi .
 donaldjtrumpjr build a wall around california with an open border to mexico  this will not solve all problems  but .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trump supporters have their heads in the sand  ill have mexico pay for the wall  i .
 villalvazo13  realdonaldtrump como no defiende a mxico  pero si acepta su ayuda a construir el tren maya  .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx you mean like  mexico will pay for the wall  .
when trump said build a wall  make mxico pay for it he was  in a literal sense  endorsing reparations .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico paying for the wall  broken at least 3x     swamp drained  br .
if we give back the land we stole from mexico we wouldn t have to build a wall mexico will build their own and keep us americans out .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico will pay for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx im still waiting on  mexico will pay to build the wall  promise  if you cant deliver .
 timmyhutch  btc experts  gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump  ivankatrump mexico will pay for the wall  will repeal and .
trump touts rising u s  border  wall   proposes economic penalty on mexico   .
 rednationrising i thought mexico was paying for the wall       liestrumptoldthenation.
 raymond120155  jgsdtx  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx let s just start with the turn out in his inaugurati .
 hanukkahhal maga guy here       ill swear to the truth and you swear to the truth  no party propaganda bs  and lets .
 mwhatsnext  brianplant11  bullystyle311  chicagosmayor when did u get to decide who comes and goes or gets to show .
 pauljaugustine  fairimmigration building a wall isnt a problem it s a solution  mexico won t be willing to give up its sovereignty .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx this is  putinusefulidiot getting mxico to pay for wall   releasing taxes that aren .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx live tweeting and retweeting shows us that donald is sundowning and has run out of o .
mexico stealing the wall   i ve never laughed so hard hearing about this xd .
pro tip for capitalization  used 4 words   the beginning of sentences  please don t tell me i also have 2 explain w .
 thehill they fight trump days n nights  with all their means   press  media    they stop him from building the wal .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx first  who the fuck is steve and why should any of us give a rats ass   the same way .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes when is mexico paying for the wall .
of course trump wants to build a wall on our southern border  everybody knows the bad guys live north of the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump or mexico could pay for the wall like you promised.
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes look whos talking   only thing you and a republican congress could pass was a tax brea .
 agraybee wow       hes upset that trump didnt keep his promises to build a wall and destroy our relations with canad .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx promises   higher deficits  citizens paying tariffs   kids in cages  mexico paying f .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx border wall  not built  not paid for by mexico    tax cuts  for the ric .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx what is this about  dotard    promise that mexico would pay for a wall    promise fo .
tijuana  mexico  built a wall around my house   and donald trump is paying for it         .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx no time for golf  mexico paying for the wall  no campaigning in office like obama  w .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump said hed release his returns  mexico would pay for a wall  hed repeal obamacare  amp  re .
 m3gatoxic  tonyposnanski  barackobama really  where s the wall  is mexico paying for it       oh yeah .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx yea like mexico is going  for the wall  i cheated on my wife .
 davevescio we don t need a wall for mexico  california however    .
 breitbartnews  pressec cool  so no complaints when the dems round up trumputins base  confine them to arkansas  amp  .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx he promised to release his tax returns  he promised to get us out of debt   he promi .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx fact  the  bureaucratic machine  had nothing to due with trump s humiliating failure .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx whatever happened to the campaign promise of mexico building the border wall .
 thefxr1  kamvtv  realdonaldtrump  60minutes still waiting on mexico to pay for the wall  china to stop stealing ip .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx you promised mexico would pay for a border wall along with many things      promises made promises failed .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx when will hillary go to prison    when is mexico paying for the wall  .
 mykeybahh  doseofgabby i was  i mean how the hell trump gonna bill that wall  gonna be mighty expensive right  and .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trump promises  like mexico was going to pay for his monument wall or he wanted to r .
 thehill  presssec apparently he was also joking when he said he would be the president 4 all americans  when he sa .
 billadler so  if i understand you correctly  your only objection to the wonderful things this president has done i .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx oh  did he finally get mexico to pay for the wall .
 amoneyresists  ctpdenver  4evernevertrump  kaitmarieox  berniesanders you really need to learn when trump is jokin .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes how s that whole mexico is paying for the wall going .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx when did he release his taxes  when did mexico pay for the wall  wher .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx hes kept none of them  what planet are you from  do you see mexico c .
cards against humanity against trump      cards against humanity is trying to stop trump s pointless  21 billion wall b .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx trump does not keep his promises      where is the check from mexico for .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx     mexico paying for wall  healthcare  wall nothing happened in firs .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx steve  mexico will pay for the wall   do us a favor   count how many times that si .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx mexico will pay for the wall   i love wikileaks    i dont know what wikileaks is .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx yeah  like mexico sure paid for that wall  .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes dear potus       don t change the subject from       n korea still has nukes  amp       gave you an ult .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx how about that promise for a middle class tax cut  before midterms  right    fail    r .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx lol he hasn t kept many of his promises  no wall  no mexico to pay for wall  more im .
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx what ever happened to mexico building that wall   not the american taxpayers.
 realdonaldtrump  stevehiltonx promises like   mexico will pay for the wall   .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 arthurschwartz  sherricreager stop them and turn them around  mexico its time dont you think     to build a boar .
trump lied about mexico paying for the wall  .
 bitsofwhitt  choosejesus1 i tho t it was a brilliant move on potus  part  so now  suddenly  well stammer stammer w .
 realdonaldtrump is a liar   he lied about mexico paying for the wall  .
 whitehouse he s lying you morons when will you figure it out he saved money  for rich hey where s those great coal .
mexico  lyrics on words of the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump brilliant idea     love  love  love it        add to that  a pledge from mexicos to help build th .
 realdonaldtrump 1st it was mexico will pay for the wall  then the american taxpayer now youre going to take them .
 jaygalbraithl  zeroinscw this is where the donald fucked up    not specifying how mexico would pay for the wall    he .
 realdonaldtrump failure    promises made none met  no wall   no mexico paying for the wall   no better health care   hea .
 kassydillon my brother is in mexico too and having the same problem  this is why theyre getting a wall .
 julessaysjump  badgerlovewi it s true that mexico didn t pay for the wall but i didn t expect them to send a check .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes you sound like a spurned junior high school loser   you know the guy no one talks to at .
 mcpattencogfun  cher im talking about the parts of the wall where there is no wall  its not just about mexico  al .
 whitehouse  flotus  secondlady to sell a shit sandwich of cuts to the military after cutting funds for military ho .
 nrsc  reaganbattalion  socialism  is the new  gop mantra        repeal and replace         tax rich  balance the budget  .
 katie07    talbertswan  realdonaldtrump  60minutes you also did not explain where our new healthcare is  our infra .
 thergk  thunderwalker87  cnnbrk now see  there is the problem        you say that trump claiming that mexico will pay .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes and your administration has done what   health care nope mexico paying for the wall nop .
 brianflorian9  kamvtv  realdonaldtrump  60minutes trumps major promises  healthcare  infrastructure  lower debt d .
ok after binging on game of thrones all week it has occurred to me that donald trump has watched too much game of t .
 liberty4rox  kelanders14  markdice  cher property owners directly on the border are leery of imminent domain  its .
 cher we are being invaded  cher  don t think that they won t climb over your wall  they are coming in bus loads  b .
 linda22222222  dan35456  donaldjtrumpjr build a wall  mexico will pay  immigrants have feet so they can walk to yo .
i cant wait for fox news to reference the wall breach from game of thrones in the morning and 45 to fire off something about mexico.
 gurglegurgles  kevmacd  tweetthisbabe  cher build that damn wall    it s still a detour and will be one of many wa .
where do they belong  arizona  amp  texas  amp  new mexico seems just wonderful to the generous minded ny  dc  amp  california .
if only a dragon could burn down the wall between mexico and the united states   gameofthronesseason8.
dear  realdonaldtrump  given that its thrones day i think it needs to be said  unless theres white walkers in mex .
 the unsilent  a stable genius who is called a moron by the best people he hired    the best negotiator  that c .
 traumalifeline  kabamur taygeta yes  thank you for saying that  i live in az and crosses into mexico yesterday  no .
 seanhannity trump s solution for central american refugees  threaten  bully  mock  and incite hatred fear with lie .
 realdonaldtrump  60minutes speaking of no meaningful legislation  hows infrastructure week  the mexico paid wall  .
 fleccas reminds me acosta walking along a wall in mexico saying its super safe  no kidding thanks for making the point   .
 12secondslater  thunderwalker87  cnnbrk 12 seconds later  you have got to be f  ing kidding me     you are either wi .
 edkrassen wayment     he went from mexico is gonna pay for a wall  to were sending immigrants to our best cities .
 realdonaldtrump oh  so is mexico paying for the wall like you promised  no  just another lie .
new dhs policy is brilliant  illegal invader caravan will not get in  catch and detain in mexico requires all asylu .
the object of the game now is to make america less affordable for those wanting to flee  america is now the worst h .
 robbystarbuck  facethenation i ve got a great idea  fingerprint  take dna and a mugshot of every illegal caught th .
 emilygross1  juliet60098951  19kfish  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump then why does mexico have a wall on .
 dianediscerns  johnfugelsang were building a wall and mexico is paying for it   i dont know anything about wiki .
 the trump train they would demand a wall and they would coerise mexico to pay   dems are hypocrites .
what if i climbed the wall to get in mexico id be shot if i survived i would be detained and never see my country .
 rusty pharris  badgerlovewi first  i really appreciate the civility  here and want to keep it that way       but  wh .
yo yo ma  5 things on the renowned cellist who played on border  u s  isnt a full hotel .
 spockresists factories would come back and would be good factorie jobs again  not    do away with obama care and get .
 realdonaldtrump how about the congress  amp  the american people make the decision and not your hand picked  crooked  .
mexico paid for the wall in 2016  believe trump.
 theblaze this is an invading army and we better have enough military armed and ready   mexico better get busy with .
 presssec that liberal  judge was following the law  you might want to suggest to the president of the united state .
 breitbartnews seeing as immigrants commit crimes less often than trump supporters im sure they will understand wh .
madam  speakerpelosi    re  ur 60 minutes performance    u forgot    there s always been bipartisan support 4the wall     u .
 realdonaldtrump failure   promises made  promises unfulfilled  no wall  no mexico paying for it  more immigrants t .
 realdonaldtrump hey  and if mexico would have paid for the wall as you promised  you wouldnt have to hold our cou .
hundreds of sheriffs from 40 states have called on congress to fund president donald trump s initiative to build a .
hey  maga  has the  shitholepresident gotten mexico to give him a down payment on the wall yet  suckers   .
 realdonaldtrump there is no wall  mexico isn t going pay for it  there are more asylum seekers that ever  you ran .
 realdonaldtrump lets be honest mr  president  a border wall is not a great idea for a secure solution    but a dit .
 cooperrori  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump and trump wants us to be more russian  worst president in my lifetime  9000 .
 realdonaldtrump    trumpty dumpty wanted a wall       trumpty said mexico would pay for it all       mexico said no to the b .
 mfmf100  maparen  sianoresist  realdonaldtrump  youtube any republic would ve done the same thing  that s not a ke .
 roystonpotter trump the time traveler      1958   trackdown    the end of the world     build magnetic antigravity wal .
 kimsagaricloud1  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump but not ashamed of the worst president in my lifetime  9000  lies  16 .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall   trump 2020   invade mexico     no need for a wall then  lol.
mexico must have paid for that wall by now .
 dianediscerns  johnfugelsang diane  i m with you  windmills cause cancer  mexico is paying for the wall  and alex .
 dianediscerns  johnfugelsang saying   mexico s gonna pay for the wall   and not being able to close his umbrella b .
didn t trump and ryan promise that the new tax plan would simple enough to fit on a postcard   oh yeah  they also s .
 spockresists build the wall and have mexico pay for it    no              repeal acha no  .
 realdonaldtrump send them all to nancy  tear down the wall between mexico and ca  nancy believes it is immoral .
 realdonaldtrump can you see why you having claimed you never said mexico would fund the wall  or that you loved wi .
 rp robinson  billritter7  realdonaldtrump  realjameswoods  donaldjtrumpjr fear of others that are not like you   r .
 ap what happened to mexico will pay for the wall and ill pay for my own campaign  just asking .
 nosafetypinneed  tracybeanz give socal back to mexico  build the wall above fresno  then all is well.
i think  realdonaldtrump just found a new donor to fund the wall  forget mexico paying for it  let hollywood  .
 dianediscerns  johnfugelsang indeed  for example mexico is paying for the wall and obama was born in kenya  furthe .
yo yo ma  5 things on the renowned cellist who played on border  u s  isnt a fullhotel  via  hollywoodlife.
 rkfromny  wacvetbklyn  sddnole  crawc60  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump he said mexico would pay for his wall  then he .
 shellbacksteve  wacvetbklyn  sddnole  crawc60  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump did he say mexico is givin him a check    .
border patrol agent assaulted in texas  suspects flee across river to mexico  this incident is an example of the th .
 rkfromny  wacvetbklyn  sddnole  crawc60  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump and mexico is paying for the wall  and kim jong .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump military  infrastructure  police  fire  border patrol  his wall  which we never believ .
 rawcalcat  ivy1954  monicaerion  acosta he didnt win in a landslide the first time around  his presidential appro .
 justinhillsberg  dunigan88791694  ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump what did trump promise about the wall   .
 spockresists he built the wall and had mexico pay for it  he gave everyone free healthcare and he also gave the mi .
i m watching from the great fly over nation   fox news  stop avoiding the crisis at the border    we need a wall ju .
 chizmaga think about this for a minute  yes  it sounds like an amazingly good idea but what is there to keep them .
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump have you got that check from mexico for the wall yet  just asking for 60 million americans.
 ajc2439  teampelosi  realdonaldtrump votes do matter  the mid terms were a vote against trumps vanity wall  he ran .
 johnny5024  tangobleperdy  thehill mexico is paying for the wall     no   you are  and our military is   .
a  negotiator  who failed with north korea       a  father  who has the hots for his own daughter       a  marketer  who ha .
 billyturnbull4  cs00582sc unamerican  long list but  lying to the american people  over 10k lies  his plan for low .
 justinhillsberg  ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump failed at challenge you are still a fkn parrot   come on .
 rawstory he also promised to release his taxes after the 2016 election     to build a wall and have mexico pay for .
 realdonaldtrump did mexico pay for the wall yet  also  wheres that middle class tax break you said congress was passing last november .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico .
 cullenburnscd29  realdonaldtrump said nk was denuclearized  said flynn wasn t lying  said climate change is a hoax .
oh  wow  that s just freaking hilarious  i get it    on the campaign trail  he just does his stand up comedy routin .
 methodskeptic  leftoverture   erindows  maddyjo1947  fraser anning the  wall  is not being built from money that t .
 saintsnation7  thegoodgodabove in mexico near tecate there is a somewhat recently built wall  it prevented predato .
 jordanuhl kb show america the check from mexico paying for the wall .
 lmchristi1  musingsbygritxo  gavinnewsom  speakerpelosi  repmaxinewaters  senkamalaharris  agbecerra if they came .
 realkylemorris  presssec they want some more of that trump money  wasn t mexico supposed to pay for a wall       .
 ravenrantz  gopchairwoman  jim7911  realdonaldtrump file that bs with mexico will pay for the wall  he s had 2  ye .
 thechrissuprun you mean mexico isn t paying  100   for the wall .
who will have the largest presence in the wall     india  brazil and mexico apparently         yourfateawaits .
 realdonaldtrump  carebear65 send all of them to california       then build the wall and give california to mexico       g .
maybe drop them off in new mexico  if they cross in arizona  or if they cross in texas send them to california  or .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn um  she s a us citizen and sitting member of congress  there is no system to deport her  you .
this is confusing  on the one side  trump wants the wall to mexico and on the other side  he gives advices like thi .
 realdonaldtrump should tax every dollar sent into mexico from usa  money would help build the wall and reduce deficit     boycottmexico.
would be great if the president actually built his wall and kept those lowly no good cardinals  amp  reds down in mexico.
 breeves24  samdelasr787  tdubaya64  charliekirk11  berniesanders have i heard of anyone else going abroad for heal .
tulum mexico street map wall decor poster  70 color options  prices from  9 95  available at inkistp .
 whitehouse facts  same family of four       paying higher prices for gas    paying higher rx drug prices   not getti .
 thedailybeast and what about hed show us his tax returns after the audit  and mexico would pay for the wall   and .
sounds like a good reason to have a wall        anybody thought about building a wall  i m just asking for a friend  th .
the state of new mexico is whining and wanting help for the illegal alien invaders that are being dumped in their s .
but yeah  he ll show his taxes when he s not under audit  which will be when he s out of office  just trust him and .
 realdonaldtrump you could of had 4  gdp this last quarter   but no  instead you had fight congress over your stupi .
 go goley throughout history  narcissists are compelled to leave a monument  that s all the wall has ever been and .
bravo  yo yo ma       .
 trump8year  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
 essenviews stands to reason since he was also joking about mexico paying for the wall  releasing his tax returns  .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 redmission84  cnn  repjerrynadler 1  trump wants billions for a wall  sorry  but i don t support that  i seem to r .
 roxaroo2  theamazingjeesh  jimkilbane  realdonaldtrump listen carefully he says what you want to hear    he said whe .
 gspatton007 build the wall along mexico s boarder up along nevada  and westward along oregon s southern boarder wi .
 spex76com  hansenrc need a wall around minnesota just as badly as fucking mexico .
 tsparks611  thehill i forgot facts you people dont agree with are fake news     my bad i forgot     but what i sa .
 realdonaldtrump  potus government got back more than that from fines of manafort alone  dont lie about that  you .
 trump8year  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods oh now i get it   mexico is gonna pay for the wall with pain and suffering    .
 mcpattencogfun  flamingpuck  cher if a wall won t help  you think pouring more funds into a nation like mexico whe .
 fairimmigration mexico will pay for the wall  .
why are you surprised  this is the fool that said mexico was going to pay for his stupid wall  .
 mcpattencogfun  flamingpuck  cher if the wall is built it will force them to take the legal route in   meanwhile w .
 tsparks611  thehill smart enough to know mexico wasnt paying for no fkn wall  .
 mcpattencogfun  flamingpuck  cher the cartels are the problem not the people  if you cut off their revenue streams .
 jordanuhl finally proof there is no racist intent behind the wall because it makes perfect sense to to deport a bl .
 dalekzag  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump hope you re not going to hold your breath while you wait for this to happen  .
 trump8year  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods i heard that mexico paid for the wall  it a huge wall  it s bigly big  it  .
 hapkidobigdad  pete4usa hey moron  you were talking about platitudes   wall has not been built and paid for by mex .
 indgop  jasonsmithny  realdonaldtrump  mike pence ha ha ha ha    you might as well have posted that you are fine w .
of course he will bcuz hes hiding whats in there  he also said he was going to give out his tax return right afte .
 flamingpuck  cher trump is not correct i neither are you a wall wont help but if we go to mexico and help them wi .
 whitehouse aliens  foreigners  non christians   visas   good bye america   which flag do we hoist   muslim brother .
 jenna92821  realdonaldtrump it worked with mexico paying for the wall .
 thumpybones  gbizz01  charliekirk11 what about the trade deficit going up what about this so called wall that he w .
 thickenparm  randygdub  chick in kiev the nonexistent wall that mexico isn t paying for  that wall  ok  numbnuts  .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
 brandtheath  charliekirk11 i agree beandt  all liberals should live in cali and then trump relocates the wall arou .
men build too many walls and not enough bridges    joseph fort newton the   i will build a great great wall on ou .
 kechupon  e yacht  ap there s nothing at all racist about a wall   mexico has a wall on its southern border   isra .
 presssec will you just knock it off with all of the bullshit propaganda trying to defend the money that trump want .
  davidgilmour  rogerwaters come up with a few ideas about maybe writing a follow up album of the wall called after .
 realdonaldtrump please mr president   put the army and marines on the border   ice and border patrol alone cannot .
 hapkidobigdad  pete4usa like drumpf then       wall instead of a wall paid for mexico    obamacare crippled rather than a better replacement .
 trump8year  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods you support a bloke who promised you a border wall that mexico would be pa .
 realsaavedra  sebgorka when are we going to just put a wall around california and give it back to mexico problem solved.
 redwaverising  daizie423  danrather for instance       build the wall at mexicos expense  check     replace obamacare  .
 jimtankersley  bencasselman my tax burden was about  100 lower than last year s  i m heading out later today to bu .
 rjjordan13  jerylbier  brithume  aoc let me know when mexico is going to pay for the wall  or when trump delivers .
 realdonaldtrump the you must hate yourself cause when it counts you fail  kim jong un played you like a fiddle   .
 jackposobiec yes mr booker the flood of illegals into sanctuary city s and stated does put citizens at risk  glad .
 marklarflash so  let me see if i understand    you are saying the president is holding americans hostage of a threat .
 presssec oh  did mexico agreed to pay for the wall .
once he gets his wall  let s hope mexico doesn t see this .
 realdonaldtrump  themasters  tigerwoods try working douchebag  fill acting positions  fix healthcare  make mexico .
 dontwannabeblah  scdelia  mrandyngo  dbongino  ilhanmn trump can t balance the budget  reform health care or get m .
major league baseball is playing in mexico tonight but trump wont play there unless he gets a wall.
perhaps mexico will pay for a wall after all .
instead of a wall let s build a path from the border to the sanctuary cities   hostile and aggressive migrants br .
did you know   it s possible to drive to canada from mexico in about 75 minutes  in fact  the canadian border is on .
 backt0nature we cannot allow trump s vanity wall to obstruct the centuries old migration patterns of the beautiful .
 realdonaldtrump how do you make sure they stay in california and what about the california patriots   what about t .
 tomilahren  vp  petebuttigieg were not sure the mayor cares too much sugar  he probably wasnt seeking your endor .
 walshfreedom i have no problem slowing illegal immigration if you increase legal immigration from mexico first  bu .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump liar     you have no plan  you say you ll have it after the election     what a joke   .
idea terrorists smuggle anthrax over mexico border  amp  use it to attack americans  build the wall  usatoday  .
 realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods we love you mr president   build the wall  take illegals to ca or mexico  stand up to .
 realdonaldtrump now you have two options   sanctuary cities and sending back to mexico  we should not have any ill .
congress is doing their job you nitwit  they must keep trump from spending billions of our money on a stupid  needl .
 troyv66  frankie79268180 fact is yall cult leader lied mexico paying for wall term limits for congress hillary ge .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn across the border from the proposed border wall would be the country called mexico  it is sou .
    justyce     dhsgov  iheartmindy  parisbarns  parscale  kimguilfoyle  sabine durden  tuckercarlson .
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum what  for mexico to pay for the wall  .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed   newsweek    than .
and he never heard of wikileaks  it isn t his  thing    or said that mexico would pay for the wall  that isn t curr .
 kendilaniannbc and he never heard of wikileaks  it isn t his  thing    or said that mexico would pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump cant get it done your racist way so you want to put on someone else  what about your lie that mexi .
 advancehumanism it s pronounced hey zeus  and the president seems racist in my opinion  and put up a wall  so   go .
 joeynocollusion at trump rallys they tell  lock her up  and  mexico will pay for the wall  trump is anti american garbage.
.
 susmurphy  medit8now  rkhamsi  yoyo ma by that definition  america has no culture  they elected a president who ca .
yo yo ma  5 things on the renowned cellist who played on border  u s  isn  via .
 emsleon start with the first one and then you can take them from there  mexico will pay for the wall .
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo i dont have asylum laws in my home  our country does  i didnt steal my home  europeans .
 therightmelissa  moynihan md  theclown bozo  realdonaldtrump  saraashcraft remember when he repealed and replaced .
 thehill ohhhhh of course  just like he was joking about pardons for border patrol agents that break the law  jokin .
 repadamschiff thats the sound of sarah sanders pounding her head against the wall mexico paid for .
wished bob a good afternoon    i hope he doesnt support building a border wall  and hes had a good time in mxico .
 huffpostpol he should just remove the wall and border patrol from southern california and deed the left coast to mexico  enjoy comrades .
 justinhillsberg  mj dowell  ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump wait wasn t the campaign  promise  that mexic .
 troyv66  vog1443  tomilahren justa explain how mxico will pay for the wall   explain   .
we have  together  a wall  mexico  which are doing so  fake news is amazing  thank you so much.
 the situation on the ground looks much like an overseas operation  long and tedious  and marked by near constant l .
 alyssa milano a slight correction  americans except trump supporters aren t dumb  trump tells them mexico will pay .
 josephdburns2  soofriends  headdock  chief1pat  loves chichi  dsntslp  equalitycouple  ccontrarus  lelenapeacock .
 realdonaldtrump yes and you have not paid  stormy and  karen  you also did not say mexico will pay for the wall  liar          impeach.
 christo76444109  realdonaldtrump cause you believe mexico is still gonna pay for the wall       a hahahaha   great .
 micheliafido  deniserincon4  pincus daniel  foxnewssunday  presssec mexico will pay for the wall.
hell no   isnt new mexico a sanctuary state   and isnt the governor the ridiculous idiot running through walls .
democrats tell the people of america that dt and the rep have raided medicare and medicaid budget to build th mexico border wall .
 realdonaldtrump i say let california secede from the united states   a lot less votes for the democrats  hell we c .
making a joke about mexico paying for wall  making a joke about lock her up  making a joke about releasing his ta .
 madisongesiotto why cant fuckwad trump get mxico to hills the wall.
 foxnewssunday  presssec she forgot to mention trump was also joking every single time he said that mexico would pa .
 tomilahren i thought mexico was paying  based on campaign promises  .
sarah palin she could see russia  trump  amp  putin have been plotting  mexico wall  is focus    russia is winning the ar .
 ivankatrump and why wasn t there a  0 10 tax on every tomato that comes here from mexico  in order to pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump trump immigration  policy is have mexico build a wall   this is not a policy   you have no policy  .
 headdock  soofriends  chief1pat  josephdburns2  loves chichi  dsntslp  equalitycouple  ccontrarus  lelenapeacock .
 ajking1229  antoniodelotero lmao thats why they literally made a gofundme for u dumbasses to pay for the wall that .
 winterfellpod ive been contemplating if westeros is north america  kings landing is dc  north of wall is canada  .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump democrats abandon obamacare  its the stated policy of the  gop and  realdonaldtrump t .
 nightlypolitics so then we don t need a wall after all  since no caravans get through mexico  your words    mexico is no sending them back .
world mess association  mexico willing to pay for wall around the white house  .
 indictreddon  reyrod7087  cnnpolitics lol when did he say mexico will give him a check for that     btw he has tak .
 cher  realdonaldtrump the residents at the border   most of them rely on being able to access their land that s .
 realdonaldtrump wow  he even has a timeframe  kinda sounds like mexico will pay for our wall  never gonna happen .
 katthehammer1  ask des but mexico  are paying for the wall  unless that was  fake news  told by a  fake trump  at a  fake rally .
 backedwithdata  realdonaldtrump guatemalan wall on the border of mexico and guatemala.
 usatoday still the better option is to return them to mexico  amp  strengthen the unsecure areas    let the mexican govt .
 realdonaldtrump    not only will u not get money from mexico for wall  u add to the deficit by insisting to spend ti .
 realdonaldtrump sweet  little mexico  continue the wall around them too  and offer them a passport to come through .
world renowned cellist yo yo ma made headlines on apr  13  when he peacefully and beautifully played his cello for .
 hrtablaze so true and also  behind the wall on the mexico side  theres signs and throughout mexico cities showing .
 anntensity step to it coulter  your boss aoc wants to meet you at the no wall mexico border .
 condor law  oann  dhsgov  icegov  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi where s mexico s military on their border    rubb .
 chuckcallesto just when you think trump can t say anymore stupid lies  he comes up with another    kinda like when h .
illegals are to be deported   trump   get your act together   you need a new commander of the usa mexico border   p .
 alondaenglish  chris40 cc  realdonaldtrump if trump had really cared about immigration  he would ve looked into th .
 realdonaldtrump are you really that stupid to think that you could get away with that bonehead move  just take the .
it s official  two contracts worth  976 million have been awarded to  american firms for the  construction of pres .
i ve noticed trump has stopped saying the  big beautiful wall is being built and mexico is paying for it   .
 essenviews  eloolym he just has the weirdest sense of humor    was just joking about urging crowds on to beat up on .
 jaydestro  jordanuhl it s entirely logical to them  because the wall in their minds is not merely a barrier betwee .
 cnn im just still in awe we dont send them back to mexico  go home  bye  try again  im sure there is a legal r .
 realdonaldtrump here is your wall  after leaving the wh you ll have plenty of time to ask yourself will looking at .
 barrieweiss  kylekashuv  benshapiro yea that wall paid for by mexico is beautiful .
 jones9802  whitfordbradley we have massive tax reform for the top 1   which has surprised many middle class worker .
how many times did he say mexico would pay for the wall  joking  how many times did he say he wouldn t touch social .
 thebutterknife whenever i think about the wall and climate change  i think about the scene in the day after tomorr .
lol  they like we have the right to be here just like all of us original immigrant descendants  what is gonna amuse .
 skllr55sue    mcclung  n8 the g8  tnkr23  deanobeidallah  realdonaldtrump honey  we didn t say he asked for a chec .
 whitehouse  and he will release the info with his tax returns and his plan to make mexico pay for the wall .
mexico should be buzzing about the wall keep away from these freaks .
 whitehouse  mexico will pay for the wall .
 saracarterdc  lindseygrahamsc  mariabartiromo end birthright citizenship  end all welfare  amp  free education for ill .
 thetweetofgod so what you are saying is     killing 6 milion jews is not as bad as building a wall around mexico .
 presssec thats so kind and cooperative of mexico  did they also send that check for the wall  presssec  you are a .
 pittstiller  cherijacobus  johnhen76646473  chase surf29  nharris25  realdonaldtrump i know at this time i pay my .
 realdonaldtrump looking for us south border solution with mexico    well potus we have virgil van dijk for the wall   livvsche.
 g for president  cherijacobus  johnhen76646473  chase surf29  nharris25  realdonaldtrump how much of your money di .
 soldiers are being shuffled from one border station to the next  theyre contending with food reminiscent of an ou .
 g for president  cherijacobus  johnhen76646473  chase surf29  nharris25  realdonaldtrump its 2019  people dont b .
 newsweek gee kellyanne  i thought we were the dumb ones  they aren t seeking asylum in mexico  are they  i mean  m .
 josephdburns2  soofriends  chief1pat  loves chichi  dsntslp  equalitycouple  ccontrarus  lelenapeacock .
just saw the trump meltdown on twitter from yesterday  so heres the thing  california has been welcoming immigrant .
 geist view  ilhanmn ran on indicates it was a campaign issue promise you know like mexico will pay for the wall .
shipment missed the us mexico border by a thousand miles or so  like others caught in the eastern us    stupid  waste .
 darkvader1776  hi hat truth  burtonharas  ilhanmn um  she said were not funding your racist fucking wall  which i .
 tomasricardos  lyndablooms what winning     mexico isnt paying for the wall  you are     medical costs are super high .
 twittermoments  presssec says trump negotiating for  gameofthrones wall after end of show  he wants mexico to pay .
 newsweek why  minimum wage in mexico  1 and in the usa  10  2017   you don t need a wall to understand that  senatemajldr  .
 yesica wall needs to built to keep the follow of illegals down asylum or not  they have to apply for asylum in the .
what is it you most dislike stupidity  especially in its nastiest forms of racism and superstition  christopher .
 realdonaldtrump  potus want to stop illegal immigration  have mexico build a wall      mexicobuildawall.
 realdonaldtrump all those people that u con into voting  knowing very well that mexico was not going 2 pay to have .
 annettegh86  gw musket we are still building wall but there was no mass deportations  youve been listening to too .
 sarah sanders       never mind about the wall on the mexico border        what we need is a wall on the border between cal .
 asavagenation this is why all of california is mostly of a continuation of mexico between the debt  homeless peopl .
we will never forget donald trump said mexico would pay for a wall       we will never forget he then shut down governm .
 realdonaldtrump sooo    southern border wall and sanctuary city walls  man  you better get cracking dude  mexico o .
 potus idea  offer mexico option to become 51st state joining the u s  look at all the potential  republican voters .
 wsj denuclearization of nk  building a wall  having mexico pay for said wall  shutting down the border  getting ri .
president trump applying impending financial pressure on mexico while concentrating illegals overwhelming bp onto   .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 realdonaldtrump tax the money being transferred by illegals to mexico  use the money for the wall .
 dvillella  atrupar  presssec he was also kidding when he said he d speak to mueller and when he said he d release .
 ungus2112  ferenchak  realdonaldtrump no  his irresponsible rhetoric on closing the border  building the wall  ant .
we don t want them    drop them over our new wall in mexico     .
i think  since ca is a sanctuary state  all overflow illegals should go there  especially to the places where non c .
 msignorile  daveweigel if it wasnt so tragic it would be laughable  he just cant fix it   no wall  no closed b .
 dragonstone1963  mvyrd  realdonaldtrump dragon stone  respectfully you appear to be a socialist idiot   dear leade .
 realdonaldtrump dear potus       nonsense       you re not a psychic       what about       the lawsuit you initiated to rob 30 mi .
 annettegh86 theyre building wall in arizona  hes turned away thousands of asylum seekers back to mexico  thats significant alone .
 thomaslmigliac1  nawalkowsky  ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump it s an easy decision for mexico  make a on .
 sudarshandas  robbystarbuck  facethenation you are pivoting    trump fooled you with his promise of a mexico paid wa .
 patrickkerera you also naawe  we gonna build a wall  maybe even make mexico pay for it  .
 rkwin37  foxnewssunday  senatorcardin i cannot dictate to mexico what their laws should be any more than donald ca .
 yruwhining  cnn a secure border is different then a giant wall  the top 1  have benefited from immigrants  if the .
 lilwitch1111  dudaphillis  einsteinmaga we should sell it to mexico  or to the highest bidder  then us can build a wall around it .
 wsj  christ the redeemer   a giant statue located on mount corcovado is one of the  seven new wonders of the world .
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon    just listed  mexico 2019 12 x 12 inch monthly square wall cale .
  trump  barr  gop  mexico  thewall  brexit  eu  brussels  london  whitehouse.
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon    just listed  la virgen de guadalupe 2019 12 x 12 inch monthly .
 mujahedkobbe so youre saying youre marching a legion of people  illegal immigrants  into a land that is not thei .
 realdonaldtrump and if you did your job  flashback to i wont have time for golf  mexico will pay for the wall  ma .
 realdonaldtrump trump claims he may         close the southern border     build wall paid by mexico     lower illegal imig .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  i agree with you as long as not one more illegal alien is allowed in because of thi .
trump claims he may         close the southern border     build wall paid by mexico     lower illegal imigration      ban mus .
the united states has domestic and international obligations not to deport  asylumseekers to their deaths  but by e .
the united states has domestic and international obligations not to deport  asylumseekers to their deaths  but by e .
 mfmf100  sianoresist do you also believe thats his real hair  real skin color   amp  he weighs 239 lbs  did you belie .
 realdonaldtrump just like you  never said  mexico would pay for the wall  right     conmandon .
 presssec yeah  right  trump promised the best  cheapest  most cost effective coverage with best drug prices  like .
if you believe there s no bigotry on the far left  that it only exists on the right  i have a big  beautiful wall t .
why is there a problem here         if the birds want to eat mexican food they fly over the wall into mexico       if the b .
 realdonaldtrump you re getting nasty  is this  coz you ve failed in your promises to have  mexico pay for your  ex .
 realdonaldtrump speaking of doing their job  when are you going to start  trump campaign lies       healthcare for all .
 sudarshandas  robbystarbuck  facethenation you said he would pay for the wall  with nafta  bc  mexico would pay  .
 realdonaldtrump you are an imbecile  you rant keep them out  now you send an invitation welcoming immigrants  stop .
the  politics behind donald  trump s empty threats on  mexico border    .
a very recent reminder of what is really at the texas mexican border  .
 deebsfla  777 baum build a wall around california with an open border to mexico  this will not solve all problems  .
my december column about ma s bach project  and my 2018 piece about inuksuit in tijuana .
 eealdonaldteump at least start the wall already lets oraganize a donations charity for the wall i bet you every o .
 ap politics well  according to trump  immigrants just want to have a picnic and go to disneyland  so  instead of a .
 nightlypolitics well if mexico is taking them back  theres no need for a wall  right .
mexico won t pay for trump s wall  but trump pledges that u s  taxpayers will pay for mexican infrastructure projec .
 realdonaldtrump  clay keller1 is the fact there was no emergency regarding the hordes of immigrants crossing the b .
rumours of militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
 linsboon  real defender  realdonaldtrump yes he is president     please tell me why he is great    u give him a pa .
 sudarshandas  robbystarbuck  facethenation no  that is actually false in    any levels    nafta 2 0 makes no differenc .
dump all illegals in ca then sell california back to mexico then use that money to build a wall around california a .
 kassydillon this is why mexico needs a wall .
 katthehammer1  ww3strategy you are right  we could have built a wall from the pacific ocean to the golf of mexico with that much money.
 tomfitton  realdonaldtrump the u s postal service sends wire transfers in post offices nationwide for illegals to .
 itsmukami m  b4neemaaisha woishee sweetheart   blocking   ilitokana na ile wall ya trump kati ya mexico an usa  .
that is what i have been saying   give ca to mexico and wall off those ca loonies  .
no mexico pays for wall no repeal and replace health care act no tax break for poor  no imigration policies.
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 glennkesslerwp  kr961 so now the trump cult is cheering on trumps idea of releasing immigrants to sanctuary citie .
 alicetweet fyi  our medicare and medicaid is way more important than the wall and the border  the situation at the .
 realdonaldtrump bro  if you had not been so sneaky your whole life  you wouldn t have all these legal problems  if .
 waverun4  walshfreedom i live on the border     some wall in areas is needed    tech is needed along the entire border .
 gstephanopoulos in august 2015  realdonaldtrump said mexico would pay for the wall by renegotiating nafta  he did .
that s the biggest joke yet  remember right after he lied to us abt mexico paying for the wall he told us he had a .
ivanka trump snub  chrissy teigen criticises first daughters complete lack of empathy .
biblioteca pblica  sma  detalle del mural que recubre sus 4 paredes y el techo  lo q se ve en la foto   .
mexico won t pay for trump s wall  but trump pledges that u s  taxpayers will pay for mexican infrastructure projec .
 impeach trump00  walshfreedom a wall won t solve what trump has manufactured for political gain  asylum seekers co .
 presssec proves the uneducated support trump  she starts most sentences with look  she sounds stupid  her fake pre .
 thehill trump says isnt political retribution by the gop      so once the dems take control they can show their appre .
 potus i ll pay fot the wall if you take  lopezobrador  out of mexico   .
 realdonaldtrump  promisesmadepromisesbroken close the border  build a big beatiful wall  have mexico pay for it  .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump but did he   healthcare   no   help the middle class   no   make mexico pay for a .
yo yo ma played bach at the us mexico border  amp  denounced the wall  .
 destroyerofwo19  jhboulware  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump sure    what happened to lock her up   hillary is fr .
 marccarpenter3  mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews so trump campaigned on mexico will pay for .
 realdonaldtrump sounds good  they want them so much let them have them all  now just wall off california the same .
 realdonaldtrump another distraction       where is our great healthcare at a tiny fraction of the cost     has mexico pa .
do you think building  realdonaldtrump s proposed southern border wall with  mexico is the best way to keep .
 walshfreedom facts       9th circuit overturned lower court   trump can have illegals remain in mexico   trump vetoed co .
facts       9th circuit overturned lower court   trump can have illegals remain in mexico   trump vetoed congress refusal .
 gop  realdonaldtrump  vp no he hasnt     he promised new health care    mexico would pay for the wall    to release his .
 realdonaldtrump the hypocrite resides in the wh  mexico will pay for the wall hes the one using them as human pawns not californians .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews you took an oath to uphold the constitution where only congress can appropriate money  ye .
 darkcloudkilla  cernovich .
 meetthepress  chucktodd  kellyannepolls answer is  move djt to the other side of the wall and build it high  let m .
 at such events  he runs through many of his favorite lines  such as that hepassed the biggest tax cut in history  .
 darkcloudkilla  cernovich .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump youve got nothing so stop lying  oh and did mexico cough up the check for the wall     .
 realdonaldtrump you took an oath to uphold the constitution where only congress can appropriate money  yet  you ve .
 realdonaldtrump if youd move to mexico  wed gladly build a wall with u on the other side of it .
 sidgoyal1  petebuttigieg if you stop the ethnic minorities from mexico from coming in with a wall  the only econom .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump you took an oath to uphold the constitution where only congress can appropriate money  .
 realdonaldtrump you took an oath to uphold the constitution where only congress can  appropriate money  yet  you v .
 msnbc similar to      he didn t know cohen paid stormy hush money    the trump tower meeting was about adoptions    mexi .
send them anyway  realdonaldtrump  the best thing to do is give california to mexico and build the wall around cali .
liberal friend last month   walls don t work  thats just stupid        liberal friend after watching alt media we recom .
 repandyharrismd  potus and trump  amp  the  gop said healthcare would be so easy   and mexico will pay for the wall   and etc   etc .
so california wants to continue to tax everything and be a  sanctuary state     here is a proposal    give californ .
 thecoffeesnolf that and the government leading them to belive mexico is dangerous and we need a wall.
president trump is soon starting to deport democrats  mexico has started building a wall .
 realdonaldtrump look at this guy      such a genius  how much did you get for your wall   from what was 25 27 bill .
 vildyviix  karlaarcher  msnbc  agitatorsneeded  chrislhayes probably the biggest lie was that mexico will pay for the wall.
 gregtharp1 yup just like the wall  you probably are also waiting for that too  oh you must be waiting for obamacar .
 reyrod7087  cnnpolitics trump literally guaranteed mexico would pay for the wall  100   stop believing the lies of a conman .
 speakertimjones   realdonaldtrump hasn t had any victories in 800  days in office  he has been a complete fail .
 cnnpolitics didnt trump guarantee mexico would pay for the wall   yes he did  maybe republicans should stop belie .
racial superiority is a mere pigment of the imagination  the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bord .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall up the west coast as well  hell give it to mexico .
trump said he could fix everything    well has he   oh i forgot it s the democrats fault     like mexico not paying for your dumb ass wall.
 realdonaldtrump but  but  but    you said mexico would build the wall    you lied .
this is unbelievable  dropping immigrants off at shelters while trying to spend billions on a wall        migrants drop .
 raidershlp trump mexico will pay for the wall welp                                                           tru .
 realdonaldtrump you promised mexico would build the wall    you lied .
 sudarshandas  robbystarbuck  facethenation trump promised a wall paid by mexico    he lied  he knew for 2 years at l .
 realdonaldtrump  nytimes news flash  there was no apology    soooo  you promised mexico would pay for the wall    you lied .
 realdonaldtrump whats wrong with you  mexico was going to pay for the wall  get busy and get them to do it  oh wa .
 sundaymorning and i wake up to find their are asians at the boarder now too so dear leader let s get that  wall bu .
we are all mexico  and we are building the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump bottom line you said mexico was paying for the wall   we should take them to margo lar for you lies .
 realdonaldtrump another attempt to distract from your failures  amp  simple minded solutions   build a wall  amp  have me .
 edkrassen promises made  promises   unkept  mexico pay for wall  release tax returns  pre existing conditions prot .
 ilhanmn fair enough   vote to build the wall  process the people already filling the overcrowded containment facil .
 ukejeizu  drjengunter  realdonaldtrump  iihanmn so mexico is paying for the wall  he s not going to cut social pro .
 realdonaldtrump at thus point  invade mexico  make it a territory  shorter wall will be needed on the south .
though president trump wouldblockmoney transfers to mexico to fund the border wall  mexicans in the u s  sent a r .
 senatorchrissly  winstoncovfefe how many politicians promised the wall ill give you the mexico statement i never .
 susanvswv  ilhanmn oh  please  the gop controlled all three branches of government until a few months ago  and put .
 leftsucks2 she got admonished for it     yeah  read more about that  many people got to keep doctor and plan  no bil .
 realdonaldtrump must secure our southern border  build the wall  send those illegals back to mexico southern borde .
we need a wall   hoards of extremists are across the border in mexico waiting to get smuggled into usa  .
 dancrenshawtx let s call out trump    mexico will pay for the wall    i will release my taxes    i dont know anything ab .
 realdonaldtrump you are just desperate to be able to say you kept one of your election promises  you won t keep an .
 foxnewssunday  presssec trump created the crisis at the border   he s not dealing with the countries of origin to .
 micka7x1  ilhanmn ur lack of knowledge of truefacts amaze me  if indeed youre worried about human trafficking and .
 newsweek maybe trump  realdonaldtrump can get mexico to build a wall in the southern mexican border .
 alpha cunt hate seems to be the word most of us use to describe  not only donald trump but all of the rethuglicans .
 realdonaldtrump what happened to the wall that you guaranteed mexico would pay for   another promise broken .
 realdonaldtrump whens that wall check making its way north from mexico .
 adamcbest  realdonaldtrump well congrats on that  california should pay for the wall then  or maybe california sho .
any politician who doesn t like it deport them along with them our vets starve go homeless and were gonna bring ill .
.
 krassenstein yes but he s going to  build the wall   and mexico is going to pay for it  uhm         uhhh         c .
.
hey  ivankatrump      maybe you should listen to  chrissyteigen once in a while    possibly grow a heart too  .
 trump1972  stephanielily get a freaking clue  he hates obama to the point that he withdrew from intl treaties  our .
 realdonaldtrump and i see mexico is sending checks for the 14th century wall   lolol .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall  not taxpayers .
 amywende  brycetache  realdonaldtrump my home is open to refugees from central america and mexico   send a family .
las cruces  new mexico migrant dropoffs spur plea for donations   washington times      bus them to nancy pelosis fron .
 sandpiper691  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump no more of a fantasy than  oh let s see   where to begin    ok  how .
 whitehouse i can t wait  is it gonna be a  big beautiful plan  like your  big beautiful wall that mexico will pay .
 yugetrumpfanmag  ricwilson hows that wall coming  havent seen a check from mexico yet.
 realdonaldtrump poor mexico  all that damn money they are spending on the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump  nytimes i voted aginst you and ill do it aging  your just the rich kid in the block that always w .
trumpdeathcare will be announced after he is re elected just like mexico will pay for the wall  gotta call out him .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  as ronald regan said   take down that wall  but at the baja peninsula between mexic .
 kdkwife  ajc  vp how is that mexico paying for the wall thing working out .
icymi  activists opposed to president trump s proposed border wall flew a trump baby blimp during his visit u s  me .
 realdonaldtrump please just get rid of them all they do is make our bills higher  build the wall already let mxico deal with it .
 julialo54009267  real defender no pendeja   he has no leadership    he has no morals    he passed taxes for the ri .
gone from mexico will pay for the wall  to stealing money for the wall  now  he is going to send illegal immigrants .
bad food  broken down trucks  what its like to be a u s  soldier on the mexico border .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump president trump is working on real solutions      sure he is    and mexico is gonna .
 realdonaldtrump  you wouldnt know new york values if they were written in 50 foot gold letters on the side of the .
 realdonaldtrump is it kind of like how you never said mexico was going to pay for the wall  is it kind of like how .
 cnn i never said mexico was gonna pay for the wall  i never even ran for president    whos trump .
should i be silent  or talk about  a wall with mexico and pizza     .
 nationalist246  realdonaldtrump youre right    it is amazing how stupid some people are    next youll be believi .
 realdonaldtrump what about the party of healthcare    what about infrastructure   what about mexico paying for the .
 nakedgoat if its not our own country bringing the drugs in  its arriving primarily by boat or air    the boarders be .
 politibunny build the new wall up the arizona  nevada  and oregon borders    let s stop supporting california  mexico .
 orblueduck if something is not done with that man  we will be tearing that wall down that he s building go to mexi .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump two years delusional donald has had the white house and he claimed many things on the .
 realdonaldtrump lol    and mexico is paying for a wall too.
 thedemcoalition  fakepotus said i wont have time for golf  the  minions drank that juice  along with mexico paying for the wall .
we cannot keep spending more  amp  more  amp  more on temporary solutions  where is the recognition these people will keep .
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum how about within his first 100 days w .
 walkawaylib  charliekirk11 united states law also says that the government cant take land from private citizens u .
 big crusher1000  serremmy ca got their portion of the wall but they dont want anyone else to have one       new mexico .
who promised to build a wall that mexico will pay for    who voted based on such a promise       has 38  of the us voters .
 krassenstein how so  democrats played games with dreamers and the wall they used dreamers as a pawn not to get the .
 realdonaldtrump  i will totally eliminate the national debt in 8 years        mexico will pay for the wall  100         wo .
 realdonaldtrump wheeeee    you finally got mexico to pay for your wall  congratulations  mark that one off your list of campaign promises .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  nytimes what happened to mexico will pay for wall .
 realdonaldtrump hey potus  when you transfer all these illegal  are you goi g to geo fence them in or are you goin .
 ceasarion01  darkmoneyusa  nvrryan  hillaryclinton found it   hows that wall coming that mexico is going to pay f .
mexicos going to pay for the wall       i never said this        .
 jordanfabian so    where s this wall that trump promised 3 years ago  that mexico will pay for  100         asking f .
 ida skibenes again the wall is not to keep the southern hemisphere from coming to americans  it s americans hate p .
 diamondback usa spying occurred in the same way that mexico will pay for the wall  the only ones going to jail  ar .
 buddarien  laura78703  ayannapressley  people4bernie  ilhanmn  whitehouse  these invisible good guys  yup and y .
 the jerf  chinabeach59  mikewickett  gop  corybooker  aoc oh  and  gaslighting the campaign and broken promises no .
 thingstoteachyourchildren  mexico was never going to pay for trump s vanity wall  .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
a honduran asylum seeker deported to death from mexico .
 chinadaily look scheme  young one theres my people the national mexico border gaurds who will protect our wall onc .
migrants dropped off in new mexico  city asks for donations  congress should provide funds f .
 the jerf  chinabeach59  mikewickett  gop  corybooker  aoc promises made  promises broken  i remember when he said .
 jimbrown32  realdonaldtrump  man of action         like how he didnt deliver on his promise to make mexico pay f .
 gavinnewsom hypocrites     build a wall around california with an open border to mexico  this will not solve all u .
 realdonaldtrump no wall   mexico s not paying   can t fugure out immagration   nafta not solved or signed   no deal with c .
 caillin justice  eugenegu  realdonaldtrump but blaming the left is silly  the wall wasnt their idea or platform  .
 egsnchz solution is simple  build a wall around california with an open border to mexico  this will not solve all .
 free  robbin  keithboykin  realdonaldtrump lying about mexico  amp  the wall         .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump so mexico is paying for the wall .
go ahead         what are you waiting for  realdonaldtrump          go ahead and close the southern border        mexico does n .
was always going to be the case with a mexican defending his world title for the first time in mexico wasnt it  th .
 realdonaldtrump will mexico also pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump so then no need for the wall and you are going to let them in  and mexico didnt pay either   oh b .
fact militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
 ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump promises  hahahahaha  you believe anything he says  mexico hasnt built a .
 msnbc it was sure your thing during your campaign    but then mexico was going to pay for your big  beautiful wall .
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum from my point of view  if he promises .
ivanka  amp  melania are racists to the bone  .
 jrubinblogger he is a chump and a blowhard and it shouldnt surprise anyone   close the southern border  fire and .
 ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump what promises   tax returns for rich people   a wall paid by mexico    am .
.
 rhondajaylo  findinganswers  realdonaldtrump thats what trump is selling    he sold on the first day of his campa .
 jimchap  joycewhitevance along with        mexico paying for his wall    bringing in drugs    crime      fine people on bo .
hey  maga how do you like the new plan of bringing more immigrants into the country instead of a wall paid for by m .
 realdonaldtrump has mexico sent the check for the wall yet .
 debbie dlagator  tomfitton mexico better hurry up with the check for that wall  promiseskept.
 rhondajaylo  findinganswers  realdonaldtrump  trumpbedminster dems are asking for a more well thought out border s .
 kaivanshroff  rbrrobyn wow     that puts it all in perspective   6 billion less tax refunds than last year  taking .
 realdonaldtrump well  the 9th circuit did say it was too dangerous for illegals to stay in mexico      hmm  doesn t .
 realjameswoods california s beloved 9th circuit made the case for president trump s wall when they stated it was t .
 ebrowneyes  realdonaldtrump i live in los angeles orange county and i don t want any more mexicans coming here eit .
 by  grenchpan.
 l a  arti.
 realdonaldtrump deport them to mexico do not allow them into our country for any reason they re not our responsibi .
 drsuzee21  edkrassen ok bea   how about  realdonaldtrump  saying that mexico will pay for the  wall  don t you tin .
 brettachapman  caminant bcn i think its ironic that the toddler in the white house wants to build a wall to keep .
 realdonaldtrump and if mexico doesnt pay for the wall  what then  .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
 ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump really  wheres the ultra cheap healthcare  is mexico paying for the wall .
 thehill a liar said he would raise the voices of those drowned out by the wealthy  that mexico would pay for the w .
 sportsbrain  padres i think mexico is building trump a wall  you can run through that  construction tbd.
 realdonaldtrump you had an absolute majority in both houses for two years  too  much twittering  hating  blaming  .
 madmagazine one wall will do    with a big door    mexico is the murder capital of the world    why     i guess me .
 realdonaldtrump mexico building wall getting u s  to pay for it    mexican president obrador says he wants to keep .
 whitehouse  potus fake news lying president  no one wants to work for you  your a dictator  a bully a narcissist  .
 potus fake news lying president  no one wants to work for you  your a dictator  a bully a narcissist  your also a .
 bill abcill what if we built a wall around new mexico too  like we dont need new mexicans while we are still tryna get rid of the old once.
 kag4all  sandratxas  speakerpelosi  trump454545  lvnancy  lady vi 2u  cjlovesamerica  sweetkat111   iamanita d .
 realdonaldtrump loser trump failed again closing border or having mexico purchase a wall  a joke like trump is a j .
 denuribe73 and mexico will pay for the wall that cannot be built and the  gop will be the party of  preexistingconditions.
 timfisher836  firebagger  bossmanghazan  vabvox  realdonaldtrump  theciscokid2 post a link proving there was ever .
 kevlar2283  jeeastwood63  timlambertnet  aanlyan  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump then why not give replies that hav .
 realdonaldtrump so now that mexico had to pay for the wall they re going to have to stop migrants too .
 chingtsedallas  eugenegu  realdonaldtrump does he also plan to have mexico pay for the wall after stating it about .
 mretiredw  christiec733  realdonaldtrump didnt trump said mexico will pay for the wall .
 mollyjongfast  asharangappa  you can  irs is just held up w that check from mexico for the wall         sarcasm.
 thehill so  he said he would denuclearize   like trump said mexico would pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump you re suppose to be getting mexico to pay for a wall  .
 julieandjamey  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump you trump supporters are so filed with fear and rage  and for what .
i went over to a friends house and her husband came home and started praising trump and calling california a part o .
 ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump oh  mexico is paying for the wall   go ahead and follow the guy who s lie .
hey  mexico was never going to pay for the wall so you have to pay for it somehow  amirite  .
 newaigreen  newworldketteh  firehazer  marklutchman  potus he said he loved wikileaks in 2016    today  i dont kno .
happy ram navami      iveeta tiles llp    wall tiles   floor tiles   sanitary ware       iveetatiles  iveetaceramic .
 sam anthas  thecovenc  franklin graham  billygraham 100 000 violent crimes from illegals on the border of texas  amp  .
 goosedeals  tucsonvoice28  braveheart usa  realdonaldtrump so everybody knows they are a bit fun  except trump   h .
 terrminator2  franklin graham 100 000 murders  rapes  drug  amp  human trafficking  assaults on the texas mexico borde .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  put the wall along the california eastern border  they want illegals take down that .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is gonna pay for the wall    i wont have time to golf    jim mattis is trash        all lies     mex .
 artist ma.
the united states has domestic and international obligations not to deport asylum seekers to their deaths  but by e .
 john michaels1  thehutch81 there different people down there in mexico     should build a wall   and keep them in the bubble.
 ser1897  mjr1114 only policies  using the term loosely  were the wall that mexico was supposedly going to pay for .
 realdonaldtrump get mexico to pay for your wall while you are at it    remember this .
.
 realdonaldtrump if you can argue mexico is paying for the wall through the ymca  then i think muellers work has pa .
 edrose4769 mexico isnt paying a single dime for trumps stupid wall  he declared that he wouldnt touch your ss  .
 marydgalvan  davidmweissman well lets answer all those shall we  yes i got those tax cuts  my paychecks are larger .
shouldn t count if played in mexico   reds may jump the wall .
 mickeycrimm  sevencard2003 i fine ignoring the absurdity that what trump meant by mexico paying for the wall was r .
 nawalkowsky  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump 1  i have no doubt that after the wall is built that we will see a return .
 lesliem35  tappypaws  whypresident  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump we all have our opinions how we voted in 2016  t .
 realsaavedra  jaydaws3 holy crap  what is with ca        maybe we should built the wall between the rest of americ .
 realdonaldtrump i m beginning to think that mexico might not be paying for that wall  after all    .
  prejudice is the child of ignorance     william hazlitt the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bor .
 ktla is it wrong of me to point out that mexico has a wall at it s border and so many americans are claiming we sh .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will not mr  president  and i would be very frustrated on the immigration laws  and lack of .
 ne cs seyer  andyostroy  realdonaldtrump his campaign promise  1  mexico would pay for a wall  nope 2  middle clas .
 zahrabilloo  509shawng  msnbc  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn for omar   the porn star president gave us .
 vhlnmrc  krassenstein did you hear        mexico has agreed to pay for the wall       to keep trump from crossing the border .
isnt trump cutting va assistance to make money for his border wall   that mexico was supposed to pay for   if anyth .
 seahawksvol  mvyrd  cherijacobus  realdonaldtrump not done        he wouldnt have time to golf or watch tv   ca wildf .
 edhenry watch videos from sat from conservative anthony of el paso and oscar el blue of tijuana   invasions where .
 realmattcouch we will see what an idiot trump is for insisting we add to areas of wall that doesn t do a damn thin .
vicente fox  former president of mexico  is caping for juan guaido as if a us puppet is the president of venezuela  .
 krassenstein lets not forget       mexico will pay for the wall .
 realsaavedra why dont we send that silly  bastard beto starting from mexico  he should be able to stem the flo .
 realdonaldtrump throw them all back over the wall immediately  if they return  make them build the wall and then t .
 robertadams7007  real defender  realdonaldtrump thank you for those words of encouragement for building the wall  .
did you overhear that militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
 realdonaldtrump  you said mexico would pay for the wall no  you said that you would build a wall no  you said you .
 realdonaldtrump and yet  no agreement and theyre still developing nuclear weapons  if u go to north korea  maybe .
 realdonaldtrump  mr  president put that big beautyful door to mexico  right in calf   and leave it open  then wall .
youre going to to do this after mexico pays for the wall  right   maga .
 realdonaldtrump you incompetently chose to build a wall instead of expanding  amp  better staff the immigration proces .
 realdonaldtrump if these are willing to pay 5k or more for a coyote to get them across  wouldn t it be less expens .
 presssec no    theyre doing more than trump who campaigned on mexico paying for the wall  what happened to this l .
 realdonaldtrump  foxandfriends use the military and spray them with water until they go away   mexico needs a big .
  no one is born hating another person because of their skin color  background or religion  it must be learned     .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president love what you are doing with america but dont know about the illegals if they are re .
 edennis49306710  tomfitton idiot     there s no comparison between mexico s border gate and the wall .
the wall being build across the mexico south usa boarder is detrimental to the environment  if you care about the o .
 usminority tell mexico to instruct the illegals to the california border or since mexico was so helpful getting il .
 realdonaldtrump insane ranting of a man who immigration policy has been an absolute disaster   everything from get .
 realdonaldtrump the absurdity of you threatening to do this to americans  as an attempt to hold people hostage to .
   chrissy lol  who cares.
 jane the deplor  frye1965  realdonaldtrump or that mexico will pay for the wall    on and on and on  trump said he .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz no his promise was a wall  mexi .
 realdonaldtrump did you mean to say if mexico didn t  pay for wall  you d shut southern border .
 realdonaldtrump guess you re admitting you lied when you said mexico was going to pay for your wall .
 realdonaldtrump build a wall around mexifornia  let mexico have it  it s already turned into a shithole  we don t .
 therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump who s freaking out    are sources available that you can share       this trump tweet p .
 goosedeals  tucsonvoice28  braveheart usa  realdonaldtrump for some reason  despite his failures  he still won t p .
 adamcbest  realdonaldtrump then why are people shitting in the streets in sf  why are cali schools about the worst .
 gop  stevescalise he promised a wall and its not even a fence  he promised mexico would pay for it  and hes sticking us with the bill .
the mexico border wall is becoming an issue for me  large hass avocado cost has increase to  2 for each.
 inteloperator  kris sacrebleu if other countries no longer perceive the united states as a leader it is a sign mr .
 ddiaztechie1  whitehouse its the salesman pitch   there is no plan  he just want you to think there is so youll .
 thetattooedprof sorry  my  godfather   his son suggested i move to mexico after i pointed out that special olympia .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump like not cutting medicare or social security  like not cutting medicaid  like prot .
350 plus illegal immigrants break border gate  force their way into mexico      speakerpelosi let   realdonaldtrump b .
 realsaavedra omg we do need a big wall and it should be around mexico it should be around california .
 brandonkut39  hillaryclinton 30 000 emails   again  fag waving retards have been wailing about that since  trump p .
 berniesanders raise wages       and prevent jobs from going to mexico      what is your magic plan to do both of t .
 djmcosmo  realcandaceo thats a real fine line   ms owens called omar a hamas member  anyone who states that trump .
hamas linked cair outraged at trumps border wall emergency declaration    just guess who s be .
ivanka trump snub  chrissy teigen criticises first daughters complete lack of empathy  .
 luvtheusa76 my taxes     mexico will pay for them   i m having a parade instead   i ll be happy to pay them but i m bein .
donny promised a wall paid for by mexico and he promised health insurance for all and he promised to release his ta .
 riceman79  vanriesenroof  alllibertynews  govjventura lol hey now   here is article and then i will attach gov pr .
 lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump phd of what mexicans tear down the boarder berlin mexico wall.
 potus hi prez  idk what branch of service is in afg  it started w national guard  the national guard could guard t .
 gtconway3d  sallydeal4 mexico will pay for the wall  .
 werewolfdistri1  ilhanmn cool  and if my aunt had balls  she be my uncle  trump also said mexico would pay for the .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 herbiexx  sevencard2003 the wall to be payed for through re renegotiation of nafta  that s what he meant   he didn .
can we do all of our baseball in mexico  maybe our lord and savior  god emperor donald john trump was right  build .
with all this trump talk about his wall  i have a very nice friend on here in mexico .
   icymi      california   do you think that donald trump should or should not have declared a national emergency in or .
 righteouserg iss all gud bro  mexico wall not up yet.
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico .
 williamhwill  ilhanmn actually  might surprise you but illegal crossings from canada are on the rise    canadian wal .
 realdonaldtrump libby schaaf  mayor of oakland  actually does want immigrants here  just another lie  donald  you .
 danpfeiffer trump could not get mexico to pay for his wall  he could not get his own party to pass immigration leg .
 markdice  hnvance40 you mean by promising to reduce the debt  having mexico pay for the wall  giving all americans .
 kelli fustos  vanriesenroof  alllibertynews  govjventura i agree america does profit off of it and your american r .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews    you know which other country used to be a  mexican country   u s a   this is a map of me .
 realdonaldtrump so says trump  the most consistent pathological liar ever born  trump lied about mexico paying for .
 realdonaldtrump why do the democrats need to change  you just said that mexico will stop immigrants from crossing .
 riceman79  vanriesenroof  alllibertynews  govjventura before  obama left office  be handed mexico millions of doll .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico does stop them we dont need the wall right .
 kelli fustos  vanriesenroof  alllibertynews  govjventura ic how is a wall on mexico border protecting the country  .
 gop  stevescalise what are you even talking about       time to admit  realdonaldtrump benghazied the border      catastro .
 realdonaldtrump says all our jobs are going to mexico  i receive a text from my sister  so why do we need a wall .
 realdonaldtrump mexico going to pay for the wall  lie  i will show my taxes  lie obama tap my phone  lie  i didnt .
when are maga hat wearing people going to realize   trump just talks and talks to stoke his base  and has no clue h .
 realdonaldtrump in fact lets build the wall all around california oregon and washington just give it to mexico .
 realdonaldtrump wouldn t it be easier to revoke california s charter  and then sell the california territory to me .
 rwpusa  nbcnews taxpayers should hold off filing their taxes until 45 tax returns as requested by congress is rece .
 realdonaldtrump how will you pay for the transporting of immigrants to sanctuary cities   you do realize they are .
 realdonaldtrump  mexico will pay for the wall  ain t that what you said    .
 whitehouse in 2016 candidate trump promised mexico would pay for the wall   what s up with that today .
 davidwohl  realdonaldtrump or like i dont have any business is russia  i dont know any russians  ive never done .
 jarzyxd  lifeasaditya  iggyazalea typical answer   no answer    i see why donnie   mexico will pay for the wall  tru .
 realdonaldtrump seriously  listen to your lawyers   or   don t   i look forward to mexico paying for the wall surr .
pres  trump on his border wall  he s 100  right  to prevent america from being over crowded of ppl  illegal immigra .
 realdonaldtrump why you not change all these laws when you had a majority for over 2 years  how come this problem .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump trump wants his base to vote for him in 2020 before the big republican healthcare reve .
mexico is missing out on a great opportunity         they should put up hotels on the boarder        they have over a 100 0 .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall .
 powdermonkey53  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay if not monetary  then mexico will deal with the back up when the w .
 whitehouse did mexico pay for that wall  we could do this all day long .
 realdonaldtrump is mexico still paying for the wall .
 thecjpearson  thegoodfight did you know trump lies .
 conservashley  judgejeanine  dbongino you lies are fantastic trump loves them too .
 judgejeanine  dbongino .
 judgejeanine  dbongino .
 judgejeanine  dbongino .
 judgejeanine  dbongino .
 mollyjongfast i clearly remember that from the man who also said mexico would pay for a wall and wikileaks was a treasure trove .
 reuters icymi  activists opposing trump s proposed border wall flew an  anatomically correct  trump baby blimp dur .
 djsalisbury  101wat  markdice  wicaspixie13 is this about building the wall  amp  having mexico pay for it  there is c .
 realdonaldtrump u took the job  as president of usa  u promised your base  of they voted 4 u u would take on the j .
 mrmichaelzz  ilhan now do trump and his mistress pay offs  his pussy grabbing  over 9 000 lies  whens mexico payi .
 realdonaldtrump please unload our prison imates on the mexican border early release means you are released to the .
 corneliusxirtam  paulduffy4  realdonaldtrump .
icymi  activists opposing president trump s proposed border wall flew a trump baby blimp during his visit u s  mexi .
exclusive  cartel hitman behind mexican border beheadings unmasked   tedcruz  dancrenshawtx .
 realdonaldtrump the gop had all power for two years  why didnt the immigration laws get changed   the same reason .
 realdonaldtrump stop talking laws     build the wall     you wont need laws     you wont need us    just america without mexico .
 berniesanders bernie we all know who was in power when started seeing hecho en mexico on everything besides if you .
exclusive  cartel hitman behind mexican border beheadings unmasked   realdonaldtrump  .
 realdonaldtrump its illegal to bus immigrants to sanctuary cities  every idea trumps has is a terrible idea  whe .
 deplorablenew  freetomato  donnnie  philipemskinne1  lmpeach trump  fnicholasr  leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for wall  nope  hmm government shutdown  bust   state of emergency  flop  separate .
 realdonaldtrump maybe mexico would agree for us to help them enforce their southern border wall    .
cnn reporter presses trump  you promised mexico would pay for wall  via  youtube.
 judgejeanine dont just send illegals  parole every illegal in fed prison to ca and ny  remain free never deported .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
 realdonaldtrump .
 michellemalkin  trumps feed and mexico still hasnt paid for the wall plus hillary is still on the run and hiding .
 sevenheismans  realdonaldtrump i agree  if he had worked on employing more border agents it would have created mor .
 sarahpalinusa  cindyhaworth5  dnc let them come to  usa  now the  thedemocrats don t want to take care of them  if .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  i am wondering why you do not get rid to the terrorist in mexico with all our techn .
this is not good    un has signed an agreement with mexico to oversee it s national guard  put up the border wall n .
 realdonaldtrump so interesting that you never talk about when mexico is going to pay for the wall anymore  .
 realdonaldtrump you should be frustrated about your failure to get mexico to pay for the wall   alertthedaycarestaff  dementeddonnie.
we should just invite mexico to become a state and end this illegal immigration nonsense  plus  theres already a w .
 realdonaldtrump hows it going  big hater  do tell when mexico approves funding your wall  like you promised .
if the reds get no hit in mexico then dammit build the wall .
 realdonaldtrump sure   as soon as mexico pays for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump curious how you couldnt get mexico to pay for a wall and now youre using tax payer money to bus .
 realdonaldtrump  amp  how are you making america great  all i ve seen you do is take money away from our childrens sch .
 cullenburnscd29  michael32015588  schmeckpepper1  realdonaldtrump there are two lies in your tweet  .
 pds322  mickey moo  woodsy1069 wants a wall in mexico figure he was president everywhere.
 atrupar trump also said mexico would pay for the wall .
 robbie23189600  riccigeri  realdonaldtrump yup  problem is we can t keep them in mexico  not complete wall and sec .
hoaxee pelosi said walls don t work  please mr  president tear down the wall that separates mexico from california .
build the wall from mexico to canada along the california state line   california is a sanctuary state   send all t .
 realdonaldtrump am i not going to be able to file my taxes on a postcard  i was told i would be filing my taxes on .
 jtubegeeke  michael32015588  schmeckpepper1  realdonaldtrump how is a wall racist   mexico has one in their southe .
 realdonaldtrump umm  so  you couldnt get mexico to pay for your wall like you said .
 repdancrenshaw you forgot to mention the ongoing suffering in puerto rico     you forgot that trump wants to use fem .
 realdonaldtrump how would an literate person like you ever buy the idea of imaginary things like boarders  why wou .
 realdonaldtrump you know how we know youre lying     you lied about having bone spurs     you lied about releasing yo .
 realdonaldtrump all this puffing of yours is totally unnecessary if only you would adhere to your promise of mexic .
 unfilteredse  secupp  benfergusonshow  mariatcardona trump said  i will build a great walland nobody builds wal .
.
 realdonaldtrump ok   u must be stoned tonight with ur barrage of tweets   democrats have offered sensible immigrat .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  the 9th circuit just backed your policy to keep detainees  waiting to be let in to .
 macmasters a  realsaavedra put the mexican flag on the vehicles and put california on the same side of the wall as .
 realdonaldtrump now that a judge ruled that they can stay in mexico while waiting for their case to be heard  ship .
clearly no homeruns are allowed in this game because nothing is allowed over the wall in mexico   .
 repraskin quit clutching your god damn pearls every time he does something offensive  this is why he won  dems spe .
 realdonaldtrump trump said  i will build a great walland nobody builds walls better than me  believe me i will .
good they want them put a wall around cali mexico  .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  the 9th circuit claimed that it would be too dangerous for immigrants to wait in me .
hey donald     what is your plan for healthcare    your plan for education   your plan to repair infrastructure   your plan .
trump to start deporting democrats    mexico responds by starting to build border wall .
 realdonaldtrump withold sanctuary city funds if they do not take the illegal aliens  tax remittances to pay for th .
 realdonaldtrump just like the wall you promised  that mexico would pay for  youve had two years to get the immigr .
 realdonaldtrump right    and you never said that your father was born in germany  when everyone knows that he was .
 1980 inwen  andellis  gop  stevescalise  paulryan reality is  it hasn t gotten worse  and it isn t our biggest pro .
 therealmattl  dctvhalloffame  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump its only been two years and wall isnt built yet  tel .
 realdonaldtrump 2 5 years failed healthcare    failed wall mexico is laughing    failed infrastructure    failed immigra .
 realdonaldtrump no   youre the guy who promised your followers that you were going to fix immigration by buildi .
bitch  you had both the house and the senate with gop majority  now you want democrats to do your dirty job of chan .
 realdonaldtrump simple idea    maybe it would work  how about we build the wall and not let them in to begin with  .
 realdonaldtrump and mexico will pay for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump just have mexico pay for the wall like you said in the first place .
 realdonaldtrump  wedontbelieveyou is that why you have been posting these twitter storms lately  because you re no .
wouldnt it be easier if you just had mexico build a wall  .
 edrose4769  davidmweissman lol trumpsters have no idea what honesty is  the man campaigned telling you lies  and .
 joe american  realdonaldtrump  nytimes  potus btw   wasnt mexico going to pay for the wall  and does trump have s .
 realdonaldtrump arent you the guy that builds big  huge  tall  extremely tall hotels  who needs a wall build a im .
 williamhwill  ilhanmn a wall won t do anything to stem an illegal immigration problem  the majority of people that .
 deborah78643434  realdonaldtrump ha  i ain t paying for anything but my taxes and death  and you  mexico shall not .
 realdonaldtrump just a thought but why dont we build a border wall on mexicos southern border  some negotiations .
 dctvhalloffame  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump he was going to defeat isis in 30 days  mexico will pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico starts apprehending illegals  does that mean we can stop building the wall and give the .
wait  mexico is gonna pay for your racist wall yes        nope  nope and nada  .
 dctvhalloffame  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump mexico is gonna pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall    promise broken .
im waiting for max to aknowledge canada ows potus for wall and border security and prove he a patriot    last i loo .
 cbsnews lol   whats the matter  gavinnewsome   only want so many illegals in your state   you already have your border wall with mexico.
  and i never said mexico would pay for the wall  so there     realdonaldtrump .
 astronerd68  adasomg  realdonaldtrump  nytimes i m especially curious about mexico paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump yep and you never said mexico will pay for the wall   .
 realdonaldtrump i want the wall  you want the wall    all you have to do is get mexico to pay for it .
 realdonaldtrump you did say mexico would pay for your wall.
 realdoanldtrump cited san antonio as an example of a city where a border wall has worked  san antonio is about 150 .
indeed  these  sanctuary  cities are going to be like ghettos in mexico city  where one and a half million homeless .
 earths maiden  realdonaldtrump  nytimes how is he a beacon of light  was it his lying about the inauguration size  .
 realdonaldtrump  nytimes  they even apologized to me     was that before or after mexico paid for the wall .
 jonahnro i feel owned        it s especially genius given how it s an article of faith among the whackjobs you remain .
the vast majority of the drugs that are killing people in this region  opiates and alike  is fentanyl thats coming .
 realdonaldtrump  nytimes huh  trump  believe trump  mexico will pay for the wall  lol trump is just a joke  lies a .
generally  the dea says  fentanyl is shipped to the u s  in packages directly from china or from china through cana .
its increasingly clear president donald trump wants a crisis that he can use politically  not a solution that can .
if trump builds the wall  whats to stop mexico from enlisting a squadron of white boys to come punch holes in it .
it s an illusion to think you can stop  drug  traffic with a wall  drugs enter thru major ports of entry or are sen .
this tweet is about as true as the times you said mexico will pay for the wall .
 kirolossam  biglance111  realdonaldtrump i agree on that ie when the potus shuts the government down hurting hard .
 mollyjongfast no  and mexico isnt paying for the wall either .
fredbird is in mexico  did he fly over the boarder wall .
 realdonaldtrump hmmm thought you were okay with the public seeing the mueller report          just another lie like    .
remember nancy hoaxee pelosi said walls don t work so our president should tear down any wall that separates mexico .
 thehill walls could help with drones and add l agents to monitor drones and apprehend       even if those probs solved .
 faaadedeyes  isaiahgarza 11 i mean the wall wouldnt stop other countries because theres many other countries apa .
 trumpstudents is mexico finally paying for the wall        no         trumplies.
 gop  stevescalise what happened to the part about mexico paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters hoaxee pelosi believes that walls don t work  therefore tear down any wall .
 trabellz  chuckwoolery  realdonaldtrump oh shit  mexico cut a check for the wall  i hadnt heard about the infrast .
 oann muahahahahahaha       has the wall been built       has mexico paid        has there been any new draconian laws on immig .
 we interviewed thousands of people  and i think we met three people who were pro wall      .
 peggyperez  heyitscarolyn  nypost it s a gate for god sake    they need a wall too  and we want this shit here   .
 garyjf75  politicussarah his only shot at making america great again  i get compliments all the time for this .
 nypost    pentagon gives trump billionions  of      for a wall that mexico was paying for while veterans suffer  .
los angeles times  artist building wall of cheese along u s  mexico border  make america grate again  .
 darntheluck  judicialwatch  bizpacreview  tomfitton and mexico will pay for the wall and ill hire only the best a .
 realjameswoods when  potus spoke of this  and correct me if im wrong  the 9th cc hurry up and gave temp power to .
i hope waino takes the mound like kenny powers in mexico tonight  but for real if we dont take both of these games .
 dancrenshawtx you witnessed that huh  where  why no border agents there  the wall won t do crap   ppl will go unde .
 ajking1229 mexico isnt paying for the stupid wall   we already are  it isnt that hard to understand.
 kevlar2283  jeeastwood63  timlambertnet  aanlyan  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump again with the teenage attitude  .
 dallasajackson  charliekirk11  dallasajackson so you knew that moving asylum seekers to sanctuary cities was never .
 highermoments i say annex mexico and canada  then build a wall in the atlantic made of walruses .
 kerrywally  berniesanders how did we stop mexico from paying for the wall .
 kerrywally  berniesanders yes  it s the fault of senate democrats that mexico won t pay for a useless border wall.
 antoniodelotero im sorry that you liberals get offended by the slightest thing  its one of the reasons why our w .
 chuckfilet  hell o copter  charliekirk11 i dont know what stops people from walking out of a prison its not like .
 aaronhicks4  berniesanders ummm  he promised mexico would pay for the wall.
 scottfi20965897  senatordurbin lol  and we had a poorly educated  minority elect a racist pig who scapegoated all .
 churchofbasebal  espn  mlbnetwork big difference between surprise and disappointment  if the mexico series were ya .
the whole speech by president trump on releasing illigal invaders into sanctuary cities areas  on the building .
 ari4truth  scottnygaard2  realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properl .
 realdonaldtrump just like your healthcare and mid east peace plans  just like mexico will pay for the wall  and i  .
hes not your mans he doesnt even have a clue who you are  hes a president  and a sorry excuse for one at that  .
 scottnygaard2  realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists w .
 jimmyosborn13  cnn you have really been sold an alternate reality        trump won for a lot of reasons  too many were .
 stephaniegel  realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists wi .
.
 mollyjongfast  zaptrapped there was going to be gigantic walls in every pot courtesy of mexico  mexico has yet to .
 unrealpreztrump dennis miller said the only way ill beeet into the peoples republic of  california is if i climb .
 carysiegel  krassenstein  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom  kamalaharris im still waiting .
lo interesante de que venga ramos a mxico  es que quiere decir que los presstitutes de mxico ya estn fuera de se .
 darkcloudkilla  cernovich as opposed to the nothing being done now  sanctions were put in place by obama admin   s .
border wall construction  san luis  az mexico border  .
 abbyinsm  amandapalmer  naral  ppgulfcoast  drwillieparker i have come out from behind the wall of shame in former .
 realjameswoods  thattrumpguy except for the money for the  pay  of the california govmt    and then we would have to .
 realdonaldtrump i remember you said mexico was going to pay for the wall  if a democratic did the same thing you h .
saying that mexico will pay for the wall         signsthatitsatrap.
how  realdonaldtrump will be remembered     1 mexico will build the wall  no   2 i will make america great again  no   3 .
 confused canuck  zackbornstein  comedycentral  lkellyclyne  samrichardson given avi s prior conduct and background .
me in 2015   i don t think mexico is ideal in any way    trump in 2016   we need to build a wall       .
i see the cardinals and reds are playing in mexico tonight  i change my mind  put up the wall .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 kevincollins16  gehrig38 when i said mexico will pay for the wall in front of thousands and thousands of people  .
 barbaracammara5  realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists with stopping il .
brilliant    artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again   los angeles times .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico   .
the  cardinals are playing in mexico       build the wall   .
hillary clinton warned taxpayers that they d be paying for trump s wall  not mexico  and here we are   link  .
 stephenmilleral close border until entire wall is built   no other choice   cost to this nation will be way higher .
 potus close border until entire wall is built   no other choice   cost to this nation will be way higher than reve .
 realdonaldtrump close border until entire wall is built   no other choice   cost to this nation will be way higher .
your one to talk get back behind your wall before he fedexs you some guests from mexico  .
 sepleyii  sugarp1ne7  thehill trump told 9000 fact checked lies  and you defend the liar  all he has to do is keep .
 thereturning1  patriciadelan11  cnnpolitics economy took control in 2009  thanks to obama  its just a matter time .
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget you promising to release your taxes  you promise of good free health care  yo .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews  realdonaldtrump  you have no soul  you feed your supporters lies  you promised a wall pa .
 lynngermaine  dnast73  chuckcallesto im most in favor of closing the entire border until illegal aliens are round .
 goodoldcatchy       trompas    slang for trump in mexico        no pesos for you trompas   not for your wall  border  pic .
 libbyschaaf  realdonaldtrump  ktvu put a wall around sanctuary cities and keep the illegals in there   imagine all .
  wouldn t have happened if trump built the wall haha .
 sicilianfixer  on2golf  realdonaldtrump he lied  you bought the lies   mexico was never going to pay for the wall  .
 these are some of the last wild spots we have left   the us government is clearing strips of land inside wildlife .
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget    your fake bone spurs your lie mexico s paying for the wall  all your idiot .
 gregofsamoset  politicalelle legal weed   universal healthcare   yeah sure we re the suckers  dont you have a wall .
 stevesilberman mexico will pay for the wall    trust sessions  .
the united states has domestic and international obligations not to deport asylum seekers to their deaths  but by e .
fuckin a right we won t       mexico will pay for the wall    we will have universal health care    we will have free healt .
 fu dad ooops  u break canadian us uk twitter relations  over a clever yet  faulty linguistic dig  you pay for it  .
 realdonaldtrump i m just a middle citizen  but why can t we spend money on fixing the corruption in mexico to help .
president donald trump s border wall with mexico takes shape  via  youtube.
 kellyannepolls  chriscuomo  cnn no crisis    dozens of tunnels shown to president trump  dug from mexico to u s    .
 roger osorio22  affinity292  hashtagteamchan  berniesanders  aoc  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn mexico should have thou .
 byronyork better line of inquiry is why under this administration the number of asylum seekers have so dramaticall .
 nightlypolitics  sooo if mexico is sending them back to their countries no need for a wall     .
 stevenbeschloss  kris sacrebleu where is the check from mexico for the 2000 mile wall with all the trimmings .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 thomasj negri  john spevak  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump im old enough to remember he said he likes t .
 fefehotep  alexckaufman  zerlinamaxwell when is mexico paying for the wall .
 jerseyshorere4u  drag0nmaster17  canislupus1365  kingareys like the promise to release tax returns  mexico paying .
fuck building that wall along mexicos boarder  can we build a wall along californias boarder.
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico .
 spectatorindex minimum wage in us is at least 7x what is in mexico  this is more than a reason of moving to the us .
 gohfr  freep i heard  potus phoned the president of mexico for some warm weather   he wanted a quid pro quo   canc .
 jaketapper he said it was a joke  just like he was joking abt releasing his taxes  his  big  beautiful healthcare .
 tuazonison ok  we can afford it  poor maga hats off in idaho  kansas don t grasp how much richer seattle is than y .
 resistantfight1  bramik0  brithume remember when avenatti asked russia to hack hillary s emails  or when he claime .
 katdb56  madriverrider  krassenstein without question the worst president in history   he has accomplished nothing .
 stevenbeschloss and when in mexico sending a check for his big  beautiful  concrete wall .
tax them  mexico now pays for the wall     .
 lafgolfer  cnnpolitics oh  kamala harris is more than qualified for any office  experience in politics  a lawyer  .
 sarahpalinusa more stupidity  how about trump does something about the mess he created at the border  maybe try to .
 vtlandis  realjameswoods no need to worry  we mean no harm and would gladly give you texas as your own country  yo .
 potus hi hello trump is cheap smart and god say force build up border wall need full why meat are not enough feed .
 mamidvisy the man blatantly said to grab women by the pussy  you want that as a leader  you probably a rapist frat .
 tommy salami  msnbc far from over yet  fool  ask the sdny  btw  report literally says  does not exonerate the pres .
 carol38553  kcajnehoc at one point i heard that mexico was thinking about a wall there  if that was true  it came and went i think .
 shiverjd  krassenstein especially when i keep getting told mexico will pay for the wall  and yet we are and it s ok with his base .
 dr of tds  loriw47  realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump u people   ha  who s the racist now       pelosi et al voted to g .
 retiredda  rjjr 234 2  and i am going to fight back even if it kills me to save what little family i have left  .
 andrewd88355412  realjameswoods more like reagan   reagan on mexico border 1980   no wall   via  youtube.
 mamabirdtweets  stuffedfantod  leahmcelrath  speakerpelosi  jorge aguilardc it d be fucking chaos for both of thos .
 thefleeee i heard when they saw the american player caravan coming they tried to build a wall   a huge wall   high .
bad gatos from south of the border come to california for free cat food  bringing their catnip in syringes  their w .
 seanhannity dementia s took over pelosi  resign  then have time pick up crumbs  potus s tax cuts gave middle class .
 behope23  tnpowl  sensherrodbrown  realdonaldtrump i try to watch several news outlets throughout each week   rx p .
this piece demonstrates what people mean when they say  mexico is the wall     .
looks like mexico needs to build its own wall         migrants break border gate  force their way into mexico   .
just to be clear      he promised mexico was paying for the wall      now us tax payers are this year through tax r .
 mollyjongfast  lewing99 the word you are looking for is dictatorship after the mexico wall comes the canada wall   .
 j marasa  eatkinson48  italianmike the money generated will pay for the wall   if we deported all illegals and fin .
 jude0330  usalivestrong  jenaigoss  twittermoments  barackobama lets start with north korea no peace only armisti .
this painter johnny came in and asked our assistant manager when the wall was being built  so that he could be in m .
 renato mariotti  djrothkopf even if it wasn t unlawful  we all know how great trump is at keeping his promises      .
 evioive  scchumpert  tashimom  npr trump so far  botched muslim ban rollout  failed health care reform  it s easy .
 realdonaldtrump true   why do we have to have passports to get in and out of canada and not mexico  canada has a l .
holy smokes  bova is a brick wall  another deflection with almost no warning       1 0 mexico 50.
 realdonaldtrump deport the democraps to the other side of the wall in mexico   .
 mollyjongfast  andreajordan66 and mexico was going to pay for the wall  healthcare is so easy .
 johnjohnraaage  amaintradio  porkchopreturns all people are important  nobody more than another  2nd generation of .
      thepentagonannounced two military contracts tuesday worth  976 million to construct a .
 skllr55sue  n8 the g8  tnkr23  alex will1ams  deanobeidallah  realdonaldtrump about as true as mexico paying for the wall   .
 luishon2  kamvtv  aoc  realdonaldtrump  potus my response to your ignorance   realdonaldtrump has yet to keep a pr .
 nowthisnews        the pentagonannounced two military contracts tuesday worth   976 milli .
 funder  simmonsgmarlins or divert those funds to pay for the wall that mexico was going to pay for .
 mollyjongfast i thought it was going to be a post it note  im told well be able to file our taxes that way  for .
i absolutely love this project  photographing the 2 000 mi of the u s  mexico border .
why do we need a wall between mexico and the usa    statistics don t lie    syria afghanistan yemen iraq deaths caused .
 jamesokeefeiii hell doesn t want em  we should send em to mexico  after the wall is up .
 tribelaw he s told contractors he would pay them  he said he would release his tax returns  he said mexico would p .
 sbelangr  karenal45112816  cnnbrk campaign promises  did mexico pay for the wall  jobs  jobs  ask farmers  workers .
builds a fucken wall and closes any international understanding and mutual development especially with mxico oftom .
 mollyjongfast mexico was supposed to send the tax postcards with the wall payment .
its shocking  said a  wola org director  knowing  the infrastructure in mexico  the widespread abuses that hap .
 washingtonpost we are not stupid  u   he is using your hero obama policies  he is barely geting the wall up  he c .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 denestovall i liked trump because he went against the grain  i was even willing to look past his failing to  lock .
watch  activists opposed to president trump s proposed border wall flew a trump baby blimp during his visit u s  me .
instead of building a wall between us and mexico  they should build a dance floor .
 no daca mexico should pay for the wall or at least help.
the mexico wall is a wolf that never ever existed  go into any mexican or chinese resturaunt  they say  fuck you am .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 wisewarrior69 and remember   trump says that hell abolish all of aca but never fear   hell replace it with a be .
 brigid03192333  abc and by the way  don t put words in my mouth  i simply don t care about his drive for wealth  .
check out vibrant vintage painted clay wall mask from mexico   ebay.
excited to share this item from my  etsy shop  vibrant vintage painted clay wall mask from mexico .
 megsta3  affinity292  hashtagteamchan  berniesanders  aoc  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn i d side it with being humanit .
 jroacura1  maziehirono  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn trump has been given money and has done nothing with it   he does .
 reefhound  braylennapier  anncoulter risk  amp  cause  not the same  let me ask you  do you also believe that wind pow .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 realdonaldtrump all talk  just like closing the border and having mexico pay for the wall   nothing but hot air  gutless freak .
 pwrcane1  annableigh  burghgirl69  donnnie  trumpsugar  teriross69  leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta .
 lesliehaydanek  berniesanders were gonna build a wall and mexico will pay for it   thats the most idiotic camp .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 dan schuler  translaterealdt lets see      mexico will pay for his wall    hell release his tax returns     weve defe .
trump  here s how i force mexico to pay for wall .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the us mexico border .
fact check  mexico will  indirectly  pay for a border wall through the new trade deal  via .
mexico should build the tent cities there because our wall would stop them  .
 pinktyler2  abc and there it is      you don t care how he does it  that s why you are shit  but hey   at least yo .
 realdonaldtrump  wedontbelieveyou there s no open borders policy  they just don t want a stupid  useless wall that .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 thomasl56831342  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn i know for sure shes not from mexico  unless you have a plan to build a wal .
 geo102suny think the wall on the border with mexico will stop illegal drugs think again   tunnel under it  .
 nickebert5  anncoulter i never heard once from trump that mexico was going to pay for the wall via nafta and neith .
 cumbo w he lied to you directly when he said mexico was paying for a wall   then lied and said he would build the .
sure and mexico is going to pay for the wall  liarinchief  sensanders .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 free  robbin  keithboykin  realdonaldtrump kids in cages   good    dishonoring vets   good    bailing out farmers   go .
while donald trump seeks border wall funding  the u s  has already helped mexico build an invisible wall  sending a .
 breitbartnews close the border and perhaps send troops to aid mexico  in turn they can fund the wall to stop the madness .
 realdonaldtrump dear president trump  please shutdown  direct to mexico  run by the fed right away  it will pay fo .
trump touts rising u s  border  wall   proposes economic penalty on mexico   article  amp    reuters .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico while donald trump seeks border w .
 laundryqueen3  senmcsallyaz  azmorningnews  repandybiggsaz trump said mexico is paying for the wall   hes full of .
 berniesanders before he was elected  he said that mexico would pay for the wall       now he is saying that the gop wi .
forget mexico i think i just paid for the wall   met with my accountant to pay extra income tax for this year  its .
a honduran asylum seeker deported to death from mexico .
colourstory  orange  orange  contemporaryart  colourstory  painting  paint  wall  pipe  urban  urbanphotography .
 bumblebeetuna85  clevelanddotcom then you better build it around the whole gulf of mexico coastline  this guy may .
 schmaltzsharon  realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump and mexico isn t paying for that wall .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again  .
 asharjawad  aero phile  miqazi  mirmakofficial  hamidmirpak we hv to see the us shutdowns of govt machinery on mex .
 realdonaldtrump sure      mexico will pay for the wall .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again  latimes .
 sportstalkbarry im still waiting for mexico to pay for the wall thats what trump promised.
migrants break border gate  force their way into mexico  if trump thinks a wall will stop mi .
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum so we come back to the first tweet in .
 realdonaldtrump so do it already  i thought you were closing the border   the whole dang thing     i thought mexico .
 realdonaldtrump perhaps you should look at your city of ny  last i read you had a approval rating of 15  in your h .
 jroacura1  maziehirono  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn i am going to close the border  i am going to close the border ne .
 petehegseth so many lies  will mexico pay for the wall is a wall really the solution to the flood of displaced peo .
 rising serpent holy cow  so  stop that payment for 1 year and mexico will be paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump you know what else is  very sad   you separating families by putting  adults and  children in sepa .
 nowthisnews and donald trump owns companies in mexico but is trying to build a wall  how about closing those compa .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump junior  you don t sound at all like you re mimicking daddy dearest    have you ever .
additionally  31 percent of blacks and 40 percent of hispanics believed in using the national guard to patrol the b .
good news for marcell ozuna for today s game  monterrey  mexico is almost 1800 feet above sea level versus around 5 .
 sleepratlisa  realdonaldtrump i agree  they need to quit bitching about it and follow prodical   if we go to their .
 elitecrook   c realmc stop acting like it s wrong to give business to party people who worked hard to get the part .
 speakmymindguy  aoc  resistancerev didn t trump say he was gonna do healthcare for everybody  end tpp  bring jobs .
 fitness2223  darcybbc  debramessing that s what i ve been saying       build a wall at mexico    around california and e .
 and we don t need a wall and tight security at our border   right   migrants aggressively break border gate .
 misshellca  spaceforcebravo  teriross69  clairevaux  burghgirl69  provdcrumblover  donnnie  leonwhi63670221 .
 gop and so what  trump has no policies apart from wall  which mexico has refused to pay for it .
hail to the cheese    artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
regard o as a   oa      mexico regards the idea of a border wall as an insult and insists it will not pay    .
 sevencard2003 you arent keeping up with your antichrists talking points   trump proclaiming his man love of wiki .
 ladyjacklyn  stopmediabiasxo  takeout4five  patrickrandall  ahal79  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump technology vs a .
so why did they not use force to keep this from happening  what are we in the united states going to do when they d .
trump said he wouldn t have time for golf  yet he s played more than any other  potus  said he would build a wall  .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump get over it  they will pay if not one way  then another  the wall is being built  and .
 the governors dangerous border policies and inflammatory rhetoric are also an affront to the tohono oodham natio .
 karinahtorresss  susang2015 mcallen isnt like how trump described because walls work  there is a wall between mca .
 realjameswoods yes  we all think that   but her large wall secludes  just sends most to her district  this blows u .
mcallen is safe because there is wall that separates them from mexico  there are 700 miles of america that is not p .
adequate security personnel for  late  amb chris stevens  and immoral to fail to fund a wall at our southern border .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 junior631227324  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews sure has  failed tax plan for americans  failed to h .
 foramerica u r supporting a man who has been proven 2  b a liar  amp  can t be trusted made promises to the coal miner .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 whitehouse border security found dozens of tunnels dug under the wall  they showed them to the president    .
first off wtf is this nonsense          secondly  you forgot about your love for wikileaks when you said you didnt know .
 dietlinpamela  realjameswoods conquer mexico      make 60 states    make the lower 50 miles a huge prison of scumb .
 misshellca  burghgirl69  clairevaux  provdcrumblover  teriross69  donnnie  leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico .
 gmanbuddah  blkwomenradical  lsarsour  ilhanmn count with me  i am going to show my taxes when i am elected  mexic .
 bdwb3  seanhannity  gop you do fully understand they are confiscating land in texas because you cant build the wa .
 kjune65  magagwen more noise from don the con  get happy after some of the things he says actually happen like tra .
so wait   mexico has locks on gate wall on its southern border  but we are wrong for wanting the same on ours   .
most of the  33 billion in remittances to mexico flow via u s  govt  banking program  if eve .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the us mexico border  .
 zameermaan ye mexico ki wall k paar giray ga.
yes yes yes do it  or she immediately  get the belated immigration failure  fixed  gate entrance only wall get buil .
 the u s  house of representatives is suing to block president donald trump from taking billions of dollars from fe .
 realdonaldtrump dear potus       don t forget the fbi s j  comey put you in office with his memo       what about       the la .
 hillaryshoe12  realdonaldtrump what were his campaign promises     to  make america great again   what does that eve .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  sencorygardner  speakerpelosi  sencorygardner  repkinzinger .
 debsw68  gatewaypundit  repadamschiff mexico is going to pay for the wall.
 real defender promising mexico will pay for the wall and that hell have cheaper healthcare for everyone seems like 2 pretty big lies.
 shop support  artist proyecto  project  instalacion  installation  cheese wall border tecate frontera  mexico .
the democratic party has to begin to manage rep  ilhan omars tweets and aocs tweets   it is just fodder for the r .
 darkcloudkilla  johnbrennan btw with asset seizures  mueller investigation netted a profit  yikes          were gonna .
 burghgirl69  teriross69  leonwhi63670221  mediadontmatta  dannaja64danny  gunblade44  akvawe66  annableigh .
 2runtherace  realdonaldtrump then  if it s that important why arent they lobbying liberals to agree on boarder  se .
pay for that wall  mark my words  trumps belief that mexico should finance construction for the wall led mexican .
june 16  2015  in the same speech announcing his candidacy  donald trump said  i will build a great walland nobo .
 charliekirk11 where you when trump promised that mexico would pay for the wall    where were you when trump got laug .
 gehrig38 only the  cult45 idiots will believe trump when he denies saying it   those who think for themselves know .
 pinkk9lover  lochthescot  potus  rockonohio  appsame  libshategrizz  philmccrackin44  arizonakayte  lvnancy .
 williamstrausb1  trumpwarroom they were violent from the get go  they beat up mexican police and set fire to a gov .
explored friendship park at the westernmost part of the border with mexico  yes  that wall extends into the ocean  .
 gehrig38 ummmm he easily could have stated how he planned to have the wall paid for  instead he just said mexico w .
 hasdas1980  brianjl61  realdonaldtrump did mexico pay for the wall  did you get free health insurance   nope.
 useitorloseit6  ewarren  aoc mexico paying for wall  showing his taxes and never leaving wh .
 charliekirk11 maybe the size of her crowds  or her net worth  or where her parents were born  or windmills causing .
 kathygriffin lets give california back to mexico  build a wall around it.
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
best endorsement for the border wall  jorge ramos talks about how easy it is to kill in mexico  buildthewallnow .
right like thats going to happen  the wall  made young men  especially  want  to hook up with friends and family b .
 realdonaldtrump but you have done nothing for us infrastructure      except insist a useless wall along our southern b .
 charliekirk11 they never mean what they say  im praying trump does it  this alone will stop everything they are a .
 madisongesiotto the 9th circuits ruling was that it would be too dangerous for asylum seekers to wait in mexico  .
build that wall           us can keep sending asylum seekers back to mexico  court ruling  topbuzz .
 gehrig38 mexico will in essence pay for the wall.
 laurengg76  maribxbkgirl  msnbc  nbcnews  laurengg76 i m so glad you re such an expert on what trump thinks  maybe .
this influx is not anyones fault except all leaders  both sides  who argued in public about the wall this talk g .
no one can help the fact youre too stupid to know what mexico will pay for the wall meant  most grown ups knew m .
 potus the continued immigrant video marching towards usa in southern mexico are disturbing  please do more to stop .
 edkrassen if you d been an immigrant from mexico or the other three mexican states  you know  honduras  el salvado .
 realdonaldtrump and you flipped at almost any other issue  you are the impersonation of a fake populist and a esta .
did the check mexico wrote us for the wall bounce  why all the hoopla about the border  realdonaldtrump   you said .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  .
like mexico paying for the wall and the north korean summit solution   were still waiting for the china trade de .
 tannerstake trump said mexico would pay for the wall   the media mocked him                              the media was right.
 ryanafournier mexico  is  paying for the wall  however indirect it is     maga.
called to the wall 2019 is underway  join us at st  michael s in anaheim at 9 00am or st  john s in chula vista at .
 9thcircuit of all things    illegals  immigration  wall    usa can keep sending  asylum seekers back to  mexico  c .
 25article4  mrparacletes  lesleyabravanel  realdonaldtrump since your friend blocked me lol .
 briankolfage  dannaja64danny  ryanafournier  ingrahamangle  kag4all  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump .
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget your promise that mexico will pay for the wall .
he acted as if he didnt understand her  he understood he was illegal and going to jail or back to mexico  now hes .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico   justice  world.
without the senate impeachment will never happen  our best bet is to vote that criminal asshole out  democrats need .
 dukeandboy  alyssa milano we will ever forget this ass clown of  a president    show us the report      taxes    h .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
trump  we will make mexico pay for the wall to protect everyone      bernie  we will make the rich pay for free college .
trumps well thought out humane foreign policy to our neighbors mexico  amp  so america   build a wall  his  amp  jareds mi .
 realdonaldtrump  diamondandsilk just give mexico the freaking money to build a 50 high  20 in the ground wall al .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico .
the deal maker who cant get mexico to pay for his wall  .
 darkcloudkilla  cernovich im going to build a wall and mexico will pay     2  years  where is wall and where is check from mexico .
 proyecto  project  instalacion  installation  artist  artista  losangeles  cosimocavallaro  wall cheese border tec .
 colin42463552  arthurschwartz  realdonaldtrump  tedlieu sorry pal  nice try  didn t vote for him on the wall  figu .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
a rancher with first hand experience     said he s not a fan of the idea of having a border wall       he wants to the go .
 vp  whitehouse  no wall    no funding from mexico    border crossings are up    courts striking down illegal policies    m .
 acnewsitics the  candidate  who lied his ass off to get elected       the most egregious of all       trade deficits skyro .
 emmyjewel  garygtmm  rcrobjohn i live in new mexico and wild horses are becoming a thing of the past just a painti .
with the reds playing in mexico tonight   im hoping they make it back before the wall goes up  reds  redsproblems .
trump claims new border wall is being built  no new sections of wall are being built  replacement wall is being bui .
 brianshepherd13  sellrandall  realdonaldtrump i will call it brainwashed  a person like pinocchio trump who has no .
build the wall and pressure mexico to deal with the criminals who take the money and look the other way .
 chiefsgaming32  m a g a 45  professorpongo  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump so why is trump taking money from the m .
 realdonaldtrump  promisesmadepromisesbroken denuke n k  build the wall  better healthcare  will not reduce medicar .
 themoog62  natasharothwell  heathergilding  realdonaldtrump theres another notion to this migration  its bad in .
 realdonaldtrump trump is a vindictive failure  failed at getting mexico to pay for his white elephant wall  failed .
not sure how dems think this is not a crisis   this needs to be stopped and a wall is needed       migrants break bor .
 stepper22631060  dmj43  thehill the wall that he promised mexico would pay for  so then you are ok  as a christian .
put illegals in sanctuary cities    tax fund transfers to mexico    enforce e verify regulations    defund planned parent .
200  people caught crossing the boarder in new mexico all at once  this is an invasion  just happened around 2 3am .
during the 2016 campaign  gop presidential candidate donald trump appealed to voters by making a wide variety of dr .
 undertow9681  realdonaldtrump let me be more specific  i work with kids  the white kids started yelling at the his .
 basednews24 7  sianoresist  realdonaldtrump  nbcnews       i m gonna build a wall and mexico s gonna pay for it  .
 laikenjordahl i can t wait until a scene like this is broadcast to the world from right here in new mexico rejecti .
 tom4congressny6  rosannasfriend  ilhanmn trump wasn t lying when he said mexico would build the wall  he just got .
 realdonaldtrump how about deporting all the democrat liberal progressive socialist marxist fascists to mexico  or canada  build the wall .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
too all you trumpers out there  mexico will not pay for the wall  are you enjoying your 4000 dollar tax refund.
give some time this weekend to read and see the great photos by  laurenpetracca and writing by  brihicks pandc on t .
 anncoulter  mexico will pay for the wall  .
 nbcnightlynews  cynthiamcfadden  drugs  warondrugs  fuckedupdemocrats    people are so fucked up  it is all about .
entirely factual attacks on  amymcgrathky  she       1  supports abortion up until birth      2  supports single payer heal .
 .
 realdonaldtrump i will take you at your word    problem solved mexico will be our wall    cool .
 realdonaldtrump  potus it is past time to close our border  it is past time to deport all illegals  it is past tim .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up    dhaka tribune .
ap  migrants break border gate  force their way into mexico   american voters were promised mexico would pay for th .
the drug cartel in america does not care about people only money   keep mexico cartel and jails out of america put up the wall.
 realdonaldtrump the problem is you  like  presssec   lie  you have no credibility  if the report does exonerate yo .
democrats accept that citizens of mexico and central american countries are fleeing persecution   if that is true  .
though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  m .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump youre taking that out of context  much like the whole  mexico is going to pay for the .
 tannerstake he said mexico would pay for the wall    they didnt      he said hed release his taxes     he didnt      he sai .
 nowthisnews yes please send more military and keep them in mexico until the wall is complete  to hell with democrats and fake biased medias.
though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  m .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum do you deny that trumps major priori .
what  bet mexico is sorry they didn t pay for the wall  seems like they have a crisis at the border now  thank yo .
why is potus  building a wall between mexico and california wall should be between california and the remainder of .
 realdonaldtrump this will all occur when mexico pays for the wall and you voluntarily release your taxes as promised .
 dbongino tell me which dem promised a big wall that mexico would pay for   ill wait .
i don t understand how democrats cannot see human  sex trafficking and the inflow of immense quantity of drugs happ .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump waiting for mexico to pay for the wall  when is that going to happen .
the trump show on immigration is all about toughness and cruelty with the primary focus being on building a wall  a .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico        nytimes  washingtonpost  cnn .
 realdonaldtrump why did you lie that mexico would pay for a wall .
mexico will pay for the wall .
 jonfitztv  ap politics  ap so what is you grand plan   9th court wont send them back to mexico  you complain when .
 breitbartnews thanks to trumps new precedent of the potus ignoring the law we also drop all trump supporters in s .
 realdonaldtrump due to the fact that republicans arent able to agree on immigration changes of a normal nature we .
an fyi to most a reminder to some   mexico has a border wall  partly metal link per pic in chicago tribune partly c .
 lesliedy4  realdonaldtrump  rosann y so  i should pay taxes for a wall that your boy donald said mexico would pay .
 realjameswoods this is 45s best idea yet   genius   the tax on remittances back to mexico is also fantastic   doe .
 mitchellvii i thought you were going to ask if mexico s check for the wall cleared yet .
 cnn it s a sad photo either way   and it s real   what the heck happened when trump ran for president saying   i t .
 realdonaldtrump i say tear down the wall between california and mexico and build it around california all the way to washington state  .
 gop  realdonaldtrump ok  let it continue eventually whats going to happen is  americans will literally go and mak .
 realdonaldtrump you constantly prove yourself to be a heartless little bully  not a man at all why not just have a .
 realdonaldtrump viva mexico  the sunny side of the wall .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  14  .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  by  grenchpan.
 surfermom77  lisasmith4680  cnn  msnbc  nbcnews  abc  cbsnews yes the deficit is the deficit because of all the tr .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico  resist  resisttrump  fucktrump .
 themachinex3  micheldkerrigan  tedlieu  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump it was pretty clear on the campaign trail that me .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall along oregons northern border  turn south along the california border to mexico  hint hint  its a trick .
 realdonaldtrump  and who s going to pay for the wall  mexico  mexico  mexico  .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported  from mexico .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico .
 davematt88  micheldkerrigan  tedlieu  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump in essence yes   through the discharging of nafta a .
a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico  .
via  theintercept   a honduran asylum seeker was brutally murdered after being deported from mexico .
 chuckcallesto  realdonaldtrump it s also a bad idea to take these illegal aliens in because thousands more will co .
 themachinex3  micheldkerrigan  tedlieu  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump so mexico paid for the wall .
build the wall            .
donald trump is on the mexico side of the newly erected wall  .
 realdonaldtrump viva mexico  the sunny side of the wall.
 revjjackson s column  the politics behind donald trump s empty threats on mexico border   v .
 realdonaldtrump  and who s going to pay for the wall mexico mexico  mexico  .
 realdonaldtrump like mexico paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget how you lied about mexico paying for a wall n now you want  america to pay fo .
 helenkeeper  markwelljohn  dragonflytdh  fairimmigration washington dc needs to stay the fuck out the peoples free .
 mattatinio  kag4all he said mexico would pay for the wall .
 vicentefoxque  lopezobrador  no dijiste tu primero que mxico no pagara la fucking wall    y despues dijiste que .
if things get any worse here  mexico is going to need a wall to keep us out .
 watt lolo  realdonaldtrump hey dumbo trump said mexico will pay for the wall he did not say mexico will pre pay fo .
 realdonaldtrump he s playing you   you re a terrible deal maker mexico pays for  wall  congress pays for  wall  .
 realdonaldtrump lol and mexico is paying for the wall  lol keep on lying trump .
 realdonaldtrump he s playing you   you re a terrible deal maker mexico pays for  wall  congress pays for  wall  .
 realdonaldtrump is mexico going to pay for the wall .
for families seeking a balls to the wall warm weather getaway with everything you could possibly imagine under one .
 raymysterio305 send all of them to california  in fact take down the wall between mexico and california and just let them all in    .
 blondie patriot  realdonaldtrump full stop for 1 year   build wall   reform laws  amp  fix loop holes   hire more judges to .
trump immigration plans  mexico pays for the wall  gt  american tax payers pay for the wall  gt  screw it let em all in .
 nasty 1   ascension guide  annas spot  devine freedom  theamericanlef1  dreamwalkerwc  veteransalways   twiceborn  .
 madisongesiotto actually if the left demands we dont build the wall  then 100  support sending them to california .
after the us mexico wall is finished  on to the us california wall     speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom  kamalaharris .
 matthew12214439  charliekirk11 hi matt  portland  chicago  philidelphia  sf  san jose  middlebury  montgomery coun .
 conservativma  brendanoe60  realdonaldtrump see if mexico will let us help them enforce their southern border wall .
 kd  14  realdonaldtrump inauguration this was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration  amp  this carn .
 realdonaldtrump here is a thought      since mexico has a southern border wall but cant seem to enforce it  why dont .
 realdonaldtrump please l beg you send them on busses planes and trains  will be cheaper than hotels pelisi  had a .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists with stopping il .
  realdonaldtrump lies   we have just built this powerful wall in new mexico  completed on january 30       violent crime .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  build the wall  shut down the border until mexico properly assists with stopping il .
 johnmcc24870544  mroz2112  mitchellvii how s that wall coming that mexico paid for .
 qellyanon  lindawarriorgal  jennydan26  realjediman1  potus trump knows latinos out populate whites  do you think .
brazil supports the wall       brazil expresses that building the wall between usa and mexico will have a vital role in .
 donholtmac  catheri77148739  squirrely99  tiseven2  tertiusiii  jamespking1963  coelleen  orna verum  loriniowa .
 obamamalik also  it isnt a very nice thing to do   mexico is our neighbor   we should show love for mexico   a wa .
 realdonaldtrump san francisco     isn t los angeles  one as well     but please wall off these cities as well     bu .
we are nation of immigrants  my grandfather and grandmother from sicily did not come to america through central ame .
 atrupar hang on   wall  mexico is paying for the wall  nope  the wall is been built  no  is it slates or a fence  .
 thehill just like when trump never said mexico was going to pay for the wall.
  hating people because of their skin color is wrong and it doesn t matter which color does the hating      muhamma .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 predicts there won t be any wall between us and mexico   no and never   at least next 5 yea .
 aratikumarrao the mexico border wall is terrible  but nrc is critical and well implemented.
has the us  war on drugs  failed  derek maltz and sanho tree debate the one trillion dollar  war on drugs  and trum .
 realdonaldtrump same thing with the wall     they want it between their own town and mexico but not between  mine and mexico  .
 artist ma.
and trump was going to make mexico pay for the wall   hows that working out   and he oversaw the seizing and losin .
 heyitscarolyn  laylaalisha11 make the wall  me  reach 50k too    .
 mrtommycampbell  cubfan1324  realdonaldtrump  nbcnews cant seem to close that mexico will pay for the wall deal .
what an idiot  but with one as our president    it s not a big surprise that this stuff will keep happening  scarry .
 realdonaldtrump never forget to grab em by the pussy never forget nazis are fine people never forget mexico will p .
 pamwise87666953  myshadowdays  zaren  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  washingtonpost  cnn 6  terrorist attack in swede .
 gsreynolds2 build that wall asap  amp  send all the detainees over to  speakerpelosi  sensanders  betoorourke .
usa demands mexico to pay for the wall as a way of  fixing their mistakes       mexico responds with demands of the 54 .
 we will build a wall on our southern border and mexico is gonna pay for it  nice one  realdonaldtrump    nieuwekerk .
 anncoulter mexico isn t paying for the wall       oh  and we are not paying for trumps idiotic wall either .
 realdonaldtrump loser trump fails at most everything and then whines and pouts  failed to close border and gave me .
 realdonaldtrump  trumps a bust maga  defecit  ballooned over a trillion  mexico didn t  pay for wall farmers needi .
 prageru as a mexican i can tell you  based on the caravans from central america and the crisis going on in mxico .
if he comes to the uk trump should be arrested awaiting extradition to mexico  trump told cbp head he d pardon him .
 shermansnecktie i like this game       no socialism ever   build the wall       wall might not be paid for by mexico  collec .
u s  president donald trump says he is considering sending illegal immigrants to so called  sanctuary cities  amid .
cindy mccain rips trump s human trafficking proposal   a wall is not going to fix this    cindy mccain  the widow of .
 realdonaldtrump donny   so mexico wont pay for your wall   awwww no    why o why  you said they would donny   you said it  .
 resisttheelites  stillcrazyblaze  realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump here are a few of the nice things your buddy tr .
 realjameswoods no if he did we d have a vatican high wall or one like mexico s so  border.
l a  artist builds u s  mexico border wall of cheese bricks to highlight waste .
 hfxoil  obamamalik prevents from entering legally too  trump is planning to close the wall  it might be not perman .
 mcspocky  katrifice  realdonaldtrump perhaps more amazing is his supporters have no memory whatsoever  does anyone .
 realdonaldtrump you say its not mexicos fault  well  no wonder they won t pay for your wall       and now youre bla .
because jobs in your unrevealed conflicts of ohio  he will be a wall  mexico  which is looking so hard in full force and.
 breitbartnews so mexico is now paying for not having a wall   trump is right again .
 nomadpdx in mexico i saw houses surrounded by tall cement walls w broken glass embedded along the top  i think the .
 cadmack1  ilya zzzzz  abcpolitics  jonkarl  gma just like mexico paying for the wall  repeal and replace  removing .
everybody knows mexico is blocking me from fixing this country  this wouldn t have happened if the democrats let me build my wall  great .
 stlcu0911  fvdtilburg  jvareldzis  sianoresist  realdonaldtrump  nbcnews here is more detailed information with pi .
rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch  though president realdonaldtrump said he woul .
 gregabbott tx trump needs to stick every mile of that stupid wall up his fish belly white ads of his     thats the .
can feds be charged with treason to americans     can mexico  be fined     maybe mexico can build the entire wall .
 stlcu0911  fvdtilburg  jvareldzis  sianoresist  realdonaldtrump  nbcnews wrong again  there was 700 miles of wall .
 tennesseine hes forgetting to release his tax returns  hes forgetting to get mexico to pay for his vanity wall  .
this is what happens on the other side of the wall in nogales mexico  happy and bright   misinformation costs lives  .
i never been held hostage in the united states  mexico beach where illegals from the wall  which is just  by hard and submitted.
 glynnlasher  hell o copter  charliekirk11 so a wall along the guatemala mexico border would work  because its much .
 tiffanybond  senatorcollins irony   every main hotel complex and major business in mexico is surrounded by a large .
 right  agenda riiiight  hey  how s that wall of yours coming  almost four years and they haven t even started it y .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews where is the mueller report  where is our tax cut  where is the wall mexico will pay for  .
 kamalaharris sounds like a good place to send all the illegals   then not only a wall for mexico  but ca too  .
 rule keeping asylum seekers in mexico can temporarily proceed  court says     i wonder if courts saw writing on th .
 realdonaldtrump if we taxed the remittance from illegals to mexico   15   we could put the  5 000 000 000 toward t .
let trump build his wall round mexico  then i hope something big happens on the white house lawn  nothing man made .
 pamwise87666953  myshadowdays  zaren  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  washingtonpost  cnn he has made nearly 10000 fal .
 benspolitics  cnn if we taxed the remittance from illegals to mexico   15   we could put the  6 000 000 000 toward .
 pamelam55469583 s account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy  learn more .
 aleeyun nvaazun  yuwantokno1  pdenisegray1  lostandlovinit  ghostoftick  swettmanf  hrt6017  amluvinit2 .
 doorknobjack  noahcrothman why do you love a draft dodging fraud  let me guess     he had you when mexico paid for .
mexico   china and other shithole countries are screwing us  lets build a wall is very different from some occup .
      or no deal    make juarez america    start great boarder wall     buy rock from mexico and take profit to hel .
 realdonaldtrump hows mexico paying for your fence wall going  or infrastructure  or replacing aca  or draining th .
 realdonaldtrump nothing is important to you as a president than building a wall you shouldn t have been a presiden .
 realdonaldtrump by the way has mexico paid for that wall yet .
in other video and reports  these same  migrants  pulled down the border wall and swarmed across into mexico  i hop .
 aocpress  chriskkenny wall length  0   wall pesos from mexico  0   soybean exports to china  0   guilty pleas  5   house s .
 cher his  conservative  a k a white nationalist supporters fail 2 see see that not only will we not mexico  pay fo .
 samarasbritt  claudiabenven  realdennislynch  repkatieporter  jpmorgan these are some pretty petty knit picked lie .
what s with militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
 ryanafournier it is about time   now we the people must patrol the border to keep them out until our government ge .
 johnny0732  claudiabenven  realdennislynch  repkatieporter  jpmorgan  he said his father was born in germany     pue .
 texaslips  realdonaldtrump well build the wall when we see mexicos check  wait  that hasnt happened yet  try no .
 realdonaldtrump take that  22b in money transfers to mexico from usa a year and literally make mexico pay for the wall   maga.
 realtbonehusker  tiffanydcross  msnbc  potus  seanhannity  tuckercarlson  realjameswoods  dbongino all you  maga m .
 bradwyatt88  real joenathan  jeremymstamper  realdonaldtrump  nbcnews he was also sure about birtherism  that the .
 realdonaldtrump  ncgrl91910 where is the wall   the big beautiful wall from sea to shining sea  the wall that was .
 edkrassen  hillaryclinton the real reason trump is a comedian  he lies well    he even said mexico plays the wall  .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump he also said mexico would pay for the wall  for six years repubs controlled congress yet .
60 kids were killed for their organs in mexico only to sell them and people really think that they coming here to  .
 realdonaldtrump our little builder  working on the great wall of mexico  .
 retorogeemu2018 actually  i m not falling for anything  except the truth that trump is a liar  it started day1 wit .
 cindymccain rips trump border proposal  a wall is not going to fix this  donaldtrump  president  mexico .
 properopinion  listmouse from mexico is gonna pay for the wall to well actually were gonna send them to the r .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall in the border of u s and mexico   so no one illegally not to come into the united sta .
just like closing the border  mexico paying for the wall  .
 caselexes  pierrej81046459  rhymesradical  ellis crane  dearauntcrabby  lisaboell  ambeanie moss  spettypi .
 speakerpelosi  housedemocrats when will you fix the border wall crisis   we are being invaded  other countries wou .
 tuersman paul ryan was a liberal judge  trump can t even negotiate with republicans to get anything done  i bet na .
 buylowcashout a wall   so let me get the straight  you think there is a singular wall across the entire us mexico border .
unlawful entrants into the usa is over capacity   mexico s south border isn t secure  build our wall  send illegals to blue sanctuary states.
 repjerrynadler you had a republican congress for six years the last two during your reign   no border control  no .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews is it not true the way mexico is paying for the wall .
i am thinking of firing robert mueller and replacing him with a wall with mexico and scream  goku   make america great again.
hillary clinton warned taxpayers that they d be paying for trump s wall  not mexico  and here we are   link  .
trump is going to let the mexicans that he called rapists amp criminals   the main purpose of the wall that mexico was .
 csurp34  oregon patriot  yamiche because i read    and i make informed decisions based on the information presente .
 kevlar2283  jeeastwood63  timlambertnet  aanlyan  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump three full days and you re still d .
yall really wanna build a wall yet spend spring break in mexico with daddys money.
 dcnetworkbuild  davidcrosss 1  replacing fencing isnt a wall     2  mexico is not paying for it        0 2.
 chuckfilet  charliekirk11 trust me technology is not going to stop people from getting through you have to have a .
build the damned wall and make mexico pay for it   boycottmexico until they do  .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews just like you said i never promised mexico would pay for the wall and you know nothing of wikileaks .
 realdonaldtrump the only way to solve this is to send them back and close the border and build the wall and only l .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump fail to make mexico pay for a useless wall  with full control .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews right      and     wikileaks wasn t your thing    and tim apple    and oranges and orange .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews    and mexico will pay for wall.
 judgejeanine the army should dig those deep wide ditches where the wall will go or the army shouldnt huge trucks .
 danaperino  thefive the army should dig those deep wide ditches where the wall will go or the army shouldnt huge .
 realdonaldtrump the army should dig those deep wide ditches where the wall will go or the army shouldnt huge truc .
 calbear g  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk nice pivot  no wall through the trade deal   no wall f .
 csurp34  oregon patriot  yamiche hog wash  trump said repeated that mexico would pay for it and had the crowd repe .
 buylowcashout research nafta  we will make billions from mexico  of which a small portion will pay for the entire wall .
 realdonaldtrump  nbcnews    and mexico will pay for the wall        go pay off another porn star fatty .
 ettasplace  navydeplorable  keithboykin  realdonaldtrump no  i  hear just fine  do you remember any of these   i h .
 prageru don t worry  we will have no wall and mexico will never invade the usa  that s a guarantee .
 realdonaldtrump why dt so determent and it seems to be his top priority to build that wall on the border of mexico .
 smm lumani  oregon patriot  yamiche no  none of the above       mexico was never going to write an upfront check for a .
 realdonaldtrump all mexico has is tequilla  with fucked up drug trafficers   human traffickers        congress build t .
 buylowcashout mexico paid for the wall about 1000x over  learn maths .
 mexico get that wall up .
 charliekirk11 i think if they came through mexico  you drop them back off in mexico    take them back through the ho .
 gopoversight  realdonaldtrump wait  the democrats have to fix the 22 trillion deficit     whose brilliant tax cuts .
 billupselite goes on an 10 0 to retake the lead 62 52 over  d1nationnm with 2 37 left to play  new mexico has hit .
 anfhaireoir  anncoulter we re gonna put it with mexico s wall money .
mexico is stealing the wall     .
promises made promises broken    who will pay for the wall    mexico  mexico    oops  sorry  but the american taxpayers w .
 buylowcashout  carpedonktum  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn trump has renegotiated the trade deal with mexico  thats ma .
 webballyssa  denvergal56  billkristol well   if the republicans extend this hell   and enough people emigrate to m .
 therickwilson  huffpostpol but at least he got mexico to pay for the wall  right .
 billupselite goes on an 10 0 to retake the lead 62 52 over  d1nationnm with 2 37 left to play  new mexico has hit .
 gop  erictrump now do trump  when is mexico paying for the wall  wheres the beautiful health care trump promose .
 bdiggity66  rashidatlaib don t be so butthurt       repugnicants lose arguments all the time       as for bills  president .
 steph93065  realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo is that like mexico will pay for the wall   or like separating childre .
 realdonaldtrump bro  too bad you put yourself in a corner by promising your supporters that mexico would pay for t .
 realdonaldtrump now mxico is going to want a wall on their southern border  two walls for the price of one  the a .
 harleyrouda  repharley have mexico pay for the wall was a long time ago  you need to get in there and vote on this .
 realdonaldtrump totally awesome news now they can wait in mexico and if mexico doesn t like that they should build .
 realdonaldtrump will mexico keep them like they are paying for the wall  .
mexico is the wall  realdonaldtrump  .
 realdonaldtrump trump is in a mission to keep a broken promise   the wall is not a solution  open your eyes magats .
 ssbblake  wunderpig  jtlol  mujahedkobbe  aoc like what  he said he d build a big beautiful wall and mexico would .
 eldermld1  realmagasteve  jenn198523  realdonaldtrump to place them in sanctuary cities is abusive   no  throwing .
 watch  steven crowder  5 reasons to build the wall .
  vgchieftrainer  i fundamentally believe if more people could see the earth from space  it would change the way w .
 whitehouse quit worrying mexico will pay for the wall .
illegal entry is illegal entry  case closed  .
 chuckcallesto i guess  if they have to be here  i say wall  and them on the mexico side of it .
 charliedaniels i say we run that wall north and give california back to mexico .
 cheri4trump mexico paying for your wall  hillary locked up   planned parenthood defunded  .
 housegop mexico will pay for the wall   .
 andersenarn  iluvpuffins  aprildryan as many headlines of mexico paying for the wall and loving wikileaks and obam .
seeing the wall that trump is building  when i went to mexico was disturbing.
though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexicans in .
 carpedonktum  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn make a video of trump saying hell make mexico pay for the wall .
 senategop you pay for the wall and trump or mexico  put it on the irs forms yes or no to the wall  do not take my .
the republicans who support trump ought to have to pay for his wall   not us  he lied and said mexico would pay for it  hold him to it .
 dbartoni69  ccindyt7  davidwohl  cnbc maybe you were talking about mexico building the wall part  it sounded like .
 catchows  nateman79  americanair china was thousands of years ago  israels is working excellently  and the berlin .
 teampelosi my question is if he s such a good president why hasn t he proposed the fact of having these people emp .
 james21072  deplorableshow been hearing it  but knowbody has issued an impeachment request    im still waiting fo .
 thomclyma  toryolson  nowthisnews  aoc  gop trump said mexico should pay for the wall or he would renegotiate naft .
 tex sedx  toryolson  nowthisnews  aoc  gop yea  like mexico was building the wall  that trump would release is tax .
 potus  realdonaldtrump   ambjohnbolton  secpompeo  should the united states tell mexico to pay at least half to bu .
 lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump and we will never forget trump said i love wikileaks hey russia if you re listening a .
 ac360  repkathleenrice contagion  no  burden  yes        realdonaldtrump to secure border  ds say no wall funding  ds .
 realdonaldtrump they re not unwilling 2 change it  in fact there has been a bipartisan bill for years  they re jus .
 catchows  nateman79  americanair we dont already have a wall      try coming down to texas where i live  you can cr .
disorder on the border  designed by donald trump  pisackson  via  myfairobserver.
 tmz damn   of all the shit on twitter  this one really gets me  we cant spend money on our kids  but we need a damn wall in mexico.
 gop  erictrump dad hasnt accomplished anything but a failed trade war  raised our taxes  reimbursing farmers  no .
 rainamorgan  songdmb41  nomis nod  doggintrump  realdonaldtrump we could just ask  el chapo  how effective a wall .
 nicksporcich  natesilver538 too funny  they will say anything to win  like i will build a wall and mexico will pa .
 make  america  grater  again  support  artist installation  project  cheese wall border tecate  mexico .
 sarahpalinusa democrats can t have it both ways they wanted them now they can have them put the wall around califo .
 realdonaldtrump nope president trump don t stoop to the democrats craziness        close the border until mexico stops .
 realsaavedra  juliancastro how is it cruel california said  send them  we will take them all we have a lot of room .
 tozyterry  b39 n  sandraschulze  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump it is also important for you to repeat h .
mexico will pay for the wall       windmills give you cancer       puerto rico received  91 billion in hurricane relie .
 hillbeverlyhill he wants to be a dictator   are those blue states   i thought mexico was paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump you are the president  build the damn wall and close the border  the only sanctuary city that shou .
 realdonaldtrump maybe the way you re trying to deal with it is the wrong way  i know you re a business man and can .
 dennislittle19  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk because if the citizens reap the benefits and then .
 feduptnvoter  stevenwiliams5  realdonaldtrump republicans  the imperialist  xenophobic party trying to build an ar .
i agree with president trump  am an american citizen  my home is in california  i say bus all the incoming illegals .
 gop  realdonaldtrump you have to stop lying                     border security .
 calbear g  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk it does  you said the trade deal will fund the wall   th .
 maxinetime  rashidatlaib has about as much to do with the conversation as mexico paying for a wall  that was a com .
 sportstalkbarry if so  then even out the trolling also give donald lied about mexico paying for wall trump some of the barry humor.
 jondoelives  lpnational the last statistics i saw was that about 75  of illegal immigrants come through border con .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews you have not won  immigration  mexico paid wall  peace in nk  china tariffs  tr .
 cynstreat  davidwohl  speakerpelosi  senschumer the wall mexico still isnt paying for   .
 anncoulter  marhatestrump mexico will pay for the wall .
 kmcgregor0006  joshclaytes  sondra6012  hillaryclinton that wall is plainly trump s ticket to re election and noth .
 acosta trump 2016 mexico will pay for the wall trump 2019  duhhhhh   trump 2017 us steel to build 6 new plants trump .
 gop stop the lies       the fentanyl arrives in other ways and you know it          phillydotcom .
 ac360  andersoncooper you assholes want sanctuary cities  you assholes want open borders  you assholes don t want .
 repdancrenshaw if each mexican paid 500k to enter the us  then that   could fund the wall  then mexico really would be paying for the wall .
 ccindyt7  davidwohl it felt like it was going to happen but somebody was talking  nevertrump to mexico  2018gophou .
 ginnyginny 1  happyone59  sanctuarycities are the only place illegals should go  thats where they get sanctuary  .
the  elchapoact was is a great idea by  tedcruz  but many of those of us who were enamoured by the possibility of m .
i overhear us border wall with mexico takes many forms  few stop the daily flow of illegal crossings .
and mexico will pay for the wall          foxconn says empty buildings in wisconsin are not empty .
just saw the first hulk movie from the marvel universe  amp  was wondering how was bruce banner was able to go to brazi .
 cctv idiots isnt it the wall of mexico trumps being trying to build.
president trump sir  notice the media hardly ever says one word about this happening again   you have foresight mr  .
 thefeltyperro  rashidatlaib lol no i will link the video not a transcript from a source that favors my narrative  .
 robin4freedom  gop  lindasuhler most illicit fentanyl comes from china  some through mexico a lot through the mail .
can we move the wall between california and mexico and just leave their border open  of course then we would have t .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 adriangeolopez  eddie swell america is an immigrant nation  if youre against sex trafficking and cartels then go a .
 realdonaldtrump like you never forgot about saying if elected you would release your taxes  or like forget your pr .
yesterday  i brought the lion king movie and watch it  its just sad on how much different it is to the real life  .
 imranpirishah  ruleselsa  cjwerleman that s what you started with right   a migrant to a country called usa  that .
 michaeljohns why did democrats oppose building the wall  where do they plan to keep illegal coming to u s  from me .
 trump all talk yackity jack intimidator  total bluster as usual but wants us you to believe he will nuke  korea se .
 realdonaldtrump the mexico border wall is necessary to protect the global factory along the mexican border  th .
 realdonaldtrump let s create a  special zone  along the let s mexico border  create a great new america     let s sp .
racial superiority is a mere pigment of the imagination  the   i will build a great great wall on our southern bord .
 kurtschlichter most americans dont want the wall tramp lied about constantly      mxico isnt paying for it  they .
 cozy   bear  alyssa milano ok they can have all the immigrants they want but we get to wall off southern californi .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump as a factory worker for the last 25 years    my job is going to mexico    build the wa .
 gop  ivankatrump more talk and no action   that s right up there with the wall mexico was going to pay for and rep .
waiting for a better idea  amnesty does not work  simpson mazzoli was a failure  the numbers just increased  mexico .
last week he was gonna shut down the border  this week he s gonna send migrants to sanctuary cities  right before t .
 1stcoloradomark  steph93065  realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo you mean like the wall that mexico was going to pay f .
i thought trump said he could fix everything and mexico would pay for the wall   is today enough for you.
yes they have all lost their minds   i m in calif where there is a lot of corrupt politicians in place  newsom is n .
 nthompson 3  stefanmolyneux mexico is going to pay for the wall  stormy who .
 gopchairwoman but   but   but   mexico would pay for the wall  right    the  socalledpresident made the promise.
 dustfar  dorotheascloset  jeremynewberger  jaketapper  cnn mexico will pay for the wall  dems oppose any effort t .
la lomita  a historic chapel  was also spared  but a historic gravesite and ordinary individuals  many of whom are .
 hiccup1dt  arthurschwartz  realdonaldtrump  tedlieu not as dumb as you actually believing mexico was paying for the wall      dumbassdonald.
 realdonaldtrump you created this  mexico is now a bridge because you insulted the entire country with your nonsens .
 hiccup1dt so why did trump lie about building the wall  why wasn t it a crisis in 2016  17  18  he said mexico pay .
 realdonaldtrump dems have been ready and willing to change immigration laws for many years as evidenced by dozens .
 of dreg  feisty fl  jeff in tx  politicomag where do i start   mexico paying for the wall   golfing more than obama .
 louisingenthron  diesellawltd  realdonaldtrump let him build his magic wall   and mexico s gonna pay for it   .
 realtylerzed kinda like trump  i will build a great wall  and make mexico pay      hows that working out .
 lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump 45 knows it s the people s money and he will suspend it on what ever he wants  like a .
hellboy on an investigation in new mexico s desert  there were reports of livestock having been sucked dry of blood .
mexico would definitely build that wall .
 realdonaldtrump then build the wall and put california on the other side and let mexico have it for north mexico .
 dailycaller my favorite was when he went to the mexico border by the wall to show us it wasn t a problem .
 terrimore1  twinsmia  davidwohl were building a wall and whos paying for it   yeah  not mexico  us .
black bears need an open border with mexico in order to survive in the lone state  experts say  .
 jdawsey1  rachaelmbade so who has outlined an architectonic plan to handle larger numbers of immigrants   closing .
 realdonaldtrump like you did about stormy daniels  or your affection for wikileaks  or that you acted as a fake pr .
we will never forget says the most racist  islamphobic  homo and transphobic human being ever that ripped immigra .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump we are receiving billions from mexico due to the change in our trade agreement  i gues .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 jccali  realdonaldtrump why do you wish for your fellow americans to go down  someone has tds   i thought there wo .
 tulsigabbard americans go to mexico to get it cheaper  trump wants to build a wall to stop americans from going to mexico  tulsi 20 20.
why did democrats oppose building the wall  where do they plan to keep illegal coming to u s  from mexico border  .
 brewhaman  realdonaldtrump i will build a wall  can t get it done    mexico will pay for it  not gonna happen    i m g .
 fairimmigration for a group so tolerant and accepting this board if all hate   question  if you get a break in you .
 sianoresist fake president trump is basically saying that he is now hinting at having an open southern border beca .
 bryancranston60  cbsnews  gavinnewsom how about trump puts his money where his mouth is and deports all illegals  .
who has campaigned more in 2 yrs in the white house   melania or michelle  difference is melania has 2 have permiss .
 gstrouth  vtimd  jshiplett if you look  it seems it came from mexico  see what happens when you dont have a wall  .
 jobcreatorsusa yeah and mexico is paying for the wall .
 lpnational what is the libertarian party s position on building the wall along the u s  mexico border .
 thehill right after the 2020 election   trust us   big infrastructure package   healthcare package   tax reform fo .
fake news isnt fake news  ok then what is fake news  puerto rico being given  91 billion  that dems want to abo .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  repdougcollins the border is your only chance to get re elected there have been too many b .
 i am the best at doing military     cult 45 .
 neensca  fedupcitizen16  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump we could build a wall from north cali from the pacific aro .
the reason for the  8b slashed from educ  bc that amount covers that freakin damn wall that mexico wont pay for  2 .
 realdonaldtrump sure you are      right after you get mexico to pay for the wall   .
 davidwohl were building a wall and mexico is paying for it .
 realjameswoods send them all to california   then tear down the wall in between california and mexico and let them walk on in .
forget about the wall between the us  amp  mexico  lets just wall off california.
 realdonaldtrump we will never forget  mexico will pay for the wall   kissing putin s ass  throwing the warmbier fa .
 angelusmendez  urbetsyjean  antonioparis  aoc  potus  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse and 2 9  is booming  if you ha .
 realdonaldtrump  potus you apparently forget alot  like keeping promises  asking wikileaks to find e mails  get me .
 presidenttrump  with ur one year delay with mexico that has never done anything  it appears you are beginning to g .
 doug wright1  maviisabe  tnicole921  realalpha 2  curiosguy911  ilmclt  jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump .
the government is clearing strips of land inside wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and butterflies as .
 maddssss   cgafutbol  ilhanmn trump did say that       he also said  shithole countries        women   you have to treat t .
president trumps border policies have failed  his fixation with a wall and his non stop attacks on mexico have mad .
 ron35127202  cinwall01  feisty fl thank you for your service  my boy is headed to the marines   point is there is .
 nikoliguerra who cares what was shot in mexico    yes i would imagine in a while it would need to be refilled    never .
 frankjannuzi  maggienyt the proposed wall costs less than one hundredth of the budget  we send more money overseas .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall across texas  arizona  and new mexico  leave the opening on the boarder of californ .
 joshclaytes  sondra6012  hillaryclinton what does the wall and transgender have to do with each other  america pay .
 saeen90   alexfirer  iheartmindy  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  and when they dont  well get non .
 glennbeck the people who take this seriously are the ones who believe in  pizzagate  birtherism  and that mexico w .
 msnbc still waiting for the check from mexico to pay for the wall.
 patriciaself  patriqt 1776  jdd2169  bustthegop  franjerkington  black is back5  rudykazutti  vickie627 .
send them all to the sanctuary cities in california then build the wall with mexico and california  they can make t .
 recyclecongres1  volbeatlifewife  ilhanmn  potus willing to bankrupt our country by building a multi billion dolla .
 lisackelly  bluestars 2000  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump he never divested  guess it slipped his mind        throw t .
 krvztiie  momentses  jorgeramosnews  lopezobrador      not really  i have lived in both sides of the wall and you .
 sebastianjllo  mpbcanes better than the alternative of taking about twenty miles of mexico and building the wall o .
el promedio industrial dow jones gan 269 25 puntos  o 1 03   a 26 412 3 unidades  el s amp p 500 avanz 19 09 puntos  .
sourcing journal   things you need to know for the week ahead  .
 realdonaldtrump hey trump got one queston hows the wall blocking the ilegeal imigrimts comeing from mexico.
 trumpsgagirl  barracuda bella  alyssa milano best idea yet   actually once the majority gets to california  build .
 transitreview  realdonaldtrump if only trump hadnt conspired w  russia  been a serial liar  ruined the epa and it .
 realdonaldtrump when you republicans had the house  you did nothing   mexico    is not paying for the wall   you failed .
 dcdcoder  washingtonsta17  saracarterdc well  when he gives defacto amnesty like this his  wall  sure will make a .
 anncoulter so   mexico isnt paying for the wall   where we at on that .
on u s  mexico border  patriot militia vow to patrol until the wall is up .
 cinwall01  feisty fl mexico is going to pay for the wall  that s a big one and not even the beginning.
 erik gour  stlkatydid  repadamschiff you mean like  i didnt payoff those women  i have nothing to do with russ .
so white people  after having been conned about the wall  about mexico paying for it  about trump being a great dea .
 javace7  repmarkmeadows 1  conman might be a touch harsh but definitely a salesman  as a member of his base i don .
 sciencehoffman  thehill what else could the result of trump s actions         wall paid for by mexico scam blow up   3 s .
 b0b b3ar  blazetv you know that wall should be built on the upper side of california   let s give it back to mexic .
 therickwilson  huffpostpol remember when he said mexico would pay for that wall .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump  ajitpaifcc another lie like mexico is paying for the wall .
how heroin and fentanyl get into philadelphia  and why a border wall likely wouldnt stop them    january 9  2019 .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump did what he said he was going to do  like have mexico pay for the wall  like provi .
 cmarieroser  molly knight  realdonaldtrump transparency is my middle name  i supported wikileaks and russia releas .
9 11 i was physical posted within a radios of 10 miles away inside south bronx watching from rooftop this was stage .
in tijuana  mexico  many migrants in recent caravans  tired of long waits to apply for asylum at ports of entry  ar .
 realdonaldtrump neither will we       remember when  pinocchio  said fixing healthcare was easy  he would eliminate .
 realdonaldtrump is this going to be your 2020 variation on mexico will pay for the wall pitch to your minions .
 realdonaldtrump you failed to secure the    from mexico to build the wall and now you want to blame the dem s for .
 alyssa milano please alyssa  this is actually a solution  kind of      try to enforce border security  dems say no fun .
 gop  realdonaldtrump space force can zoooom away to build the wall that mexico did not pay .
 realdonaldtrump you are failing miserably at the border  mexico is not paying for the wall  it is getting worse at .
 realdonaldtrump have mexico donated a dollar towards your wall     .
i helped make mexico  amp  especially tampico safe for american oil interests in 1914  i helped make haiti and cuba a d .
what does the us mexico border look like  here s one view  nicknamed  the sand dragon  by border patrol agents  thi .
 magagwen if the president is able to go with his plan to move migrants to safe democrat sanctuary cities  we may n .
accords  safe haven closest to home state where un safe host produce biometrics supply work edu health shelter mexi .
 realdonaldtrump great job there  mr   make america great again    way to drop the hammer on those dangerous immigr .
 zidan lianciel you cant let them in at all  build a large us immigration centre at the southern tip of mexico for .
 tondanupadat  goduckgoblazers  lrbitisnot  gocannow  youtube i dont need it to be refreshed  i can remember 2 yea .
recap       i alone can fix it    mexico will pay for the wall   there s a national emergency   i need to play golf   i will .
 cierre   wall street cierra con slidas ganancias y el dow jones sube un 1 03    .
 realdonaldtrump another empty threat   like mexico paying for the wall  shutting down the border  locking her up  .
between fascists like trump and ford  and soon kenney and scheer  in canada  shouldn t  mexico be thinking about bu .
 tribalvibeleath  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  krassenstein sweetie you believe in qacon and the draft dodger who to .
 drmistercody  adamcbest we will build a wall and mexico will pay for it.
 tondanupadat  goduckgoblazers  lrbitisnot  gocannow what happened to mexico paying for the wall .
 taw1116  realdennislynch  zoe samuel  realdonaldtrump how do any trump supporters allow trump to build a wall with .
i m in mazatlan mexico  a very popular tshirt here reads  relax  you re on the fun side of the wall   i  mexico .
 cs00582sc  rickster61x  realdonaldtrump we need to tear down the wall along cali mexico border and build the wall .
and then wall off the  sanctuarycities and then trade them to canada or mexico for a bag of hockey pucks  .
 dwpoker  bens mtg   elantris  if you build a bigger wall i heard mexico is looking to pay for one.
 realdonaldtrump just one more thing how are we supposed to get fruits and vegetables from mexico here in the unite .
 realdonaldtrump you and your troll stephen miller are instructing dhs  amp  subordinate agencies to break the law    and .
 realdonaldtrump i am a democrat  with the border wall up how are we supposed to be getting our fruits  amp  vegetables .
 vance lunn  forrestrichar20  realdonaldtrump he isn t getting shit done  he is hiding his tax returns and the muel .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
if an armed trespasser comes onto your property  there s really very few options to ensure the safety of you and yo .
 tedlieu  sweetlifephoto  realdonaldtrump he pushes the boundaries    next week he will say he didnt say it or it w .
 cheech20101  mexico will pay for the wall   trust me      we will provide a beautiful healthcare plan     i will provi .
 yamilethox girl jus by the tiles on the wall i can tell ur in mexico sskkwkwkdjwk.
 members of the  constitutional  patriots  newmexico  border ops team  militia  viper and stinger who go by aliases .
 katrinapierson  realdonaldtrump didn t california want to secede anyway          let s send them all there and let it .
 housegop 2 trillion in debt in 2 years   government shut down 35 days   farmers losing money   flynn going to jail   mexic .
 amarcherrunge1  thehill you voted for a wall paid for by mexico  that what you were sold   don t expect us to pay .
 tam resist remember when he claimed the he never said mexico would pay for his vanity wall  his rabid base believe .
 realdonaldtrump we cant count on mexico to help stop illegal immigration  theyre just like democrats they dont .
 realdonaldtrump we cant count on mexico to help stop illegal immigration  theyre just like democrats they dont .
 lulucy8  amyklobuchar its easy and no its not the law congress cannot demand it  they act like dictators when th .
 furrylogic9  chrisbe41022381  proud vet af  tommysjusttommy  kokomothegreat  goodneighbor123  kellyannepolls we ca .
 realdonaldtrump another campaign lie   mexico will pay for the wall  i won t touch pre existing conditions  or soc .
 anncoulter mexico isn t paying for the wall either .
 border cheese wall tecate mexico  estadosunidos  artist proyecto  instalacion  cosimocavallaro .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall right now  housing feeding and transporting the migrants .
went to mexico a few weeks ago  saw a bunch of trump t shirts  my favorite   keep calm  you re on the fun side of the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump 100  lies     lies     lies  sort of like  mexico will pay for the wall  i wont raise taxes fo .
 thehill has mexico sent the check for the wall yet      hahahahahaha   .
 vburggraf  ginnylourn  charlesabeyta93  realdonaldtrump beto wants to take down the el paso wall  i don t know abo .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews an old man who have lost all his battles  house of representatives back to demo .
 calbear g  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk  why do you continue trump basica .
 johncardillo built a wall around california and dropped off all the illegals there then give the state back to mex .
 realdonaldtrump then you shut down the government in order to force additional funds for a wall that mexico refuses to pay for .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again   los angeles times .
 paulkrugman bernie sanders  medicare for all reminds me of trump s  build a wall  amp  mexico will pay for it    both .
 isthewholetruth  poochalot1976 still waiting for mexico to cut a check for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump since we can t send these illegal migrants back to mexico  because of our crazy s .
 nbcnews if no wall   there needs to be jail time for anyone coming here illegally  and tough sanctions need be put .
 spockphil  funktakula  just skippy i was referring to the wall on the mexico border  i can beat your exciting tale .
democrats said there s no crisis at the border  refused to build a wall  b c no one is coming in  refused to allow .
 realdonaldtrump democrats said there s no crisis at the border  refused to build a wall b c no one is coming in  r .
 deplorableshow  ryanafournier with trump it s always empty promises  birthright citizenship  absolutely toothless .
 pokemonresrcher  robbin young  potus  realdonaldtrump yes  he lies all the time       1  h2b visas have doubled    2  il .
 chuckcallesto send all illegal immigrants   refugees  liberals  amp  democrats to california  then sell california bac .
perfect way to get mexico to pay for the wall  all detained illegal immigrants age 16 and up are put to work on the .
 vp  repandybiggsaz  senmcsallyaz  dougducey 1  trump said mexico is paying for the wall   is the mexican check in .
 daynutrition  jaketapper hey deplorable     same goes for your hate wall   no one is stopping any of you freaks fr .
trump declares border emergency  testing the limits of presidential authority   los angeles times .
 realdonaldtrump hows it going with mexico paying for the wall like you promised .
my daughter calls  costcocanada mexico and i just want you to know im never building a wall  ilovecostco  momlife.
 repswalwell lolololol  i agree with trump on so many things   but the wall isn t one of them  in an age of attacks .
 realdonaldtrump so your answer to combat illegal immigration is to do as you suspect democrats want   thats your .
he also said mexico would pay for the wall  lmao  derp .
 dallasajackson can we agree that trump lied about mexico paying for the wall  when should we believe trump and how .
 realdonaldtrump just build the wall send them back to mexico    cant you overide    im a  d    but    not stupid    sure hop .
thank god that trump didn t manage to build the great wall around the southern border  so you can sneak into mexico .
hi mr president  i want suggest you that if you want to make a wall on the border with mxico  you better must make .
 presssec i m glad mexico is now working with you  did you get the check for the wall yet .
 sxdoc make mexico pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump this man is completely unhinged  the democrats are against your broken promise of mexico paying fo .
 sxdoc  caliicoder3  mexico will pay for the wall        he never said they d be writing a a check .
 atrupar he just said when the very bad criminals get through  ice     in long island are doing a very good job  lo .
 mccallum4mayor creating a new municipal police force is what  potus trying to build a wall in mexico  .
 jamiedupree just saying    we cant even house    or   feed our   homeless or vets that fought for our country    send them b .
 xbenjamminx  realdonaldtrump lmao  yeah trump knew all along that mexico wouldnt pay for the wall   so he had to .
 dallasajackson doesnt change a thing  need to address immigration reform policy  wall wont solve it  tent cities .
 repmattgaetz  potus i will build a beautiful wall    mexico will pay for it    i know nothing about wiki leaks    i know .
trump is destroying democracy  amp  our way of life  he obstructs justice  he has people lie for him  protect him by fu .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 fairimmigration great lets declare war on mexico  amp  central america all the way to panama drive them to other side .
 vincelauro  anncoulter you failed the i q  test  same one you failed when you believed mexico was going to pay for .
 h12gue  telegraph  realdonaldtrump hasnt got mexico to pay for the wall he hasnt built  cut taxes for the elite .
 noahpinion the same poll in which he cherry picks a figure about a quarter of hispanics supporting the wall has th .
weekend connections  the economic impact of a wall along the u s  mexico border  what caused the water crisis in fl .
 justthinking014  realdonaldtrump i bet donald s  we need a wall at the mexico  border arrest numbers are all borde .
the wall is more than just a single physical barrier on the southern us border with mexico  it is an integrated .
so youre saying that all of  realdonaldtrumps bluffs have failed  that would be true    mexico will pay for the wa .
 realdonaldtrump why dont we tax remittances back to mexico and south america  tax it 30 percent  democrsts like ta .
 ingrahamangle  hmm what a coincidence it seems as if the u s  is going through amerexit with president trump tryin .
just declare mexico a sanctuary  country  and ship all the illegals down there       and build the wall  of course .
 katrinapierson  realdonaldtrump yes  then build the wall to separate commiefornia and mexico from the u s .
 orly 1964  realdonaldtrump oh yeah  and     where s that wall you were gonna have mexico build for ya  and that be .
 alyxknapp  caliicoder3 the wall needs to go from the gulf of mexico up around california and let republicans out .
being against the border wall does not mean  for  open borders  it means we have technology to introduce better bor .
mexico has now paid 1 billion dollars towards building the wall just as  realdonaldtrump promised  nevermind  that .
 realdonaldtrump mexico has now paid 1 billion dollars towards building the wall just as  realdonaldtrump promised  .
 anncoulter i ll betcha that lil  feller could easily acrobat over trump s  5 5b wall that mxico was supposed to pay for        .
 realdonaldtrump return what state sunidos the quito to mexico and if you were going to put the wall well the wall .
 realdonaldtrump i m sure you ll do that right after you close the border and mexico pays for the wall  numnuts .
 realdrgina why not add climate change isn t climate change  mexico is paying for the wall etc to this list too .
 rondabl13  amyklobuchar it is if congress requests it  why the big deal with showing them  trump said he would rel .
 futureashes  libertarian247  nbcnews he didnt lie about mexico paying for the wall        surely you did not believe .
peace  stability and pragmatism  a brief history of us mexico relations historyextra    usmexico  foreignpolicy        .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  keep your promise and get those pesos rolling in    great negotiatin .
 realdonaldtrump you re supposed to be sending them back to mexico  don t you get it  they do not care   only want .
 rocket rosie  realdonaldtrump just released  mexico is paying for a border wall    correction  border walmart    shove .
 mistertwyst  seanhannity what i m getting at is trump is only saying there s a crisis  so that he can build a usel .
 realjameswoods whatever happened to were building a wall and mexico is paying for it   he had the house and the .
 spinning will  uscitizenpod  slate  i m blaming trump for being a lying ass con artist bigot  his separation poli .
 coinpromark  realdonaldtrump wait a minute  theres a crane on the other side of the wall  how can that be unless .
also  30 billion dollars annually being sent  mostly by illegals to mexico etc  without paying taxes  that money sh .
 monaheart1229 his promises are lies  why listen to them at all  we know what he has done   all we can do is remind .
beto o dork says he will take down all border walls if he is elected president  zero chance of that   i suggest tha .
build the wall  put the military on the entire border  do not let them trespass into america  if mexico let those p .
 tomilahren vote for me and i will make mexico pay for the wall  i promise  and hillary for prison  and i will defeat isis .
 laissez claire  libertarian247  nbcnews he lied about mexico paying for the wall  he has told over 9000 lies  day .
wake up america    the war on drugs is a lost cause  however  we can stop the flow of narcotics crossing our border .
 charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump yes  he has done everything short of building a wall and getting mexico to pay for it .
also congrats to the reds for finally figuring out how to draw more than 7000 fans to an home game  climb the wall and play in mexico .
 mediaite  anncoulter the ego wall mexico was paying for .
plz stop playing cutesy  amp  send them back  send them back  maybe also build a wall  amp  have mexico pay for it  .
 bulldogdigs  gregabbott tx as for mexico paying for the wall   trump said they would pay 1 way or another    and t .
 focuscheryl potus uses the propaganda of war and fear when it comes to migration from the american mexico border  .
 thehill what scam is talking about       is it mexico will pay for his wall    is it crushing the national debt in the f .
brilliant    trump can tell pelosi   i give up nancy   you win    we ll tear down the ca mexico wall and build  bri .
 breaking911 mmga mexico needs to build a southern wall .
 jenschweigert  farmchicjodi oh the wind  its just normal in nebraska       the cold  im so done with it  im go .
 realdonaldtrump close down the border  mexico is helping illegals gain access to the us  shut them down now  its .
 msnbc  nbcnews then let get san francisco sum to     let s give mexico shitafornia back and wall it off for all of mexico .
 oeian  dofo s  transit  plan  looks like it was drawn on a napkin  and is not even fully funded  this is in the sa .
 kfox14 send them all there then and build a wall around new mexico.
 don t buckle president trump              president trump  it has been years now sir and one of the main reasons i and .
 huffpost trump  we need a wall  we need sanctions  we need more immigration officials  we need help from mexico  t .
 aprful88  realdonaldtrump  echothecat  pugnation5 so  he wants to give the illegals a free lift from the border fu .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse wait  didnt trump say he doesnt do catch and release  of course  he said mexico wo .
 realdonaldtrump you failed to build a wall paid by mexico  you failed to repeal replace obamacare  you lied when y .
 realdonaldtrump trump deals after 27 months       mexico wallno   the e u no   chinano   iranno   n k no   tradeno   healthc .
 repbarbaralee ok    tear down the wall on your southern border  open it up  enjoy       i d be willing to hand over ca .
two days in a row i ve received calls from monterrey  mexico  i m told the wall wouldn t prevent that .
 realdonaldtrump hey  maybe you could get mexico to build a wall around the sanctuary cities as well   because that .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews he backtracked his statement on spying and no were not reeling in disarray   ho .
 222t  kevin d jones  sethamandel idiocy is believing mexico would pay for his wall.
 atrupar  wikileaks almost as many times as when he promised mexico will pay for his stupid wall  today  his is so .
 mediasesin   wall street sigue en verde a media sesin y el dow jones sube un 0 97     .
 wthrcom i think this can be chalked up there with mexico is going to pay for the wall repeal and replace talk  t .
 obamamalik when mexico sends the check build the fucking wall.
 velshiruhle bad food  broken down trucks  what its like to be a u s  soldier on the mexico border .
bad food  broken down trucks  what its like to be a u s  soldier on the mexico border .
 francoise0660  paul vandermeer unlike how mexico is paying for the wall .
trump should  ok nancy   i give up  you win     we ll tear down that inhumane wall at ca mexico border and build br .
 realdonaldtrump did you get mexico to pay for your vanity wall yet   i mean  you did promise this while you were r .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 realdonaldtrump so youre not fulfilling your campaign promise by making mexico pay for a wall  feels a little lik .
 realdonaldtrump let s tear down  the inhumane wall between ca mexico and build bridges to sanctuary cities     ok .
ok nancy     you win  well tear down the inhumane wall between ca  amp  mexico and build  bridges to sanctuary cities    .
 the abby mills  maziehirono hey abby  havent talked in awhile  theres a better place to keep them its called me .
 realdonaldtrump 1  send them all to california    2  put california on the same side of the wall as mexico    problem solved .
 cnn quit worrying mexico will pay for the wall .
 xbenjamminx  realdonaldtrump trump couldn t spell  4d chess   let alone play it  this is the same idiot who was go .
 washingtonpost move them to cities  closing the border  locking up children   shutting the government down   mexic .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse quit worrying mexico will pay for the wall .
 cher cher love you so much   but your missing trumps point the point that we do not want criminals from mexico in .
 pauliannuzzelli  mikeyj4460  ronocreview  anncoulter  anntensity  gop mexico is paying for the wall    can you ple .
 realdonaldtrump why doesn t mexico pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse  vp  fbi  abcnews  cbsnews  putin  bbc  mwlorg en  dnc  gop  txag  russia .
if you think we shouldnt build a wall and reform entry into our country  then step up and volunteer to take in som .
 realdonaldtrump soo    youre going to have an open border  ya gonna have mexico pay for a wall around said cities .
 nickmiroff  rachaelmbade seems like bringing them to friendly territory makes the most sense  id rather slingshot .
 realdonaldtrump democrats are ready to build the wall       as soon as you keep your promise and get mexico to pay .
 loserinchief  mikeyj4460  ronocreview  anncoulter  anntensity  gop mexico is paying for the wall  that alone gives .
 realdonaldtrump for the love of god  is there anyone as lawless  amp  infantile as you   you promised mexico will pay .
 al natanagara build the wall  after luring trump and his supporters to the other side  on other hand  would be a n .
 realdonaldtrump this is a lie  democrats do not want open borders  oh only want to waste money on a border all  yo .
did you hear militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
 realdonaldtrump your a low life human being using woman and children as pawns for your bull sh t useless wall that .
 realdonaldtrump just another political lie  you failed on mexico paying for the wall and replace obamacare  trying .
 dhinton80  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  foxandfriends mexico did not pay for that wall      i .
 jfinamo  supershaun16  jakesaunders88  ap politics lmao you have a choice of where your taxes go  once mexico pays .
 tfedoruk  realdonaldtrump where is  mexico is going to pay for a wall       .
 realdonaldtrump go right ahead you bloated treasonous grifter  of course the courts will stop you  again  how is g .
 realdonaldtrump just throw them all in california   tear down the wall between california and mexico and let them .
as true in 2019 as it was in 1849 when the bankers invaded and annexed part of mexico  then installed a puppet regi .
 4evernevertrump  realdonaldtrump democrats last week  i disagree with trump building a wall      democrats today  i di .
 brithume just to clarify  does he love wikileak or has he never heard of them  it seems like it can t be both does .
 patriot7231  realchadcakin  obamamalik but you can t close a wall from only one side  it works both ways  sure its .
 realdonaldtrump let s send the invasion back to mexico  or home  and electrify the wall we have  use the army  let .
 usbpchief trump s mexico wall would be a gift to the drug cartels  .
 realdonaldtrump why don t we just build a wall all the wall all the way up to or  amp  cross ca off the usa map  let t .
 kellylayne10  ericswalwell mexico is not paying for wall  he hired not the best people but criminals  trumps tax .
if they do build a wall between the usa mexico  i hope they call it the new world border and  hulkhogan gets to tag .
 realdonaldtrump so to  maga you plan on releasing  as you call them  animals  into american population  while mexi .
 jackreggie123  dougp1480  msnbc  chrislhayes mental gymnastics  you mean like them promising to show their taxes  .
 toolofparanoia  nickmiroff  rachaelmbade enticing illegal immigration by refusal to fund the border wall  striking .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  repdougcollins i am still waiting on the wall mexico will pay for  tax cuts for everyda .
 realdonaldtrump twice as many companies paid no federal taxes in 2018  these companies made billions in profits  t .
i will recoment all the fake coin suporter    get out of the boat before is to late    your soul will burn in hell any .
 atrupar he s always right         did mexico pay for the wall and i missed it    where is this new health care bill    did .
 realdonaldtrump legislators in both parties and all americans know that digraced failing president dtrump wasted o .
 realdonaldtrump can you stop branding the opposition as your enemy and try working with them instead  that has bee .
 19 timbo  carrienbcnews per dotard drumph       puerto rico got  91b for the hurricane    58 000 non citizens voted in .
i thought they were dangerous    so that doesn t matter anymore    sounds like you re pissed be cause you got caught ly .
 iancorona  realdonaldtrump or for mexico to pay for a fucking wall.
 therealcornett  sharneal  realdonaldtrump and that s how we get mexico to pay for the wall   we spend  6 billion p .
 wayne brews sorry  what he claims to be new wall  i made the mistake of believing the president      .
a local chinese restaurant is shut down after a huge human trafficking investigation       one of the comments on the f .
 realdonaldtrump its still not a criminal offence  to scale the wall  on the mexican side  no mexico law  and your .
the problem al the border is incompetent governments in central american countries  and mexico reluctancy to stop c .
 woodcat0214  glass animalz  nolatink  stevescalise  realdonaldtrump republicans will lose in their fake socialism .
next step will be purchasing a wall for the mexico border  because if we dont want to secure our border    easy fi .
an unnecessary  borderwall with  mexico could cost  virginia up to  493m in  military projects   trump wants to div .
 misterrightwing  fivethirtyeight obama delivered obamacare  which is now extremely popular and impossible for the .
 thereallion  nbcchicago right  and im educating you on how easily a prosecutor can sweep that argument aside  the .
tras la presentacin de disney   las acciones de walt disney llegaron a dispararse 12 3   tocando un rcord de 130  .
 gopleader the dems shouldnt pass a budget  the gop has been running a record high deficit since they took office  .
 pauldauenhauer  fivethirtyeight structured around building a wall  period       mexico will pay for the wall    wasn .
 potus  realdonaldtrump hey donnie boy  what s that wall for again  keep mexico safe  .
 opindia com  mamataofficial should write down mexico style wall to be built around west bangladesh in your manifesto .
fu  the democrats are working hard for their constituents to rid this country of a parasite like you  not giving in .
 realdonaldtrump make up your mind  do democrats hate the jewish race  are democrats treasonous  do you know about .
yes we can see the wall  no we are not crossing it  just came for a visit and a  cpr class   wall  border  mexico .
these white mother fuckers poke their filthy nose into other s ass while playing blind to their home grown racist d .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump three years  amp   gop  realdonaldtrump  potus still hasnt gotten mexico to pay for the .
 misterrightwing  fivethirtyeight uhhhh     his main promise was the mexico would pay for a wall   his whole campai .
 housegop  2 trillion dollars in debt within 2 years   government was shut down for 35 days over a wall that mexico w .
setup minefields on the border or make the wall in chiapas mexico its smaller than the us border and we mexican s a .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 misterrightwing  fivethirtyeight  mexico will pay for the wall    trump       you cannot get out of this lie.
 mistyharley  gma  jonkarl what are you not understanding  if they want asylum they are supposed to get it in the f .
 reuters is mexico paying for the wall included   releasethefullmuellerreportnow.
 pauldauenhauer  fivethirtyeight thats actually incorrect  the promise was to build a wall and curb illegal immigr .
hmmm  wall off mexico to stop migrants or medication  .
 vp  dougducey  cbp so   mexico not paying for the wall  im beginning to think trump is a liar .
 dailycaller yet he wants to take     allocated for military for his  mexico will pay  wall  also   from s s  medicaid .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
 misterrightwing  fivethirtyeight  mexico will pay for the wall    that was his key promise   how is that going .
 3rzack  direct234567  dankostew  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump like the wall mexico is paying for  you got conned .
the wall was not my issue  socialism  precommunism  vs capitalism  iran vs israel  pro life vs abortion extremism  .
 realchadcakin  patriot7231  obamamalik don t be so sure  after all  maga is all about making america great again  .
 abc build the wall from shreveport to el paso give texas and its infrastructure back to mexico.
promises made   promises broken    1  mexico will pay for the wall    2  i will not cut medicaid medicare and social secu .
this is an excellent idea and i wouldnt back down  they should have approved the money for the wall  maybe we shou .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  sencorygardner  speakerpelosi  sencorygardner  repkinzinger .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews what have you won  north korea  russia  health care  the wall mexico is paying .
 write sense  housegop  senategop  gop  gopleader mexico would already be paying for the wall if it was built when .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico would just pay for that damn wall  lets shut down the border and boycott tacos  .
so we deal with quite a bit of information  some true  some false  always be prepared  these are the facts    1 wall .
 realdonaldtrump democrats are on the run with barr s  spying  statement  they need some sort of victory  let it be .
 stacyontheright  usatoday better yet   i heard a guy on rush say we should do what libs want and tear down the wal .
a quinnipiac poll found that 54  of blks  amp  55  of lats believe illegals crossing the mexico border is a major probl .
 realdonaldtrump no wall        enhanced manpower  training  surveillance equipment  technology  open dialogue with mex .
wildlife needs to be able to come back and forth from mexico to the u s a   stop trump from building a ridiculous w .
fuck trump tshirts everywhere at all the shops puerto vallarta mexico  i brought 30 build that wall decals and have .
a sad and pathetic fence in the middle of nowhere  not even fencing mexico  since it is us soil   on both sides  it .
a woefully misleading piece  us asylum system isn t  overwhelmed   it is starved by the same administration that wa .
why trumps wall could be devastating for wildlife on the mexico border .
democrats have always been for strong border security  along with majority of americans they just don t support you .
 realedmonda  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump works for trump maybe i should run president    my dad was born in germany .
 vp i bet nancy could get mexico to pay for the wall .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 angelusmendez  urbetsyjean  antonioparis  aoc  potus  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse the wall will be built  is mexic .
 realdonaldtrump i remember you saying how much you loved wikileaks and assange about a hundred times  and ditto fo .
 realdonaldtrump you caused the crisis   you had both houses of congress and they wanted nothing to do with it   me .
 li republican he isnt     mexico isnt paying for the wall     the national debt isnt going down     isis isnt defeat .
 repmattgaetz references    havent there been some indictments       are you trying to let people know that in your head .
 rachaelmbade  speakerpelosi  nickmiroff trump should just remove the wall from southern california and let everybo .
 roadie374  cnn  jimsciutto didnt he promise mexico would pay for the wall  trump  also said gop had a healthcare .
 realdonaldtrump you promised mexico would pay for the wall  hows that going .
 realdonaldtrump the problem is incompetent governments in those central american countries  and mexico reluctance .
 bootz adams  worandthatd  faihad  trumpsugar  annie adeie  danieidean  bullitt76  gorillastyle  deplorablenew .
the questions are hurting your unrevealed conflicts of the media  no collusion  coordination or a wall  mexico  which has.
 angelusmendez  urbetsyjean  antonioparis  aoc  potus  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse  potus  liarinchief .
lowest unemployment ever  nth korea without nukes  venezuela with a dictatorship  end of the obamacare  the end of .
 r schmidtke explains how addressing asylum applications  more secure ports of entry  and investing in technology a .
 hiccup1dt  arthurschwartz  realdonaldtrump  tedlieu a little effort would have shown you that trump makes himself .
 brandikruse  wagop and trump said mexico would pay for his wall  but it s okay when he lies many times a day  .
 krassenstein trump dome   maybe he can force canada to pay for their shared side like he made mexico pay for his w .
 greenrupertread the clock ticks   what are the real intentions behind clexit  why does dona .
and he promised to release his taxes if he was elected  that mexico would pay for the wall  that he would provide m .
 realdonaldtrump hey to pay for the wall  why don t you charge a fee for every transaction from the u s  to mexico .
started off mexico city with a sweet cactus wall   mexico  mexicocity  ciudaddemexico  df  travel  wanderlust .
build the wall and start dealing with all the money that we pent in mexico hondurus etc and then tell them there wi .
 charlesmblow i hope he claims down so hard on illegal immigrants that not one can come in illegally and one more t .
 realjameswoods  gavinnewsom lets put all illegals in cali and build the wall around it  and lets give it back to mexico .
 seriouslyfit  paul vandermeer  realdonaldtrump then there s the  goptaxscam   the rich got richer  including the t .
 edkrassen can u imagine if he was mexican  he would probably send more military troops to the border  fire tear ga .
 realdonaldtrump drones fly over walls  border security patrol showed you the dozens of tunnels dug from mexico to .
 realdonaldtrump  repdougcollins why don t you stop wasting out time and money with this wall that  mexico is suppo .
 jeffkrueger5  senwarren  secnielsen oh  but a wall to protect americans from crime and gang violence originating from mexico   .
 sabramom  cloudydays1971  senategop  senjohnbarrasso  americanewsroom  sensanders  senatedems stop they want to ex .
the  president  knew that 5th avenue was close to park avenue but he had no idea there were hundreds if not thousan .
 loudobbs  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump they have always ran mexico     remember the politicians who just got killed in .
 realdonaldtrump stuff the 9th circuit make mexico pay build the wall.
 no to everything until wall funding is available  no to hr 1  amp  no to hr 7  amp  no to every oth .
 always dfs  cnn america s immigration system was fine  immigrants were shook enough to know obama don t play that  .
 realdonaldtrump u mitch lindsey barr go to southern border  amp  meet the un  amp  icc to investigate your humanitarian cr .
 realdonaldtrump  washingtonpost mr  president   if and when the bad guys   aka dems  gain control again  i will prob .
trump wall  to stop us criminals running and hiding in mexico  .
 realdonaldtrump we can t afford a wall  mexico won t pay for it like you promised   amp  it s not happening  clown .
 jlms24792106  carrienbcnews we were also promised a wall that mexico would pay for  oh and trump promised to fix t .
 babajidefadoju let us cry to donald to help us mount such as mexico wall lol.
 catcherjb  how about you  lend  me the money to build a wall  then later on  mexico will  definitely  pay you back .
 flashbackfriday 2016 trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
ever wondered why a president trump has not won any negotiation including with mexico to pay for the wall   his neg .
 realdonaldtrump when did they say that   and nobody thinks your wall   the one mexico is going to pay for  will do any good.
 aeg0717  msnbc  heidinbc a trump supporter looking for facts  i am definitely game  let s start with mexico paying .
 deplorablekael  realdonaldtrump that deal has not been ratified and by all indications will not be ratified by con .
 mikeyj4460  pauliannuzzelli  ronocreview  anncoulter  anntensity wait    are there  not  children in cages  did me .
 danmicovic  realdonaldtrump apparently you arent aware of the deal we signed with mexico in which they pay us way .
the delegation of afghanistan attacks the delegation of the usa  asking if it was a joke saying that mexico will p .
by john r  platt how will trump s border wall affect wildlife in the u s  and mexico  as i discussed recently on th .
a coalition of 16 states led by california  launched legal action against the trump adm after the president declare .
 ivankatrump great    will mexico now fund the wall as trump promised hundreds of times  they would     or was that just another lie .
 realdonaldtrump  repdougcollins you should stop wasting our time and talk to mexico about the money for the wall .
 ecosoc   usa says it can pay for the wall by itself and their request to mexico to pay for it was just a joke  .
 jackhof31210566  hunterlaura  rick priddy  cameronyo  alanballinger  markdice  senschumer and you believed mexico .
 hiccup1dt can you tell me the legal age to buy milk  and when does mexico pay for the wall  oh and why did trump j .
 gopchairwoman if you moved to mexico i d help build a wall with my own two hands .
 realdonaldtrump you couldn t get mexico to fund your wall  100    even after taking 17k kids hostage for leverage  .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
militias along with military under  harder roe    .
many visitors to  bigbendnps cross the rio grande to explore the chihuahuan desert in mexico  a border wall would e .
as someone who actually lives on the us border  has anyone else noticed all the cement trucks helping build the .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse  fbi  nbcnews  cbsnews  putin  bbc  mwlorg en  dnc  gop  fluor  txag  ukparliament .
 gopchairwoman the so called demo crats won t cooperate  what you should do  demo lish their plans  close the borde .
 gopleader what exactly did the gop do while they had full control for 2 years  pass a taxscam that middle america .
2016  i love wikileaks   2019  wikileaks is not my thing   2016  i will release my taxes   2019  i will not release my ta .
trump send pacification agents and armed support to help mexico with their southern border crisis  and build the wa .
 anxiousadvisor i think he s waiting on mexico to pay for the wall  has that happened yet .
 senatemajldr wheres the big middle class tax cut  why is the deficit so high  whens mexico paying for the wall  .
 apertura   wall street abre con ganancias y el dow jones sube un 0 88     .
 joe vu nun  joesquawk  freebeacon i actually never said that  i don t think things happen immediately  let me just .
 realdonaldtrump i also remember you saying that mexico will pay for your wall  whats up with that .
bad food  broken down trucks  what its like to be a u s  soldier on the mexico border .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  lindseygrahamsc  foxandfriends so wow you read it  can you give us more than a 4 page repo .
 gracebarkerkag  rickroot714  adamschiff border wall that mexico was going 2 pay 4  tax reform  job but pay stays .
 vp  cbp why has illegal immigration gone up since trump and you have taken office  you two have the worst ideas  w .
they have always been a pawn since he said to his base that mexico will pay for his wall    lie   1    9000   more each .
 ktla isnt that what sanctuary cities are for  i dont see a problem here  actually isnt california a sanctuary s .
 paulleeticks and he never said mexico would pay for the wall .
mexico braces itself for trump presidency as wall starts to go up  trump is already making m .
in tijuana  mexico  hundreds of refugees gather each day before sunrise within sight of the wall       they re all seek .
 dontatmebehappy you seem angry and bitter over this mexico wall thing   lmao.
 soccernut43 mexico is paying for the wall  youre just too stupid to figure out how  now back to those annoying li .
 repmarkgreen trump promised he would reduce the deficit  give us better  cheaper healthcare and mexico would pay f .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
las acciones en chevron caan un 4  antes de la apertura de las operaciones en wall street  ya que los inversionist .
 dontatmebehappy stull no comment on mexico paying for the wall  doesn t fit your narrative  sad .
 josh07867243 mexico is paying for the wall .
 gotabayar why don t you stay back in the us in order to help trump administration to build the us mexico wall.
trump send us forces to help mexico on their southern border and send pacification agents as well  follow israel ex .
 stevenramirez82  ktla youre a racist steven  these are asylum seekers  they just want a better life  and do the j .
 ivankatrump which mexico out of the three    oh while your there   are they going to pay for your wall like your father said 2500 times .
 realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  foxandfriends can you just stop with all this and get back to what you built you .
 joe vu nun  joesquawk  freebeacon follow through with campaign promises   thats a riot  glad we have that beaut .
 ranttmedia has anyone ever tried playing back tapes of 2016 trump to trump today just to see what happens  from me .
 dailycaller  realdonaldtrump who cares  trump is the worst president ever  whens mexico paying for the wall .
the usa  were building a wall to limit transnational crimes     mexico  .
 realdonaldtrump i sure do  and you claimed  repeatedly that mexico was going to pay for your big  beautiful wall .
gonna build an army knife with a wall feature that mexico will pay for  .
 atrupar  laraleatrump is as dumb as her husband   hes always right   like about windmill noise cancer   obamas b .
the plaintiffs  which include michigan as well as border states new mexico and california  claim the redirection of .
 marcorubio solve  thought that was all taken care of  mexico is buying the wall right .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump deficit going up   gas prices on the rise   how s it going with mexico paying for that w .
 kynigos  wait  didnt trump run on illegal immigration and wanted to build a wall and have mexico pay for it  but .
question  which among the following has authorized the transfer of fund worth   1 billion for the us mexico border .
pic of our new wall   southern border  ship a crate to mexico  why not  oh because the banditos will trick the truc .
time for ny and ca to be traded to mexico for a big  beautiful wall  .
 vp  vp if mexico pays for it like you amongst others predicted they would  then dems should focus on what the amer .
two trump administration immigration priorities  one court imposed the other the campaign s rallying cry  reuniting .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump wow   for 2 years the  gop controlled the whole congress         did you do immigration .
 briankolfage  johnpdca  ryanafournier  ingrahamangle  kag4all  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump  realjameswoods .
 spinning will  uscitizenpod  slate close the border   separate and cage children from their families   send the mi .
 donaldjtrumpjr  cnn like we had proof your dad said grab women by the p  fake news wall will be paid by mexico fak .
 thehill he also said mexico  was going to pay for the wall .
 dontatmebehappy just like your no comment on if mexico is paying for the wall  smoke and mirrors is all you ve got .
 realdonaldtrump   1  i dont know david duke  amp  white supremacy   2  mexico will pay for the big beautiful wall w conce .
i m retweeting this because it s up there with  i never said mexico was going to write a check for the wall   and a .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until wall isup  .
 realdonaldtrump    trumps immigration policy has gone to a new low    djt is using immigrants by sending them to sanc .
 danvickery123  repmarkmeadows is he a good conman  certainly  he has convinced his base that mexico is still payin .
trump said that mexico was gonna pay for the wall   the media mocked him   he was wrong      trump said that climate change .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 stevescalise  housegop  realdonaldtrump trump  failed to get mexico to pay for wall    failed to get healthcare for .
don t be racist  be like a panda  they are white  black and asian  the   i will build a great great wall on our sou .
 pauliannuzzelli  ronocreview  anncoulter  anntensity cage children  lie to america that mexico was paying for a wa .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz promises kept   1 mexico will pa .
build the wall mexico needs to deploy marijuana musical instruments and army national guard and the us should go he .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz up is down       disapproval is app .
some people have mush for brains  all the way back to bush people were being separated ftom their children and the .
 30morningstar  votenonra  stevescalise  realdonaldtrump those of us not brainwashed can see it is true   gop for 2 .
donald trump said he would make mexico build a wall  how about a park .
 tbamaslamma  cnn  mexico will pay for the wall  100        trump quoted  many  many  many  times.
 goodfellabrent  cnnbrk like mexico is going to pay for trump s wall  trump was going to release his taxes  trump s .
 kim holsapple  petehegseth  fundthatwall hey kim when is  mexico going to pay for the wall .
 mike pence yes  a crisis concocted by our liar in chief and his desire to build his ego wall that he said over and .
 kennrweeks  cspanwj  housedemocrats  senatedems  usnavy what health care    melania trump s parents are here from  c .
a world in which trump spent as much time and money on processing centers for migrant families as he spent on a wal .
you want  8 billion from taxpayers for a wall you promised mexico would pay for .
 maggienyt  cillizzacnn i don t know if this article is true but i do somehow find it believable   i think it s str .
 jat1020  kathy63323253 if he did that we wouldn t need a wall  they would all go back to mexico on their own .
trump administration wanted to release immigrants detained at the us   mexico border into sanctuary cities to retal .
for the  canada    usa  border wall    send a quote to  mexico  since they are paying for it  lol .
 maryjoh94445574  lynae loyalty  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump biggest lie        mexico will pay for the wall   .
 realdonaldtrump if you hadn t given all of our general fund and future tax donations to the wealthy  we d have  2 .
they can do whatever they want to us  as long as we get a wall betwixt us and mexico  those hoards rushing the bord .
 danzarrow  nj1015 also heard mexico is paying for the wall  please confirm.
remember when ca  gov  told trump to f o  he wasn t sending back shit    damn just like mexico saud on building wal .
 border  tecate  mexico  unitedstates  cheese  wall artist  installation  going  back  down  expand  wall proyect .
 gingernunya  leannrehm from a strong leader to a dictator  people after hurricane michael are living in tents  whi .
 realdonaldtrump hey  i know       let s build a wall for a ridiculous amount of money  even though we can t afford tha .
the migrants would be released onto the streets  potentially sending a message to the democratic politicians who o .
 cspanwj mexico wall payment    check is in the mail .
the word  coward  comes to mind as  realdonaldtrump distances himself from wiki  hillary was never going to jail ju .
 realdonaldtrump  gop  thedemocrats  msnbc   promises made  not kept   mexico paying for wall  tariffs are good  pric .
ron english is building a  welcome wall  on the us mexico border  smartnews  .
the wall    newyork  newyorkcity  bushwick  streetart  brooklyn  trump  mexico  thewall  immigration  refugees .
the dumbass judge plainly said that mexico was dangerous  perfect reason to build a wall and protect americans  .
 navyjax2  trishwalker163  rabidcop109  repmarkmeadows yes he did    as early as august 2015  his campaign website s .
 artist ma.
 realdonaldtrump but we have enough money to build a wall and have  mexico  pay for it                the us tax payers are mexico.
 realdonaldtrump donald trump wants to build a wall and tet mexico to pay for it but cant even get his own people .
and somehow  hes still a hero to some people in this country       hey when is mexico going to pay for that wall again .
coal mines opened  companies returned from abroad  real tax reform for ordinary folk  nukes dismantled  taxes shown .
sounds lije something i heard and  hear  on a regular basis  eh   realdonaldtrump a wall here and mexico shall pay .
that is a terrible idea  to punish the american people in those cities who were not to blame for democrat signature .
 charliekirk11 he said the wall would be paid for by mexico  by the way that was a lie  so i tell you what check in .
ben hur creator foretold new mexicos money woes   wall street journal .
i am the reason why mexico needs a wall  this is why people voted for me  sad .
this plays right into his demands about building a wall on the u s  mexico border and his nativist immigration plans   jonathan metzl.
 nautilucy  barrycockeram1  whitehouse  barackobama and mexico is going to pay for a wall  which by the way  has already been built  .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 nickebert5  anncoulter it was a main plank promise of his election campaign  mexico will pay for the wall  ameri .
 nickebert5  anncoulter do you think mexico is going to pay for a wall through nafta 2  .
   and how about the caravans attacking our helpless border troops in areas lacking trumps 30 high concrete beauti .
 chunkled he also never said mexico would pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  potus the federal government shut down after president trump torpedoed a bipartisan spending deal .
your republican boss lied to all american people  democrat or republican s it doesn t matter  trump told us mexico .
 ericswalwell that being said  most of the military probably understands that a wall is going to do  pretty much di .
 ranttmedia most trump puppets dont care what hes says  like not knowing putin  or mexico will pay for the wall  .
 kaushikcbasu then why don t you demand potus to stop building wall along mexico border .
 nickmiroff  mikandynothem  rachaelmbade i believe that is a great idea   take them where they are wanted   heck  s .
 rover323233  gop it s been over 2 years  are you not tired of this excuses     trump guaranteed you he d build a wal .
rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch  though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money .
rt carnelld  rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch  though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to .
rt carnelld  rt judicialwatch  though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fu .
rt judicialwatch  though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much nee .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum you mean he finally got mexico to pay for his wall  th .
 realdonaldtrump hey  congratulations on getting mexico to pay for your wall  that s one more campaign promise ticked off your list .
 realdonaldtrump have you gotten mexico to pay for your wall yet  that was one of your biggest campaign promises .
trump appears to have only just learned how big texas is .
 gop  pawtrixcove  senatemajldr past time for many           .
drank a bottle of chardonnay and for some reason that made the tequila sound like a really good idea  i blame mexic .
der reisefhrer zu den ruinenstdten der maya  gt  gt  gt    wall  mexico .
 realdonaldtrump  potus get 2 trillion from mexico and build your wall all the way around mar a lago and trump tower.
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump like mexico will pay for the wall  have you no conscience at all  you are no vp  you a .
once there  the migrants would be released onto the streets  potentially sending a message to the democratic polit .
beyond my comprehension why no 2020 platform involves the utilitarian position of building thousands of tunnels und .
 infinite 1404  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump       yeah  i sincerely believe that he .
 once there  the migrants would be released onto the streets  potentially sending a message to the democratic poli .
wasnt my idea to build walli my latino friends  amp loved singing in mexico i went 2 frida kahlos house  it was a dream of mine.
south western city schools pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed.
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz i seem to recall him promising .
 realdonaldtrump so mexico is paying for the wall  or is that still a lie .
 jenniferjjacobs  realdonaldtrump  more than people think   then tell us  the people of  usa  since we have a right .
 senblumenthal why are ppl so stupid to follow this oligarch  during his campaign he repeatedly said he would turn .
paywall in news sites is a more serious issue to me than the planned wall between the u s  and mexico     english    tweetinenglish.
 fairimmigration oh  you mean the wall that mexico was supposed to pay for   the one that taxpayers will now pay for    that wall .
while president  trump was making serious efforts to build a wall along the u s mexico border this year  we were .
 randpaul  realdonaldtrump unfortunately trump has shown the swamp he is willing to play ball  adopting former bank .
 chuckgrassley mexico is paying for the wall credibility .
  racism is man s gravest theat to man  the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason      abraham josua hesche the .
 annettetilch  realdonaldtrump i found this article  .
for  249 i can fly from mexico city to toronto   do we nee a canadian wall then as well  walls create hate and don t prevent terrorism .
 realdonaldtrump actually you were saying that you were gonna build a wall and mexico is going to pay for it    how d that turn out fat boy .
 realdonaldtrump mexico ain t paying for the wall a  wipe .
 rezuvevo  vgdunkey no  mexico is the hero  cause the wall is a villain.
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews winning  mexico didn t pay for your wall  you have zero ideas for affordable he .
 lane lawless  tedfrank  baseballcrank there is absolutely strong push back from gop on trump  notice there isnt a .
please use your commander in chief powers to stop the invasion and build the wall  you don t need a state of emerge .
 cacoreyu right  so the 1 thing that changed was trump  his focus on a wall despite being told its a ridiculous and .
if it was mexico who wanted the wall up america would have no hope against it  mexicans helped build dam near one t .
why trump s wall won t stop music at the u s mexico border   direct from with dena takruri   aj  .
 truthmotiv8  cnn biggest lie of all  that mexico is gonna pay for his wall.
 tuckercarlson tucker if you want to stop the immigrants  then ask pres trump to put up bobwire on top every wall t .
 adminofmalice    plain and simple       kinda un american really  america is founded on betterment of all people s  an .
 realdonaldtrump donald trump said  mexico will pay for the wall   .
traveling through imperial county  california  the carpetbagger visits the salton sea mud volcanoes  gets a close u .
 realdonaldtrump remember how you promised that mexico would pay for your wall .
 nypost should build the wall in southern mexico.
 kevlar2283  jeeastwood63  timlambertnet  aanlyan  top sergeant  realdonaldtrump and just like most of his follower .
 realdonaldtrump we can t afford a fucking wall either  but since you couldn t negotiate with mexico to pay for it .
hey  betoorourke  the number of democrat votes in your home town has risen  think how many illegal votes you could .
 tomilahren i have no problem with either  how is that any different than saying vote for me and ill build a wall .
 truthmotiv8  cnn he lied and said mexico is gonna pay for his wall  thats 1   wait theres more .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews win win win let me see yes that s right in mexico is paying for the border wall .
 jws505  truthsandwich20  briankolfage  ryanafournier  ingrahamangle  kag4all  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump .
 lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump for a person with a phd  your ignorant     you probably believed that mexico was going to pay for the wall  .
 oped01 i have neighbors who are refugees  they are fine human beings  not pawns to be used to attack political ene .
a friend today reminded us about the former mexican president vicente fox s youtube video where he calls out u s pr .
 edkrassen just like he insisted mexico will come through with the pesos for the wall   it s been 730 days and we a .
 stevescalise sir more bobwire is needed on every wall  they will not climb any wall with bobwire  it works in jail .
 cascianojeri  theqrb  rnredgirl  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump but no  a wall wont work at all down there  the u .
 stephan632  waynedupreeshow do you realize how fast we d have the     to build the wall if we taxed  or received a .
 william42435549 2yrs after trump took office it s all of sudden a crisis    is mexico still paying for the wall      it  .
 nickmiroff  rachaelmbade why doesn t anyone see the simple fact that those cities are breaking a federal law  cut .
 seanhannity hannity bobwire is need on top every wall being built  look at all the jails in the united states and .
trump said        millions of votes in 2016 were illegal    mexico would pay for the wall    california wildfires were a re .
 teemcee  senjackyrosen i wonder what the international law says about countries like mexico with strict immigratio .
 realdonaldtrump if you would get mexico to pay for the wall  it could help    .
 97surferdude  tannerstake i never said deal with north korea  i said progress  name a president who has had more p .
estoy buscando la reaccin de wall mart mxico a esto  si alguien me puede ayudar    .
 tannerstake trump said he dad was born in germany the media mocked him and he was wrong   trump said 3milliom illega .
 inredwest  justinjt esq  tparlimited  shannonrwatts  nra  mrcolionnoir  i moved on her like a bitch    i just grab .
most of the  33 billion in remittances to mexico flow via u s  govt  banking program      though president trump said h .
 realdonaldtrump a desperate man with no self confidence who wants billions for a wall that he failed in negotiatio .
 realdonaldtrump but   we can afford a wall  which mexico isnt paying for .
 impactic  starbrightnight  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump so if he really cared about the first amendment he would quit .
a 2 000 mile long wall on mexico border wud result in a 95   reduction in illegal crossings  a 500 mile long wall p .
a 2 000 mile long wall on mexico border wud result in a 95   reduction in illegal crossings  a 500 mile long wall p .
a 2 000 mile long wall on mexico border wud result in a 95   reduction in illegal crossings  a 500 mile long wall p .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump infanticide is already illegal       did you repeal healthcare    do yall want impeachm .
 realdonaldtrump trump promise recap     10  middle class tax cut   failed   insurance rates lowered   failed   show tax .
 clairecmc theyre the same people who thought mexico would pay for the wall .
 unseen1 unseen  lockesalterego oh  c mon  he said mexico was going to build the wall       moreover  he s a liar  and .
 realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo lies lies lies    mexico will build the wall wrong    the president and sultan of lies .
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
as trump bangs his drum and shoots off fireworks every 3 minutes  don t forget         north korea is still building nu .
 realdonaldtrump  wedontbelieveyou cool  so you agree that a stupid  useless wall that mexico won t pay for and we .
 realdonaldtrump levy a remittance fee to the more than  33 annual billion going to mexico  most of which flows thr .
 no matter how  big  and how  beautiful  it is  trump s pet project is going to be largely ineffectual  .
don t like trump s emergency  agree to cut all benefits to illegals and there wouldn t be such an emergency to seal .
 mommabee47  kakalina18  dhinton80  msgvinny  realdonaldtrump mexico has a wall blocking guatemala are they racist .
 spiralwrap  geraldcraig2  mcginnkeven  karmatrumps  lockrousseau  mommabernice   fat nixon  hellcheez .
keep playing   realdonaldtrump will do whatever it takes to make us safer        did i hear huge tariffs  seems he on .
 realdonaldtrump the gop couldn t even get rid of obama care and couldnt come together to get that done even though .
 kellyannepolls and while you are pushing lies  hatred and fear where is better healthcare  affordable prescription .
 realdonaldtrump we can t afford a wall you said mexico was going to pay for.
from i love wikileaks to i dont know anything about wikileaks   its not my thing   just like the wall mexico .
president trump says he will have to send more troops to the us mexico border  wall  realdonaldtrump .
 tannerstake  mariaschafer16 trump said mexico would pay for the wall   the media mocks him   he will be right   for thos .
 realdonaldtrump wee you tried to make mexico bill a wall     wtf.
 sporty 1969  m a g a 45  matthewjshow  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump mexico wont pay for the wall that hasnt been bu .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews winning  hillary in jail  nope  built the wall  nope    mexico paying  nope  he .
 vp i thought what the american people wanted was  two tax cuts for the rich  a huge cut in the corporate tax  buil .
 tannerstake  austuncolby he also said mexico would pay for the wall        grab her by the pussy            here im alrea .
 filipstroe  alexandrachalup  realdonaldtrump so he is not to blame for lying so many times including he will get m .
this is ignorant  taxpayers are footing the bill for a wall that mexico will pay for  taxpayers are footing the b .
 michaelkugelman  sagarikaghose mr   michaelkugelman first of all stop worrying about india  second the head of the .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump typical  gop hypocrisy and whataboutism   mexico pay for the wall yet   repeal repla .
2016  i love wikileaks   2019  wikileaks is not my thing   2016  i will release my taxes   2019  i will not release my ta .
this is cia sealed jfk files and if your smart enough to pay your bill s you can live in the house of the lord you .
 vp i thought mexico was going to pay for a big  beautiful  wall  that was  realdonaldtrumps  1 promise  .
we re going to build a wall  and mexico is going to pay for it  theobviousbot.
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed   smartnews.
 dennislittle19  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk parts of the wall have already gone up and are goin .
 97surferdude  tannerstake with the new winning trade deal usmca mexico is will technically be paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews  govinslee has sued you 18 times and won every time       you still have no wall  .
 wsj our country will be nothing if everything these dems propose passes  good thing the wall isn t being built  ot .
 catrionamdw  michellemalkin so the billions to fund border security that every bill the democrats put forward cont .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed  no thank u bigots .
 chuckwoolery mexico paying for the wall   repeal  replace   lower prescription prices   fool    .
 realdonaldtrump donnie  i can t think of anything you ve said that was 100  correct   by the way  when is mexico g .
i thought mexico was going to pay for the wall .
 catrionamdw  michellemalkin mexico will pay for the wall  i cut the deficit  4000 terrorists caught at the souther .
ok  time for a new approach to protecting the southern border that the liberal judges cant subvert   lets help me .
 deanobeidallah  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump trump never released the tax returns like he said  nor the muller .
this map shows the bollard border walls that trump plans to build in the rio grande floodplain   these walls will d .
 sjwells3  realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump military  students  elderly and others are as funding from their progra .
 cheese  wall project  muro  queso proyecto  artista  cosimocavallaro  apoyo border tecate mexico frontera .
 amy siskind trump promised tax cut for middle class he gave it to rich  he promised mexico would pay for a wall th .
 crowfuzz  trump regrets  realdonaldtrump why did you believe him  did you ever stop and consider how impractical a .
 amy siskind trump had a whole lot to say abt lobbyists when he was campaigning  as with everything hes done so fa .
 stefanmolyneux mexico paying for that wall yet .
 mrickert70 instead of pushing for investments in ports of entry and more immigration officials trump has talked of .
 patrickcook28  dbongino  wikileaks he also promised mexico was paying for the wall   then had to say no they were .
 wam3wam mark  whitehouse i can play that too     trump said mexico would pay for wall   lie    trumps said repeal and .
 jennfranconews  oann we need military intervention on our own southern border first   martial law along the border .
 lanceedwardschr  marygod76284915  patriciathom10  danielfhart  sengillibrand well  you would know fake news  like .
 gop get to know your president  thinks windmills cause cancer  thinks stealths are invisible  thinks you can clean .
 donwinslow its not like youre dealing with the cream of the crop here  these idiots still think mexico will pay .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews dear potus       let s remember       you said many times that      mexico would pay for th .
 jbspeak it s just funny to me  after all these lies  they actually believe trump going to come up with a plan   th .
sponsored  thus far  the artist has enough to make a 25 foot wall made of 200 cheese bricks   .
 burn1td0wn  tannerstake yep the central park five  who hes said shouldve been killed eregardless that  theyd ab .
 realdonaldtrump just like we can t afford your ego wall that you promised mexico would pay for  amp  you won t be gett .
trump eyeing one of mexicos biggest sources of outside cash in move sure to terrify mexican govt       mexico will pa .
 stevescalise  realdonaldtrump  ingrahamangle  foxnews 3 years and mexico hadnt paid a penny for the wall  no repe .
 realdonaldtrump but we have plenty of money for    tax cuts for the rich    a wall  mexico s gona pay for    a  space fo .
 bbusa617 hmmm   that seems like more than enough to build the wall      and mexico is paying for it    neverdoubtthisman  mypresident  maga.
 border  frontera  tecate  mexico  project  proyecto  cheese  wall  muro  queso  donate  donar  support  apoyo .
 realdonaldtrump national debt at record highs  you said you would get rid of it  trade deficit at record highs  yo .
 gregthedoughboy  trumpcrazytrain  jandrhendricks  fnicholasr  takeastandleav1  luvmypittys  bitterlily22 .
 chuckwoolery  realdonaldtrump some wins   huge budget huge trade deficit no improvement on healthcare no lower cos .
 lisamolson7  fairimmigration canada doesnt have as much problems with illegal immigration  it still has some thou .
 realdonaldtrump so you lie about wikileaks you lie about mexico paying for the wall you lie about not taking peopl .
 maddowblog has anyone ever tried playing back tapes of 2016 trump to trump today just to see what happens  from me .
 cnn has anyone ever tried playing back tapes of trump in 2016 to trump today just to see what happens  from mexico .
you ve already bloodied your hands with your approval of full term babies  amp  abortion your refusal to build the wall .
 shawnaleneeshow  yanggangdefence  reasonraccoon  strwar  ashley4kxxx  arealhughmann  texasdalton  jcrezonanz .
 chuckwoolery  realdonaldtrump and yet trumpy  amp   betsydevosed refuse to fund literacy programs for children        di .
 joshuamallensr  realdonaldtrump i do know that you re absolutely right so what s stopping them now from building t .
 gop yes it is  but its not what started the crisis conversation which was to pay for a wall that was suooosed to be paid for by mexico .
 demwrite  dmansini  dncwarroom he promised to reveal his taxes  he promised not to take vacations or play golf  he .
 chuckwoolery  realdonaldtrump vs no immigration  no health care  no mexico paying for wall  no china deal  no naft .
oh cool  my trump loving cousin was inconvenienced by a line at the border  and it was bullshit       says the white .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews mexico sent the wall money      repeal replace       nowinningjustlying.
 ukhalla  dgcomedy  tomilahren i loved the part where you dodged the question about his great health care plan  or .
 realdonaldtrump was that the part about mexico paying for the wall or the fact there was no problem at the border until you created it .
stephen miller uses white nationalist dogwhistle to push trumps border wall .
 nettevents  realdonaldtrump nope because he promised mexico would 100  for it  not the usa tax money   .
 realdonaldtrump  i know nothing about wikileaks         mexico will pay for the wall         the middle class is getting a .
 out twitt  camilocatano1  csmay144k  if   you re not even able to have an election promise southern new wall  and .
 mclewis   kelsco17  whitehouse that we can learn about after the 2020 elections  yeah  right  and trump never lies .
 realdonaldtrump but but but   you want a billion dollar wall  let mexico pay douch.
 border tecate mexico  unitedstates  expand  wall cheese artist  cosimocavallaro  installation  project  progress   .
 gop hey  kellyannepolls   is gop talking about  in a round about way  the  billions  of us taxpayer dollars trump .
 realdonaldtrump remember when you said mexico would pay for the wall   you were the majority  shut down the govern .
 breitbartnews the first in long line of obama guys to be indicted then will get to the big one hillary guess trump .
 calbear g  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk so   you re on to the next lie   mexico isn t paying for .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the us mexico border .
trump said mexico would pay for the wall    the media mocked him    he   was  wrong   .
dod has let a  789 million contract to  buildthewall in new mexico and another  187 million contract for work in ar .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 realdonaldtrump just like we can t afford your wall  the one you promised the american people that mexico would pay for  .
 demwrite  dncwarroom build a wall and have mexico pay for it   broken   invest  550 billion in infrastructure   brok .
 scott danner 66  carthywas  gopchairwoman nonsense   trump lies much  much better than tariq aziz   did aziz ever .
 historyinmoment this is what americas southern border wall should look like    built  24 7 365  by non violent inma .
remittances from usa happen to be mexico s top source of income   over and above their crude oil production       tax thi .
 realdonaldtrump where is your big beautiful 2000 mile 30 high concrete wall that mexico was paying for  .
 markwelljohn  dragonflytdh  fairimmigration dude this wall is  it for washington its for mexico.
 mares62j  fairimmigration mexico should not pay for the wall  trump should because he is the one who wants to buil .
cadet bone spurs has no time for killed troops  he s busy looting the dod construction budget for the wall mexico w .
the post and courier recently sent columnist brian hicks and photographer lauren petracca to the u s  mexico border .
 stevekl00655958 i get it  but heres how its not the same  palestinians dont have an airport  mexico does  most .
 bbusa617 and mexico pays for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews lol i see clitious and cougar bait are out here kissing your ass again  so what .
challenge trump on the issues and his stupidity  ignore his insults   here s an example        hey trump  where s the s .
 charliekirk11 insanity       trump lies daily yet his cuckold cult members still follow  mexico paying for the wall  .
 gregabbott tx thought mexico was paying for the wall   education  in texas is ranked at the bottom and the gov cou .
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews mexico is losing a lot more money in tourism  trade and the additional costs of .
 realdonaldtrump we cant afford your vanity wall  that mexico was supposed to pay for .
not   this boy who constantly makes racist hispanic jokes towards me and talks about how donald trump needs to hurr .
 tannerstake and if trump wants the wall    he should have mexico pay for it.
 niagarasays me  no  but if you really think trump is suddenly going to start following through on any of his big t .
the wall will trap us in here with these fools  we need to escape to mexico   .
 sugarcatdancer  realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews boy thats a reach  but trump did ask russia to release her ema .
mexican lawmakers approve pro labor changes wall street journal mexico s lower house passed a   mexico  news.
 realdonaldtrump  loudobbs  foxnews winning  great healthcare at a fraction of the cost  mexico will pay for the wa .
 neensca  serendipitydizl a man who lied about building a wall on the southern border that mexico was gonna pay for .
everybody knows mexico has too many immigrants  this wouldn t have happened if the democrats let me build my wall  .
 poonch13  bajwasm  abtotha3  trenk harry  ifnotnoworg  rjc you sound like lou dobbs  did she pay for her wall  the .
 realdonaldtrump bravo   good call   let mexico pay for the wall  those idiotic democrats should be reined in   und .
 motherjones trump s wall will prevent women from going to mexico for abortions like we used to   welcome to father knows best   america .
 pdawg101  b u b b a 1  fusion allusion  cnn republicans aren t looking to good   mexico isnt paying for any wall  .
 carolho64974250  donaldjtrumpjr really  hows that mexico is going to pay for the wall thing going for you  yal .
 realdonaldtrump we don t have an open border mindset  but you sir are a liar  when does mexico pay for the wall  a .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 reneecarrollaz  vargasgirlred if mexico didnt have a wall  those people would never be stopped.
 bmacdaddy33  hillaryclinton  billclinton  paulbegala dude     stop      no mexico paying for the wall   no lock her up .
 realdonaldtrump if we cant afford  why are we putting money into a wall that mexico was supposed to build.
 realdonaldtrump sure mr i know nothing about wikileaks  and never said mexico was gonna pay for the wall      anyo .
 junogsp7  john kissmybot  stevenmnuchin1  epochtimes so mexico is paying for wall    .
 bbusa617 trump to target remittance payments  maybe mexico will pay for the wall after all        trump2020landslide     bordersecurity.
 whitehouse  vp and mexico is gonna pay for that wall .
 realdonaldtrump trump wanted mexico t pay f r his useless wall  an  when that didn t pass he declared a national e .
how will trumps border wall affect wildlife in the united states and mexico  .
 realdonaldtrump have mexico pay for a wall   oh wait.
 realdonaldtrump dear potus       let s not forget some facts       you initiated a lawsuit to end obamacare  amp        rob the he .
 realdonaldtrump bro  let the democrats know how you got mexico to pay for a wall .
 poonch13  bajwasm  trenk harry  ifnotnoworg  rjc a wall will do nothing  i m all for a wall if mexico pays for it  .
 realdonaldtrump we cant afford a wall that mexico isnt paying for either  but thats happening  meanwhile millio .
 whitehouse and trump said he would not cut medicare  please respond to that  no time for golf  mexico would pay fo .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  potus please tax the money the illegals send back to mexico  50  and use that mone .
 realdonaldtrump i remember you saying that you would build a wall and mexico would pay for it   how did that work out .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz mexico is not paying for the wa .
crossing the border newsletter  a strange little section of the borderwall .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump hmmm  it would appear mexico is paying for the wall  well done potus .
 realdonaldtrump mexico paying for that wall would help for sure  we sure can t afford a useless wall .
i have a solution for the border      we build a big beautiful wall      huge      around trump      and mexico will pay for it      an .
federal reserve bank of dallas ownership ceo president robert steve kaplan master board master of unite state of am .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump thats why he said mexico would pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump funny one of  potus many false campaign promises besides mexico will pay for the wall  wikileaks t .
 realdonaldtrump mexico didn t pay for a wall  you didn t give us a health care plan  you didn t reduce the price o .
 filteredblue  northernbelle00  realdonaldtrump well you can add mexico paying for a wall to the list of trumps broken promises .
though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  m .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump as it is    i will raise my own taxes  won t be like other republicans  amp  cut medica .
though president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  m .
though president  realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  .
this is right across the border on the mexico side  they hate our country  our president  and our values       deport a .
 realdonaldtrump like we cant afford your wall   oh  mexico will pay .
when trump promotes the wall  just remember     most americans want the wall because it will      save lives of america .
 breitbartnews mexico will always smuggle in guns  therefore  your anti wall makes no sense democrats .
 realdonaldtrump you want taxpayers to fund a wall that you said mexico will pay for  declared a  trumpshutdown  an .
 thehill 2016  i love wikileaks   2019  wikileaks is not my thing   2016  i will release my taxes   2019  i will not rele .
trump also said hes never heard of wiki leaks    media  video  can show multiple instances where he said he loves wi .
2016  i love wikileaks   2019  wikileaks is not my thing   2016  i will release my taxes   2019  i will not release my ta .
 realdonaldtrump wheres your repeal and replace you promised        mexico will pay for the wall       tax returns .
 realdonaldtrump the only thing youve done is start to just now start to build a tiny section of the wall  and mexico isnt paying for it .
 thehill trump mentioned wikileaks over 160 times in the last 30 days before the election   yes  mexico will pay for the wall .
you never fixed immigration  just kidnapped and caged kids for deterrence   your hateful ideas don t work  now  you .
 cockatoohidden  tannerstake he will build the wall and mexico will pay for   one of my favorites .
 itssniggy  lyntonstmarie and mexico will reimburse for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump even though i wanted the wall    my boyfriend thinks we should just annex mexico       get their .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump sure  as he takes money from bases  amp  military families  to build his vanity wall  mexic .
 saracarterdc looks like mexico is starting to pay for the wall    and it ain t pretty.
according to dhs only 1 4   of central americans families  are deported sticking u s taxpayers to pay for illegal k .
 realdonaldtrump that s good news for you    of course this means you ll be releasing the report in it s entirety so .
though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexicans in .
red bench   albuquerque   new mexico   home decor   wall art   fine art photography   print   matted .
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump mexico is already paying for the wall via loss of nafta and more fair trade   don .
according to the dhs only 1 4 percent of all central american family units will be sent back to their home countrie .
 nbcchicago smolletts lawyers would argue that it was the citys own initiative  not smolletts  to spend their mo .
 lonnie lala  cassandrarules  realdonaldtrump the wall that mexico paid for is stunning .
 lanceedwardschr  patriciathom10  marygod76284915  danielfhart  sengillibrand howgullible  are you  according to yo .
 georg603  cassandrarules that wall that mexico paid for is stunning.
were here to assist the border patrol because they are so short handed  the groups leader  70 year old striker .
2survive intexasblackbearsneed  openborder   decades after be g wipedout in  lonestarstate black bearsrslowly return  .
 caliconservati6  oann  youtube lol  i told ya ll how we need to do it  we need to increase the aid to mexico from .
  yea and the muller report cleared me   and i have a health plan for all  and mexico has written the check for the .
 donnaha85056221  lifeasaknowmad  kilmeade  drdrew  apalmerdc  secondlady  charlipence there s no wall in progress .
 kwpark3  teamtrump one percent drop in unemployment  that s awesome    did the check from mexico for the wall finally arrive .
to find out if you are invested in the construction of the u s  mexico border wall  check out  investigatetool .
 elistokols right and gop is the party of health care  and mexico pay for the wall  and i dont know anything about .
 repmarkgreen where is your outrage about  realdonaldtrump  lies     you can t pick and choose     also  when are w .
 tomilahren trump says vote for me and i ll have mexico pay for the wall and fix obamacare .
 julie  ca  pdcounselor  judicialwatch  dailycaller regarding mexico paying for the wall  that will happen when i g .
 realdonaldtrump that kid who got hit was the immediate family of the current president of mexico    they don t giv .
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon     just listed  mexico 2019 12 x 12 inch monthly square wall cal .
us border wall with mexico takes many forms  few stop the daily flow of illegal crossings .
 realdonaldtrump wait   you were 100  right about the border   then mexico is paying for the wall .
 gregmannarino  youtube   when i said mexico was got to pay for the wall i didn t mean they re going to  actually pay for it     .
   buy from mgagam supplies and snacks via amazon      just listed  la virgen de guadalupe 2019 12 x 12 inch monthl .
 realdonaldtrump just like when you said mexico with pay for wall  lmao .
gonzaga trustee leads company building trumps border wall in new mexico .
 realdonaldtrump dude you had two years to fix the problem   why didnt you  personally  im beginning to believe y .
en una sesin voltil  el nasdaq y el dow jones bajaron  las acciones de cuidado de la salud pesaron en los tres pr .
 dontatmebehappy  judydav14825432  cwessel16  weareinittowin1  judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  tomfitton read your .
 cascianojeri  theqrb  rnredgirl  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump ok  my point is the the rio is a natural border be .
 repmarkmeadows as i recall  democrats have been discussing the humanitarian crisis for last several months  rememb .
 nmredmenace  andwiser  abqjournal  govmlg  hectorbalderas so we don t live in a christian nation  wasn t mexico go .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz mexico paid for the wall .
 wer many  taylorkellydc  realsaavedra ill agree aoc hasnt done anything  but youre not staying in topic  but si .
 willsommer nothing like repubs supporting mexico by buying avacados for libs  avacados against the wall .
and if you believe that  i ve got this wall mexico paid for i ll sell to you  .
 cheri4trump he also wanted hillary locked up  mexico to pay for the wall  so why are taxpayers funding it  and def .
 repmeuser wow  group slogans  how about trying to strip social security and medicare   and is mexico paying for th .
 purdue university researchers new proposal  a new energy corridor with mexico instead of a wall    innovation .
you promised mexico would pay for the wall      you promised you d provide your tax returns  once auditing was done       y .
 kissasins  kissasins you were always smoking hot   but with these new boobs lawdy lawdy   perfection   enjoy mexic .
 junogsp7  trey vondinkis cut them all together and mexico will pay for the wall.
 kamalaharris obama did the same thing  build a wall and wall la  problem solved  my neighbor who is mexican whos .
 ruthless6695 not only that but  whose paying for the  wall   we american are  not mexico  mr  trump    i knew this w .
why does the media give attention to militia groups like this  six guys  with guns and other tactical gear  their c .
 bjquilts29  urocklive1  olganyc1211  mmurphy85619  sarahbcalif  speakerpelosi right  let s see   release the muell .
if they don t pay tax how do we pay for the wall        ah  right   mexico       but  do those companies pay tax in mexico  .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 ihateliars21  donaldjtrumpjr who is going to pay for the wall       willfully ignorant and racist trump fans scream  mexico.
 calbear g  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk let s me simplify this  sending more american goods to m .
 sydney  watson  ozraeliavi lol  i thought you hated migrants anyway       perhaps you can try the mexico border  i und .
 potus pres  t  wants the wall to stop sex trade  amp  democrat frauds says sex slavery has no harm with letting killer .
 peterbeinart trump will now run on annexing mexico since they didnt pay for the wall and you know  the border   t .
trump  mexico will pay for the wall   also trump  i didnt say mexico was going to pay for the wall   also also trump  i .
llegaron a destronar a netflix  .
 leach deanna  matterberry1 by doing this mexico will be paying for the wall  .
trump said mexico would pay for the wall  i guess that one is pending  .
goodbye mexico we love this side of the wall   best dives ever thanks to the best dive master in the world john at .
 realdonaldtrump your two retards trying to reset your approval ratings  i do know you have 78 percent of oklahoma .
f    yeah  more lies to his constituents who he continues to f    over  cool  dude  obamacare repealed and replaced .
 tomilahren you also said last time  come vote for us and we will repeal obamacare  build the wall and make mexico .
donald trump is a jedi  with a wave of his little hand   millions of people believe he never mentioned wikileaks  .
 gopchairwoman unbelievable because as usual u are talking out of you behind ronna  did the same guy that said he w .
 sicilianfixer  ohio buckeye us wanna get the wall built 10  surcharge on remittances to mexico across all platforms .
 kytv 45 also said  windmill noise causes cancer  mexico will pay for wall  his dad was born in germany  lied about .
this is fine but they cant do anything legally but call border patrol when they see someone  federal law on u s  m .
the only way to win the wall battle is to have  mexico stop allowing immigrants to come in their southern border an .
 penelope7usa  anncoulter frankly i dont know her all that well   mexico gets a one year warning   400 miles .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz how is he keeping promises  he .
 steph93065  regrock29  realdonaldtrump it meant he would have more flexibility because he wouldn t be campaigning .
las bolsas en mxico siguieron la tendencia de wall street registrando nmeros rojos   .
 repbenraylujan  repdean  reploritrahan  repmgs good american citizens deserve to be represented   not people from mexico    build the wall.
 akadarkpig los del estado de mxico solo nos mandan lo peor y los dems estados punto pinche paisano pendejo  bui .
what s amazing is the chief moron doesn t even get new york right  .
 cierre   wall street cierra mixto ante previsiones pesimistas sobre resultados corporativos de primer trimestre   .
its time to shut down   mexico   close the border until the wall is built  mexico will pay    one way or the other .
and use the foreign aid that goes to mexico  honduras  el salvador  nicaragua  and guatemala to build that goddamn .
 tannerstake trump said mexico would pay for the wall.
 tannerstake trump said he d make mexico write a check for his wall   he lied   trump said he would be working too hard .
much of  33 billion immigrants sent south was expedited by u s  government program  a tax on transfers to mexico wi .
 michieljackson  joelomba1  tedlieu  prageru  realcandaceo one picture tweeted and then corrected  nicely done  did .
remember mexico  still hasnt payed for  traitortrumps wall  .
 galveston contractor sls awarded  789m contract to replace  borderwall fence near  elpaso  texas    .
 fbr  usa  resistance hey  maga  trump promised  so  where is the gop affordable   healthcare plan  the  infrastruc .
 realdonaldtrump hopefully  mexico can protect our border but if not the wall must be constructed  immigrants cross .
 realdonaldtrump yeah  yeah  yeah   gee  haven t heard this lie for 18 hours now  ur  wall  is an illusionary safet .
 senschumer  senatemajldr  senategop trump is protecting the country with a wall    he is not taking everything fro .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump really     i will immediately repeal  amp  replace obamacare    false promise     i will build .
 realdonaldtrump    hey donald trump your are president and i respect that many people are disrespectful but what you .
 thesheetztweetz  cnbc  teamspaceil china holds world record for successfully landing a vehicle in furthest point o .
hey   anybody know if the national emergency is still going on  i was going to catch a mlb game this weekend  but d .
 gop why is it so difficult to understand that mexico will pay for the wall .
 bradchildsnyc  anncoulter drones fly over  tunnels dug under   .
you need to get mexico to build a wall  liar .
 realdonaldtrump it is great we have mexico working with us now by keeping the illegals immigrants from crossing il .
 kamalaharris how about protecting our precious california acres along the border with mexico and secure the public .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 vachilly64 let mexico have california then build a wall up the coast .
analysis  the border is broken  and theres no plan to fix it   thank you democrats and turn .
 anncoulter .
 warbilton i will admit he often says things he shouldn t  like when he was talking about wind power     he should ha .
  baldassare  tannerstake  ryanafournier absolutely  ask any windmill  his dad  any pornstars  his school teachers  .
the destruction of vital environmental wildlife areas along the us  mexico border just to erect a new border wall i .
 anncoulter ann  do you finally see the light  that border security found dozens of tunnels dug from mexico to the .
  trump  trump2020  pancake  flipflop  wikileaks  america  donaldtrump  maga  wall  mexico  lol.
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump says the man who can t even get mexico to pay for the wall as he promised       .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump mexico was to pay for the wall  but now he is taking  6 billion of the american peo .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz promises kept       1   repeal and .
on u s  mexico border  patriot militia vow to patrol until the wall is up .
trump appears to have only just learned how big texas is .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum so show me the cheaper better  health care that trump .
 repmarkmeadows the current president rejected more money for border security because he insisted on a wall that me .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz oh  so mexico is paying for the .
 realdonaldtrump and someday  in your dreams  mexico will pay for the wall too .
 dougglass12  milesdixon15  friend feline  lrihendry  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed   newsweek  ok we .
 va mob member  markwarner you voted for someone who said mexico was going to pay for a wall that he then took mone .
 realdonaldtrump everybody does not acknowledge you were correct  fact you were wrong cause mexico is not paying fo .
draining the swamp is a bigger lie than mexico will pay for the wall  .
 cris r3333  menakyle  raymondhweiss  sohrabahmari both of yall probably believe trumps approval rating is 55   m .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump  gopchairwoman  andrewcmccarthy  edrollins  repmattgaetz promise  mexico will pay for th .
for my  open borders  anti wall friends  neighbors and relatives  when 100 000 people per month are caught crossing .
taking away the sunset      those chinese real estate companies are treating the sun like trump s treating mexico  buil .
 yates jimmy  cassandrarules  realdonaldtrump i ll just kiss them and they let me i can just grab their pussy  mexi .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed  smartnews    this .
 staytruetoyou3  kumquatdesigner  billmaher there s a 12 page list of your fhrer changing his mind        i know nothi .
 sendavidperdue  senthomtillis perdue  worst senator to serve georgians  long time   2020 send him back  private se .
 esoj1212  realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump how do you talk to people like you  if you knew anything you would know .
 mybullwinkle  emmavigeland you can call it verbal permission or coercion from a presidential candidate to release .
the government is clearing strips of land inside wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and butterflies as .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 progression guy  betawriter  successfull77  aoc  ilhanmn  gop cant detain minors w parents  cant detain w out pa .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
does this mean info wars is funding mexico s avocado industry  should info wars     pay for the wall    .
 sbgc2c  mattgaetz  weartv matt  how would a wall stop anybody if they cross the gulf of mexico in a boat    sure did .
 lanceedwardschr  marygod76284915  patriciathom10  danielfhart  sengillibrand i really feel so sorry for you if you .
 realdonaldtrump disapproval is correct not approval    amp  mexico paying for the non wall   i love wikileaks   obama .
 mollyjongfast look   him  bold face liar   not my thing   screwball    daddy was born in germany    mexico will pa .
 debramessing feel free to move to the other side of the wall and spare us your piss poor theatrics  oh wait    you .
build the big beautiful wall w concertina wire  the skin ripping kind  amp  make mexico pay    realdonaldtrump forgot a .
 repmarkmeadows for rwo years you did nothing  try using a mexican prop  or maybe ask your lying president where s .
 edwardashton30  realdonaldtrump yeah he also promised mexico would pay for the wall  which their not  trumps a con .
 theblaze  debramessing suggestion  let debra messing climb the new wall into mexico and become an ex pat  enjoy .
 gopchairwoman for the  base     tunnels are dug under walls  border security found dozens dug from mexico to u s  in .
 fairimmigration  reuters  robertarampton  steveholland1 no president donald trump should not be backing away from .
this film is a very timely look at three characters in the lower  riogrande valley of texas whose lives are upended .
 proudresister thats all we heard in 2016  is how much 45 loved wikileaks  every rally was the chanting of wikilea .
 realdonaldtrump who is everyone the voices in your head  good news though the border is fixed  the wall is built a .
 cuocokarel  rt com  wikileaks nothing  like the wall mexico was going to pay for.
smh theyre really taxing for avocados in ny  and i cant even be upset  because donnie wants his wall bad bad  .
look mom  a wall   hi mexico  .
 gutzeitpatty  theqrb  rnredgirl  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump my point is that the rio grand is suppled by water .
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
 gop why did the gop members vote against the bill  why didnt they pass the bill during the first two years when t .
 atrupar he convinced them he would show his tax returns after the election  and then he convinced them that they d .
 repandyharrismd  housegop  potus dont forget since trump became president hes bankrupted the farmers  still wait .
 amy siskind    notice how trump no longer claim mexico will pay for the wall the pentagon will  .
 carpentersfor45  repmattgaetz  tuckercarlson  foxnews 1   indeed  it is  time for justice    and truth   and trump .
 vp  whitehouse  potus quit worrying mexico will pay for the wall .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until wall is up .
 gop thanks to how you guys are handling it  building a wall wont stop you monsters from keeping legal asylum seek .
 myserenity69  leeleeb50  realdonaldtrump he does have a policy    step 1  get money from mexico step 2  use it to bu .
 a1ex027  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump the areas where walls have been built have seen a dramatic decrease in a .
 realdonaldtrump but lying to america that mexico will build the wall  separating families  not president obama   t .
 berniesanders if you become the president will you build another wall to divert floods to mexico .
 realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump no  we need affordable health care  to hell with your wall  if we waste money on .
a liberal activist judge says its too dangerous for asylum seekers to stay in mexico while they wait for their cla .
 dynamicprogramr  senschumer found nothing  you haven t even seen the full report yet  the same person who told you .
 fran bottini23 i have people in my family who actually believe mexico has a wall on its southern border i .
 realdonaldtrump you also said mexico would build the wall  who cares what a liar says .
 lanceedwardschr  goofygary7  marygod76284915  danielfhart  sengillibrand i thought this conversation between you a .
the wall must keep them on the other side  yes children  humanitarian help on the mexico side  no more free rides t .
 repbyrne  cbp get your man to fix it   he said that a border wall will fix everything and that hes going to get m .
 reallyswara  reallyswara you really want bangladeshis and pakistanis infiltrating india and make it one amongst th .
trump apparently suffers from alzenheimer disease as democrats claimed him to be  wikileaks  the wall  mexico payin .
 shithole45  whitehouse i recall affordable healthcare for all oh and that pesky one about mexico paying for the .
 madolive369  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump the mexican border is only one of the many ports of entry for drugs  pue .
 1dewman1966  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  netanyahu it was on every network isreal on did powerpoint presentatio .
give or take 1 2 the tonoodom land is in  arizona the other 1 2 is in  mexico    if  trump builds a wall on the inter .
trump didnt really mean mexico would pay for the wall but he does mean the fbi is crooked     he didnt really mean .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall  getter done mr  president .
 mike37311756  mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo he said he d give us great healthcare  defeat isis in 30 .
we gotta build that wall because nothing good comes from mexico  except  unheard of medical achievements and scient .
 nbcnews       pentagon awards first border wall contracts for diverted funds       the wall trump promised that mexico wou .
 gop why is it so difficult for the liar  potus to admit he promised mexico would pay for a border wall  not american taxpayers .
 mg86789a57890 a president who shuts down government in order to get his way on a   controversial issue  such as bu .
 globalpolhisto1 a president who shuts down government in order to get his way on a  controversial issue  such as b .
 rebeccaballhaus just like mexico paying for the wall  his mid term middle class tax cut and his health care plan .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed  smartnews  .
 realdonaldtrump be specific  who did the spying  when did they spy  and what proof do you have  without that infor .
people who voted for trump are stupid as f    they re actually paying for the wall that he promised mexico would  p .
mexico 2018 wall calendar  bilingual      .
 mediasesin   wall street entra en prdidas a media sesin y el dow jones baja un 0 13     .
 thehill pouts also said         he d release his tax returns      he d get mexico to pay for the wall     he d deliver low .
obama was born in kenya   will release tax returns   can t release under audit   mexico will pay for wall   no deals in rus .
the  rgv is nothing like the rhetoric being spewed out by this admin  glad this book will shed light on the dynamic .
 realdonaldtrump they believe in border security as much or more than you do  there is a better way  then lying tha .
tax the hell out of the remittances so mexico  el salvador  etc pay for the wall  .
if trump would deport the democrats across the border then mexico would build the wall.
 realdennislynch  barackobama  realdonaldtrump wait  the border is closed   did they build the wall   did mexico pa .
for  cronkitenews   hadarameyer trekked to the arizona mexico border  she explores the potentially devastating effe .
if illegal immigration isnt wrong  why is mexico willing to pay for a portion of the wall .
 realdonaldtrump so  mexico will not be paying for the wall .
  lt  read here  it is important     also may 2016 visit was planned ahead  6 mos a yr more  was .
 mtgeiger1184  justsayn2020kag  donaldjtrumpjr  erictrump  parscale  scottbaio  judgejeanine he lied mexico will pa .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump mexico is still going to pay for the wall when we drive their cartel right back at the .
trump loved wikileaks but now says he knows nothing about it    he said mexico will pay for the wall  there is no wal .
trumps immigration policy and activity on the border has created precisely the disaster he designed it to create  .
 mexico will pay for the wall      they didn t  there is no new wall     i love wikileaks  vs today   i know nothing .
 thesarahdtaylor i think debra and all debras wonderful followers should go to the border and walk into mexico and .
damn man they sold my job to mexico   i sold all them good mexican drugs for all them years  amp  this is how mexico th .
 latenightseth anyone notice the states trump wants to wall off we kinda stole from mexico in the first place.
 tannerstake trump said mexico would pay for a wall   he would repeal and replace obamacare   would get out of syri .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum gonna deliver on the promise that mexico will pay for .
 acosta that lie is right up there with mexico will pay for the wall and i know nothing about david duke .
 4yrstoday he hasn t      made mexico pay for a wall    destroyed obamacare    offered an alternative to obamacare    playe .
 stevenfantasyf yeah like that plan for mexico paying for a wall or wait  thought he was going to repeal and replac .
 samstein pretty sure you told america that you loved wikileaks  prompting the crowd to chant lock her up   remembe .
 reallyswara boundaries between nations  great wall of china  trump s mexico wall  israel s wire mesh fencing etc  .
 vp  potus is this about the wall mexico is paying for .
 honordecency never heard mexico will pay for the wall either.
no  trumpf tax return   no transparent  muellerreport   no mexico paying for wall   no independent  agbarr  hatched man   n .
 steph93065  realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo remember when trump said he d release his taxes  remember when trump s .
 naniwaialeale president trump wants a 1000 mile wall along the 1 954 mile long us mexico border  border patrol age .
 potus  do away with directo a mexico  bush did us no favors  his scheme allowed illegals to send record  33 48 bil .
 blumke terri  senblumenthal this is called projection  its when u label someone else in this case  saying were o .
 thehill and mexico will pay for the wall.
disney   la amenaza ms grande para netflix  ser presentada hoy a analistas de wall street    .
 thedemocrats millions dont want to pay for his wall  he wants the wall and he lied when he said mexico would pay .
 realdonaldtrump check the polls  americans do not want to pay for a wall you said mexico would pay for  stop wasti .
 tecate  border  mexico  unitedstates  cheese  wall  artist  cosimocavallaro  project  installation   enjoy  .
 annietheblank  markknoller trump relies on the stupidity and lapsed memories of his most ardent supporters  who do .
 realdonaldtrump  mr president i need your help  my daughter in law has 3 children in mexico she has been legally m .
with trump failing to get the wall up  it was only a matter of time before concerned citizens decided to take matte .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
 lionofjudahrev5  asavagenation .
 realdonaldtrump i missed the check from mexico for the big  great wall that you are building with money meant for .
 whitehouse dis you guys cone up with this bs all by yourselves  is it like mexico will pay for the wall .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired  .
drawing mexican map on the wall     mexicanfood  mexico  mural  london  yuccagarden   london  united kingdom .
 asavagenation  westwoodone .
 asavagenation .
 whitehouse mexico will pay for the wall .
 agenda21  agenda2030  tcot  sgp  teaparty  mexico  tijuana  border  maga  news  wall  invasion  caravan  migrant .
 theminorchords even warren s solutions are facile  poaching other countries  tax base is easy  a lot like saying m .
 realdonaldtrump in addition to building wall to stop the crisis at the mexican border  christians  peace corps  ch .
 asavagenation you are wrong about no new wall construction  new mexico started building new wall last year .
another caravan with est 1 000 migrants on its way from honduras to southern border where they will then illegally .
 realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo actually the biggest scandal of our time is you    you pulled off the biggest scam .
 donaldjtrumpjr you would have been much wiser to spend your 2yrs fulfilling your contract with america  the 1st 10 .
 i will build a great  great wall on our southern border  and i will make mexico pay for that wall  mark my words    2016.
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
 stevewhiteraven corbyn  s uk lost half of the industry due to brexit  how do you think that a left is to build a w .
 realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo  mexico is paying for the wall  donald trump .
 a strange little section of the border wall    news  mexico.
 saracarterdc everyone please look up glenn beck s video on the chicago based communism group sponsored by george s .
 lapilkington  peskysnowflake  trumptorch1  tswangz  reptedlieu 1  isis being defeated    2  isis defeated with 30 da .
surely any day they will  just like mexico is going to cut a check for that wall  .
give them to the mexico sindecat for supply of sexslave with little work when pres  t wants the wall to stop it for .
 tannerstake trump said mexico would pay for the wall  after their remittances are taxed or stopped  trump will be correct .
 realdonaldtrump mexico called    they are still not paying for the wall .
 shoegoddesss  gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump that s a great rant  but it has nothing to do with trump s forgotten .
 patriotcaravan  militia  minuitemen  agenda21  agenda2030  caravan  mexico  border  maga  news  wall  invasion .
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
 annamarina222  llhan omar  ilhan omar oh he is perfect  he is a perfect crook    1  misdirector  he has you looking .
 realdonaldtrump mexico told you to go stick it they were not going to be threatened by you  and mexico was going t .
  kel varnsen   gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump democrats don t care about americans  it s all about  illegals  amp  fut .
 gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump how about this    democrats will match dollar for dollar whatever wall funding trump gets from mexico       deal .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
 jmjlori  mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump i m sure glad you like the old scumbag    how many of your friends own land alo .
please cosed the southern border  stop all aid to mexico and central america and build the wall they have been taki .
 naturally ee  realdonaldtrump if your talking about that then he is correct  mexico is paying for the wall  not ne .
 realdonaldtrump hummm so is mexico paying for the stupid vanity wall  no     lying to the american people sounds treasonous to me .
100 000 people crossed the border illegally  walking across  this month  they are all in camps waiting to get sent .
 ilhanmn im tired of everyone thinking its just one race or religion  its not  everyone hates trump because he h .
 tannerstake trump said mexico would pay for the wall    trump said he would release his tax returns    trump said nois .
   doesn t work if they re going to just catch and release .
the us mexico border wall wont just separate two nations  it will sever the connection between a community and its .
the government is clearing strips of land inside wildlife habitats for endangered animals  as part of trump s promi .
 realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo why don t we take the assets that we have captured from the drug lord that is fixi .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the us mexico border .
 lelandshow pretty soon mexico will pay for a portion of the wall to keep california out.
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
down with the trump puppets in ontario canada  trump wants to spend 8 billion plus on a wall  that money could be i .
 shawnaleneeshow  dmit0820  jcrezonanz  yanggangdefence  yangste06838294  ashley4kxxx  xlilastarxxx  rachel k chen .
 cejdaddyd  markikendrick  asteadwesley  maggienyt good luck im sure congress will got on this right after mexico pays for the wall .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed  smartnews  .
 31 percent of blacks and 40 percent of hispanics believed in using the national guard to patrol the border with me .
if i m president i won t have time to golf       i know the best words       i ll drain the swamp       mexico will pay for the .
 donaldjtrumpjr mexico was not responsible for 911     mexico was not responsible for oaklahoma bombing    mexico didnt .
 lovemylordgod  seanhannity finally  you say he talks to you    does that mean you dont care that he lies constantl .
 realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo speaking of failed hows the wall mexico was supposed to pay for  or your great replacement for the aca .
 realdonaldtrump  mariabartiromo dear potus  amp  ms bartiromo       what about       n  korea s ability to strike the us with .
 after all this technology the way to protect us from mexico is a wall  which i think they did at the alamo  didn t .
 realdonaldtrump donny boy do mean you promising that mexico will pay for the wall  you are not fixing the southern .
 whitehouse not long ago  realdonaldtrump said mexico would pay for the wall   it wasnt true then  and it wont be .
men build too many walls and not enough bridges    joseph fort newton the   i will build a great great wall on ou .
if amlo is following hugo chavez  playbook  imagine a significant portion of mexico s 130mm inhabitants running awa .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump anyone who ever thought mexico would actually write a check for the wall is totally ig .
 gdad1 but it is from texas  half of stupidity is explained  the other half is only the troop to return the texas t .
  do build the wall  buildthewall  realdonaldtrump  usa  buildthatwall  disney  disneyworld  disneyparkslive .
 realdonaldtrump dear potus and mr  carlson       what about       n korea s continuation as a nuclear armed nation threate .
 thejohnapples  realdonaldtrump and how did making mexico build the wall  what about carrier keeping jobs here in t .
 the federal agency that administers the black rock desert has proposed building a 10 mile concrete wall around the .
 r schmidtke explains how addressing asylum applications  more secure ports of entry  and investing in technology a .
 govmikehuckabee  realdonaldtrump said mexico would pay for the wall they didn t.
 jenniferjjacobs it s interesting to note that just over 3 months ago  while stumping with reporters outside the wh .
 realdonaldtrump i m now calling for the american invasion and immigration to mexico  let s see if that scares mexi .
 scottbaio what ticks me off is how some people say that this is just as deplorable as the berlin wall  not at all .
 .
 lanceedwardschr  marygod76284915  patriciathom10  danielfhart  sengillibrand ok who lied and said mexico was going .
wingers are terrified that terrorists will take advantage of our porous border  so their own  domesticterrorists wi .
 scottzzzy  giveu2tictacs  ap politics  ap please quote the part that says mexico is paying for the wall through this deal .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 donaldjtrumpjr there sure is a crisis at the border and it has been manufactured by trump 100  only so he could ge .
good because the border is becoming untenable thanks to the dems       on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until .
 therickydavila yesterday he was talking about the wall by mexico   what the hell does he know about that   he s th .
about as convincing as when trump said post helsinki   the sentence should have been  i dont see any reason why i .
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
 tannerstake trump said mexico would pay for the wall    he said it at rallies    he was wrong      trump says a lot of thi .
 empressincarna1  flyfishaz1  jimcognito2016  piratedwight  walshfreedom he said he would release his tax returns o .
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
 richardkhughes  bloke on a bike  realdonaldtrump learn from trump   hows that deal going with mexico to pay for his wall .
 peaceadvocate16  soledadobrien in  rare occasions were children separated from parents under previous admin   also .
 realdonaldtrump i think what youre doing with the border is treasonous  first you ran your election on the promis .
 patriqt 1776  vickie627  margeelder4  jdd2169  bustthegop  carlvegaaa  nguyen t cuong  hindleydan  montenickel .
 photoartist9  flyfishaz1  jimcognito2016  piratedwight  walshfreedom good lord jacob is that you under a burner ac .
 realdonaldtrump hey trump  and if instead of making the wall north of mexico you do it in the south  at the end th .
 realdonaldtrump you want democrats on your side of the wall  get that big payment from mexico that you promised co .
 realdonaldtrump i do remember very clearly you saying mexico would pay for the wall   .
disney presenta hoy su servicio de streaming disney  a wall street  forbes mxico .
 whitehouse anyone trusting the republican party to fix health care is making an early grave mistake  mexico will p .
 stephphilip8  dgpurser i say extend the wall around california with mexico the can have all the illegals.
mexico will say one thing then reverse course  it would be wonderful if mexico keeps their word   but please contin .
 gatesmasher winning like mexico not paying for his wall     the aca  affordable care act      north korea peace deal f .
 donyspanky  jitendr07778918  kenvogel  dineshdsouza  whitehouse  barackobama keep mentioning draft dodger  your ol .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall right did i miss something  i mean i heard you say it over 300 times .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
so the green new deal is too expensive and the border wall between the u s  and mexico is not  where is the sense i .
 realdonaldtrump we should put sanctions on mexico till they pay for the wall .
 whitehouse yeah  and you all told us  replacement plan is ready  that mexico would pay for a stupid pointless wall .
 mortpaul14  katrinapierson please  the guy has already shown himself to be a complete toadie for trump  i ll bet y .
 realdonaldtrump well where is your gate ideas i mean you re the damn president so far you haven t had an idea once .
 realdonaldtrump donny boy you rejected bipartisan legislation on immigration giving you 25 billion for the border .
 realdonaldtrump while you throw children ripped out of their mothers arms into cages until you can force mexico to .
 billyturnbull4  chrisgafford73  joshuajslone  jordanliles  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump just like mexico was goi .
 richard86916444  ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump puppet   you should do your research on trade and economics this way .
 asteadwesley  maggienyt  wsj this is the liberal version of mexico will pay for the wall  only dumb ppl fall for these talking points.
 realdonaldtrump  i m going to build a great big beautiful steel reinforced concrete wall  and mexico is going to p .
grande  poderosa  e interminable    que as sea tu mente ante las adversidades     greatwall  muralla  murallachina .
 realdonaldtrump where is your border wall paid for by mexico you god damned con artist  .
forget the wall  what we need is guest workers policy  .
 abc avenatti best get into mexico before the wall goes up .
 anthonydflemons  kj60638  realcandaceo heres some from yall cult leadermexico will pay for wall and locking up .
 truthsayerduga1  rashidatlaib wrong  wrong  wrong  everything is about the origin of the orange  but because he s .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 donyspanky  kenvogel  dineshdsouza  whitehouse  barackobama it was agreed in usmca  replaced loss making nafta  th .
pig fake potus baby imbecile trump is a god dam liar about about southern border  amp  immigrants  dumb ass wall  its b .
the  us   department of  defense  revealed that it has  awarded slsco ltd  a contract to  build a  wall on the .
 unalienable76  robertjohndavi  potus maybe someday your president will read and follow the constitution  trump con .
mexico pays for the wall .
.
 blackout20  bloggingtheboys well  i haven t been to the great wall of china either  but i still know its much bett .
 democrats need to help our own instead of trying to look like the nice people they are not .
 realdonaldtrump q  so    before you lost control of the house    why didn t your red team get rid of the loopholes .
 realdonaldtrump let s tax the money sent to mexico  33 8 billion sent via migrants in the us  tax that and build the wall .
 realdonaldtrump some folks on this thread are unhinged  ignore the facts that potus is doing exactly what he promi .
 rychkidz16  eucalyptus61  lindseygrahamsc  seanhannity since when were facts irrelevant  i get it  only matter if .
 progfrog57  trinityresists we are not war with mexico   this is all about his racists wall that he said mexico wil .
 solidshadow101  eyedrfigueroa  czardaswun  raju  twitter  realdonaldtrump  potus the guy is an idiot man  he will .
 realdonaldtrump when is mexico going to pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall already stop complaining get the money from mexico we gave 400   billion dollars in .
 all of a sudden they want to tell us what we ve been screaming at them     nytimes the truth is already known it s .
 paulaconlon7  darkpresencesb  repadamschiff  1ironman2020 what happened to mexico paying for the wall  oh  yeah  t .
 realdonaldtrump you cant even manage the usa and you want to cross the ocean and intervene someone elses politic .
 realdonaldtrump  realdonaldtrump whatever happened to mexico paying for the wall  why are you so scared to release .
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum hes trying to build a wall  hes th .
 lumpylizar  durrplantrandem  mrnickharvey  realdonaldtrump its xenophobic  and racist  to describe a nation of pe .
 thebigwheel64 so the guy who said mexico would pay for a wall is telling the truth   the guy who said he would re .
 whitehouse ah  going back to the  keep your doctor     okay     better  cheaper beautiful healthcare      mexico will .
 dailycaller mexico would do well to build their own southern border wall .
 realdonaldtrump but the mall go to california build the wall around california let california become part of mexico.
 hestheman1  usneedslove  jacominasa  vikkiwendler  proudresister also important to note that trump says a lot of s .
her claim that  3 billion would be available for community spending without the amazon deal ranks right up there wi .
 saugramps  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he hasnt finished his four years yet  a de .
 secdef19 i agree   trump wants our border between mexico and us to look look gaza and the israeli border  just bec .
 and who s going to pay for the wall  mexico is going to pay for the wall  who s going to pay for the wall  mexico .
 realdonaldtrump sorry sir  thats just not true  the people of america know the truth about who built the wall  lon .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up       .
 disciple bill trump says everything he does is the greatest you ever seen    lol   bunch of horse shit  the best e .
 brookshunter12  jali cat  elissaslotkin  leaderhoyer  dnc  potus i figure mexico driving them up in busses should .
i look forward to seeing one of these concerning the fallacy that is the border wall  mexico paying for it via naft .
 petehegseth hegseth ignores trumps 7th grade antics  his constant lying  remember mexico paying for the wall    t .
 airborne173rd01  militarydotcom over 100k illegal s in a month is not bad  nothing for people in denial  i guess d .
good summary of the situation  seems from this that rather instead of a wall  put    into speeding up asylum decisi .
 yates jimmy  cassandrarules  realdonaldtrump oh you mean the real news as opposed  to state propaganda then yeah i .
nobody for 2 000 miles wants the wall  photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
maybe mexico has not paid for enhanced border security if you prefer that term over wall  think what we could h .
 neontaster  peabodypress  protraitdesign idk  didn t his supporters want mexico to pay for the wall         did they s .
so there is an increase of immigrants at the southern border  a wall doesn t seem to be the answer   .
if you tear down an old wall and you replace it in the exact same spot  its new wall  cooper chuckled  mexico s .
1 month and 7 days till mexico.
the second episode of our audio book  no wall they can build  demystifies the economic and political forces that pu .
 shopvintage  realdonaldtrump is hillary in jail  is obamacare dead  did mexico pay for the wall  oh yes  promises .
 apertura   wall street abre con marginal ganancia y el dow jones sube 0 01     .
 realdonaldtrump i think people are mostly concerned now with who is going to pay for the wall as it might not be mexico .
 lanceedwardschr  patriciathom10  danielfhart  marygod76284915  sengillibrand understanding  who said mexico was go .
 fox5dc can we please trade texas for mexico  then i would absolutely be in favor of a wall to keep these horrible fucks out of america .
 wsj trumps signature issue wasnt just a border wall it was havinh mexico pay for that wall  not 90  but 100   itll be so easy.
 lawwayitis26  kearnslady74  disgruntledbad1  pattigkrn  lampkin renee  bluerobotdesign  ginamarchwinsk1 .
6 promises trump has made about health care   politico   trump said insurance for everyone isnt this the same as m .
 bjp4india  amitshah we disagree with you      our ambition is all global citizens should be allowed to live wherever t .
 realdonaldtrump throwing out treason is a dangerous precedent  especially when talking about a wall that even you .
.
 dn433  whitehouse you forgot build the wall  lock her up  whos paying for it  mexico   etc  etc  etc  and if be .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 realjack after all is said and done  wouldn t it be lovely if mexico ends up paying for the wall and then some .
mexico will pay for the wall .
 marymackcomedy  the metal heart shaped figures on your wall are sacred hearts of jesus or mary from mexico probabl .
wait times at u s  mexico border soar as officers are reassigned to deal with migrants  hey  .
 realdonaldtrump whatever happened to making  mexico pay for the wall  .
 thehill  i am clean  amp  fully exonerated   and i m fighting to hide every bit of evidence that proves my innocence   .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 searod3  asiatater  7proudamerican  mymynags  nancy hamm1  rbigzs  heyitscarolyn  alley167  godfirstgina .
 j b cline  jimsciutto  yashar  kellyannepolls plenty of wall already built  a complete lie  mexico would pay for t .
the u s  immigration system may have reached a breaking point   news  media  democrats .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall   .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed  smartnews  .
mexico work on border wall continues near ciudad juarez  .
just a bit illegal unless given governor approval  militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald .
 jude5456  skynews  adamboultonsky there s another wall of money  between mexico and the us      david hasselhoff des .
the same thing with the wall  mexico will pay  we will build a wall big beautiful wall  oh wait i didnt mean litera .
so we went there        in our latest series   brihicks pandc and  laurenpetracca explore exactly what is happening .
  senatortimscott says its hard to understand the complexity without seeing it firsthand        you cant understand i .
although the wall provokes emotional reactions throughout the country  along the border  the issue is overwhelmingl .
the u s  has a security and immigration problem  but those who live along the border dont see either as a crisis  .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls as non  negotiable as mexico paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr  buildthewall  scottadamssays       money transmitter fee on remittances to mexico can .
 edkrassen  nonstopfunq and mexico will pay for the wall  right   trump says alot of things so the real question is .
trump appears to have only just learned how big texas is .
 lisastark351 so  trump is a failure on each and every front       national security   rule of law   nk denuke   mexico payin .
 kag2020patriots  docron2e  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump he said he had a healthcare plan that would cover everyone an .
 ihatecellphones  realdonaldtrump yeah  sure hon   like mexico will pay for that wall  lol.
 makessnap  ilhan  shaunking so  mexico is still paying for the wall .
 thehill really  you can trust me   mexico will build the wall   we re going to have insurance for everybody .
the head of  freedom and democratic belief       already  is  impact report  about wall construction in the border wi .
 realdonaldtrump  mitch mcconnell  paul ryan  are the reason that we do not have a wall   close the border  mexico .
 maryscavenger  greyluked i d be surprised but a friend teaching there had to explain to her  high school students  .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum did he get mexico to pay for the wall  from sea to shiny sea  .
it pays to stay  president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  b .
 eagles083  barackobama  thedemocrats  gop  realdonaldtrump mexico is not indirectly paying for the wall        .
yo did donald trump even watch game of thrones   what good is a wall gonna be when mexico sends their ice dragon to handle it    .
 realdonaldtrump i remember you said mexico would pay for the wall .
mexico pay for a great  great wall on your wife  i was down there  and snowing in new york  we should not sending people.
 realdonaldtrump   i will be the friend of the lbgtq community  i will not touch social security medicaid or medica .
 realdonaldtrump did mexico pay for your vanity wall yet .
 realluismireles honestly  i wouldn t blame mexico if they built a wall keeping americans out .
 anonys  motowndr  jbendery ever hear of sanctuary cities   we have tens of millions of people illegally in the us .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump donald trump   the mexican president     the american people   and the world is   laughing .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed  smartnews  .
 realchristsatan  trumpwarroom yes  mexico is paying for the wall .
at the border                                      us border wall with mexico takes many forms  few stop the daily fl .
 realdonaldtrump dear mr  president    if you really wanted to have mexico pay for the border wall you would end dir .
 realdonaldtrump you are without a doubt a very mean person  amp  the worst u s  president of all time  you shouldnt e .
 reddy03903108  alissa914  realdonaldtrump why     illegal border crossings have skyrocted under trump    the national .
 realdonaldtrump well  get mexico to build you a wall as you promised .
 realdonaldtrump wall that s going up is obama s wall   your campaign  mexico is paying  was a lie   what would you .
 kybelle1957liz  purposivist  cspanwj no  true  media reluctant to quote djt saying   mexico pay for wall   does no .
.
 nickebert5  anncoulter with palosis permission  amp  timeline his speech was mumbled to democratic majority in the ho .
 realdonaldtrump didnt you promise mexico was going to pay for your vanity wall .
 realdonaldtrump so you say mexico is paying for the wall  being a tough talker and a ass it stops immigration  oop .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he promised mexico would pay for the wall  .
this is what we need  i hope it grows to massive  s       bordercrisis      on u s  mexico border  patriot militia vow to p .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up      rubengluengas.
a mexican crossing lines   2 10 19 caravan wall climbers in tijuana bor     via  youtube .
 realdonaldtrump i m mexican  i have a visa to cross to the states  i personally think that what president trump is .
 realdonaldtrump you promised that mexico would pay for the wall.
when the solar minimum gets in full swing mexico will want the wall   .
 realdonaldtrump the american public doesn t want the  wall  monument to your ego  and they don t want to pay for i .
 realdonaldtrump this is absolutely disgraceful donny merkel       .
 realdavidhubble  realdonaldtrump mexico has to deal with the illegals who cant get across and no more money from u .
 mattyglesias we should make mexico pay for it  all of the diseases those caravan people are bringing with them cau .
 tracyl26210126  skywriter35  oldbowhunter45  billoreilly mexico has no southern wall  that border is  gt 500 miles of .
 kashby5722  msnbc drump to trump   audits    marla maples   affairs   grades   central park 5   mexico builds the wall   tax bre .
 paulgonzalesjr1  realdonaldtrump mexico has no southern wall  that border is  gt 500 miles of tropical forest  and th .
 realdonaldtrump you promised your supporters a wall  the democrats did not make that offer  also you said mexico w .
 the real laford  oann thinking that the usa car industry is looking fine atm  why not put some subcontractor produ .
this story quotes the  splc  and the  splcisevil  propaganda   dontbother         .
 deplorable jame  usmcliberal  realdonaldtrump yup mexico is basically paying for the wall since they cant come ove .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up   via  legitgov.
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up        citizens fighting the invasion   .
 speakerpelosi question why have you not removed the wall between san diego and mexico  you claim walls are immoral .
 realdonaldtrump why did you wait 2 years to address this  i know why  now you have someone to blame for your failu .
 realdonaldtrump i think you re more likely to read a reply to your most recent tweet  savage said something i ve s .
.
 realdonaldtrump just like your promise that mexico would pay for the wall   .
 the real laford  oann texas is a multicultural place for sure  everything is big there but the standard of living .
 realdonaldtrump you had 2 years of control and didnt build your promised wall mexico would pay for     now its t .
 johnnyo1378 that s because it was iran s own money we returned to them after holding it for over 30 years because .
 scott  hyman  rosie  nbcnews yes  the original wall that started as a campaign gimmick to remind the moron to talk .
 cdixon25 after mexico pays for the wall.
 sw ashman  chrisley usa  usa network do some fact checking trumpster on it being president obamas policy  even the .
 squawkcnbc if the president kept his promises to the american people where is our new health care  mexico paying f .
 navyjax2  trishwalker163  rabidcop109  repmarkmeadows how about mexico is paying for the wall   thats a out right lie.
trump appears to have only just learned how big texas is .
homegrown militia at the  mexico  border to protect against  migrant  caravanamigrante  gidd .
 realdonaldtrump isnt mexico paying for the wall  is this infrastructure week .
 lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump sure   when mexico pays for your wall .
 notcursede so if it s not a muslim ban  shouldn t they be upset with trump  that s what he promised  after all       b .
 nothing short of a crime against nature   us 1 billion for 218 miles of border wall that would drastically diminis .
 realdonaldtrump pull our soldiers out of afghanistan and put them on the mexico border where there is no functioni .
 dkap1955  sozoome1  jeffbezos  realdonaldtrump thats a good idea  they had no problem doing it to raise money for .
 the real laford  oann guys  just for the record here  is this wall between the us mexico the real confrontation  t .
 sanityreturn2us  realdonaldtrump that is a fence   it is not the wall trump promised mexico would fund  looks like .
 mitchellvii yes of course ill release my taxes i will never golf when ill be president  no time for that in .
 4freedomandblue  wendellpotter  presssec whos going to pay for it  whos paying for the trump tax cut while inc .
 realdonaldtrump what happened to mexico paying for the wall  no  no  no  its not going away  remember  you said th .
 ddale8 republicans are the party of healthcare is the were going to build a wall and mexico is going to pay fo .
 realdonaldtrump umm     you actually said mexico would pay for the wall   and they are just funneling people throu .
 heidinbc  nbcnews   starting off with his wall          youknowwhat        vicentefoxque kept mexico s promise    .
 marusweeney  realdonaldtrump what would you call it when the 9th says mexico is too dangerous for migrants and w .
 realdonaldtrump you just said yesterday that mexico wasnt allowing people to cross the border  did you change you .
 judgejeanine praise god we still have people like you that do what they can to keep the citizens of the united sta .
 realdonaldtrump go on  stop trade with mexico  they havn t paid for your wall  go on  please   i wanna see what happ .
 podsaveamerica thoughts on michael stern s strategy for yes wall  but mexico pay for it    usatoday.
 dplejeune  nytimes i can see a positive side to it  it is good for trump to have a right wing friend  so while isr .
pues nada que trump  bloqueara las transferencias de dinero para obligar a mxico a pagar el muro   .
 rstandiego  walshfreedom yep  and those are big ones   wall is being worked on  still probable it will end up cost .
 mickey80712917  onemind onelife  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum 1  promised mexico wa .
international bridge in brownsville  i have posted footage of that  we are usually calm down here and take things i .
 speakerpelosi  chrissyteigen  johnlegend so what is the big deal are y all going down to the border of mexico and .
 realdonaldtrump if you were correct about the border  why isnt mexico paying for your wall .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico won t let them through then a wall is a total waste of tax payers hard earned money .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up    breitbart .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  va  wired.
 donaldjtrumpjr does your father know about the federal reserve sending  33b to mexico for illegals each year  .
  no one is born hating another person because of their skin color  background or religion  it must be learned     .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 notwokieleaks mexico is going to want that wall  if he s elected .
 eagles083  barackobama  thedemocrats  gop  realdonaldtrump again   how is mexico  indirectly  paying for the wall  thats a lie .
 lfcnev how dumb must you be  and some of these peeps probably traveled to europe once in there lives  australia wa .
it s official  two contracts worth  976 million have been awarded to  american firms for the  construction of pres .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 nbcnews  nbcleftfield i lost my only daughter due to an overdose of illegal fentanyl laced heroin which is coming .
 realdonaldtrump remember your promises that mexico would pay for the wall .
the military could be tapped for the security at the border  but no  the dems push back against that idea  we use t .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  treason will be home to roost soon .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
 mikejspd76  vedgyb  dominic53392518  laurenunderwood  aoc black women make up three quarters of all pregnancy rela .
 disciple of q  kerryoleary4  tomfitton lol    i knew mainstream media lies to you  you don t really think we re ev .
funny how ya gotta go to a french website to get the true news        on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol unti .
 realdonaldtrump yay  when did mexico agree to pay for the wall          crooked news outlets never reported that  .
 potus present t  wants the wall to stop sex trade  amp  democrat fruads says sex slavery has no harm with letting kill .
 richardhine  mal carter1 need  a long term view of major fossil fuels effects     trump s  use of wall with mexico tries to evade reality .
it s about damned time to make mexico pay for the wall .
i love my country s citizenry    the absolute best  .
 realdonaldtrump and also why is mexico not paying for the wall like you bloody promised trump    please answer that you .
in the southeasternmost pocket of the us state of new mexico  with el paso  texas  to the east and mexico a stone s .
 lisa garmslisa i am so terribly sorry for your loss   it s time that we as a nation start addressing the failed na .
 realdonaldtrump  netanyahu if you like the zionists so much  give them a piece of the south border of your country .
 the emperors new wall and clothes  militia group pledges to patrol u s    mexico border until emperor  donaldtrump .
 poobin420  jali cat  speakerpelosi  senschumer  betoorourke  sengillibrand this is a fiction that magas are invent .
 altuspresssec i felt i was beating my head against the wall last weekend after talking to my elderly mother in can .
 maximus88589067  steph93065  realdonaldtrump we don t want to leave   our population was lied to by the head bange .
 realdonaldtrump our country is at risk especially here in new mexico where they just seem to be walking right thro .
don t be racist  be like a panda  they are white  black and asian  the   i will build a great great wall on our sou .
supercell  wall cloud on eastern slope of capulin volcano  new mexico  .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 nytimesworld american s love zionists  the idea is to give the zionists the south border near mexico and they ll b .
 babslisgarten  realdonaldtrump or getting mexico to pay for the wall    that negotiation went well too so i hear   .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 thegree20600288  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum greekie  how can i be misled when u s .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 iamjoshuaalade  civicusalliance  ngyouthsdgs  afrikaym  wfunayouthnet  peaceoneday  restlessdev  connected dev .
.
 sittingrobot  lordofhell17  ohiocrs mexico will pay for the wall  .
 herbert l reed  hisvann777 boom  wall paid for by mexico .
 realdonaldtrump when donjr said brexit and trump election are the same     i see comparison    let mexico pay for wa .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump the billions we are saving on the new trade agreement with mexico will pay for the the .
dont stop them  tax them  remittances re mexicos   1 import  let mexico pay for the wall  .
 kayms99  dakinetrader  seanhannity       we have walls where we need walls  we also have fences .
 pmgeezer show your taxes when mexico paying for the wall .
 lazyzimms  vickyflanagan10  bolin zbolin  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump hashtag research has the facts  and thin .
the u s  immigration system may have reached a breaking point    between fake news  democrats .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
according to the bloated orange cheeto  replacement wall is new wall  replacement wall is now considered .
 nevadajack2 yes   realdonaldtrump    stop all remittance payments to mexico      do it immediately  amp  until the following .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  they ll be keeping the people american doesn t want .
 madeincali72  thebeatwithari  arimelber  madisonsiriusxm  michaelsteele  shermichael   jaketapper  cspanwj one mai .
 theqrb  cascianojeri  rnredgirl  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump if it were even possible to erect this wall  do yo .
too bad that the white house is being so tough on mexico and the wall  the white house is likewise a brutal trading .
 gorakhargosh  majorwallop1  realcandaceo  realdonaldtrump fact is mexico not paying for wall.
 realdonaldtrump   have all american banks stop helping the illegals get their money to mexico  last year american .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
trump touts rising u s  border wall  proposes economic penalty on mexico           politics april 5  2019 5 11pm.
 repdancrenshaw or maybe because trump lied about mexico paying for his vanity wall   i mean he did say that right  .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up    on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  w .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder this shit make me so angry    i am so sick and tired of paying for this .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump like mexico paying for the wall   .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will not pay for any wall .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
from p amp c  us border wall with mexico takes many forms  few stop the daily flow of illegal crossings    chsnews.
 realdonaldtrump and mexico will pay for the wall   right    .
 realdonaldtrump im still waiting for hillary to be put behind bars as you promised and mexico paying for the wall .
 oppo taco13  martineem  pnwgal  hillreporter actually mexico is taking texas back  hispanics will majority in your .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed   shoot these mili .
what could go wrong  asking for a country   lawlessness  .
 iwv  potus  realdonaldtrump  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum well except for delivering on the economic promise tha .
 senronjohnson wow its skyrocketing under  potus isnt mexico paying for a wall .
 angelabelcamino  norwegiannice he promised he would build a wall to keep out the riff raff   and that mexico would .
 cnn  jimsciutto we should just trust him with our health care like we were supposed to trust him to release his ta .
 realdonaldtrump 100  right about what   mexico paying for wall  crime statistics of immigrants   which border most .
 oriolesfan833  charliespiering his strongest point is his nose  if he keeps lying   and his nose keeps growing  he .
 nevadajack2 he said mexico would pay for the wall        never doubt this man   maga.
bulid the wall  but mexico can have the oreos  and we keep the salsa        and we ll throw in elliott as a bonus after .
 martineem  pnwgal  hillreporter mexico said theyd pay for the wall if we keep texas.
 jennileigh1978 so    if they are building a wall    who is currently paying for it     us  or mexico .
 xohopefully  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump what s that i hear      is    is the president going to end .
for many of us who actually live along the u s  mexico border  the wall is simply beside the point    .
 jennileigh1978     no they don t  there is no wall  and mexico will not pay for it  why is hillary not in jail   .
rustic doors   merida   mexico   home decor   wall art   fine art photography   print   matted .
 jbspeak they will pay for it indirectly  through nafta  trump only needs to renegotiate a one third reduction in t .
 thehill another day  another broken campaign promise from  realdonaldtrump  just like mexico paying for the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump  netanyahu next time spend more time talking to mexico about when theyre going to pay for that wa .
 realdonaldtrump is this babbling nonsense supposed to be making a point  oh  right  brexit would have gone smoothl .
on u s  mexico border  patriot militia vow to patrol until the wall is up .
 realdonaldtrump if trump gets his wall built and mexico pays for it  he will be reelected  otherwise  he s just another blowhard failure .
on u s  mexico border  patriot militia vow to patrol until the wall is up .
pres trump i pray you will continue to build the wall  these illegals are paid in cash and in turn send their money .
 realdonaldtrump so mexico is paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump thought mexico was paying for the wall   .
 jennileigh1978  nickpetersontv  tomilahren  ilhanmn yo when is mexico gonna pay for the wall .
  ucp.
update  2  think kids  books don t need to cover politics  ok   though aus brazil mexico india books cover colonial .
trump hasn t created as many jobs as president obama did in each of the last 5 years of his presidency  no hc plan .
 realdonaldtrump just resign already     you say mexico will pay for the wall   now american tax payers will pay fo .
 latamfortrump  qtanon1  realdonaldtrump   iamanita d  sxdoc  rednationrising remember this   mexico will pay for t .
in todays  nuttynews tweetlines        fruiteefruit  illhanomarpress states  potustrump is building a wall to keep    .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall    so where is that at now  .
 anarchist rants  realdonaldtrump according to him mexico didn t need a wall to stop them and he thinks hispanics a .
watching reds weekly  im all for going to mexico and helping orphans but to say on tv you met some mexican guy i .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall     potus  i don t care ho .
 rsscott bp252  cajungooner  tomilahren the wall is a band aid that mexico was supposed to pay for  besides  the ma .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 tomilahren hey um tomi hun u do realize that a good majority of brown people from mexico latinamerica countries wh .
 donaldjtrumpjr  tony oakland mexico is paying for the wall   damn the trump family is full of liars .
 aaronpalane17  nobamadotcom  keeb81767152  jackposobiec  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall.
hillary clinton warned taxpayers that they d be paying for trump s wall  not mexico  and here we are   link  .
 realdonaldtrump go for it  protect us  close the border  build the wall faster  add drones   cut off all money and .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is going to pay for the wall  lolololol.
 noradunn  realdonaldtrump can t we lower trumps credit score for not coming up with the mexico money for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump so then youre getting mexico to pay for your wall .
 the1truedubs  walker11292  stevesp91449991  bettyhenderson7  robbiegramer  katcapps  realdonaldtrump  vp what othe .
 dancrenshawtx you re a reasonable person  my border security plan pays mexico to be  the wall   use an incentive b .
 realdonaldtrump look  you used to think that mexico was going to pay for the wall  you even wrote us a very sweet .
 realdonaldtrump  you claim youre a billionaire   why dont you pay for the wall         im sure mexico will happily .
 realdonaldtrump mexico was supposed to pay for the wall  remember          that democratic congress has done more .
 realdonaldtrump it will change    just like you said mexico would pay for a wall    doofus .
 realdonaldtrump pt barnum trump  where s the new trade agreement with china  where s the nuclear disarmament agree .
us mexico border map shows how hard it would be to build a border wall .
 mexico will not pay for donald trumps wall  your children will   2014ortoy    .
 realdonaldtrfan i have a good idea you mentioned about a wall in mexico but i think we should help the mexicans  b .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump weekdays wrong with you fool   mexico doesn t wasn t them anymore than we do so why st .
 realdonaldtrump you lied and said  mexico would pay for the wall  100  wrong  trump  most illegal drugs come throu .
 patriciathom10  lanceedwardschr  danielfhart  marygod76284915  sengillibrand bring to my attention the following p .
 realdonaldtrump democrats are for modern day technological border security  not a medieval wall that we were promised mexico would pay for .
he usurped congressional authority by declaring a national emergency to build a wall  mexico isn t paying  we are  .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump i bet you nobody believed mexico would pay for the border wall when we voted for him a .
 mscharliegirl75  rawstory  lisa simonetti just like the wall that mexico was supposed to fund  i want my payment in tacos and tequila .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
 realdonaldtrump does trump understand that hes going to be redrawing the border in texas   in mexicos favor        h .
 johnandrewpric1  realdonaldtrump so what   a wall will not stop this   the funds are needed elsewhere   trump said .
do you bear any responsibility at all for helping to elect such a menace to the highest office  mr conway       when he .
 breitbartnews pentagon could have saved that   but donald too scared to make mexico and latam pay a wall fee in al .
 nina 2025  realdonaldtrump congress gave him the authority to declare the emergency  you don t like it  that s why .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump oh by the way is mexico paying for the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump today is not about the wall  and mexico people but is about european people    all is good for you .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
i have had a thought    if potus made moves to deport the corrupt deep state players to mexico  i imagine it wouldn t .
 realdonaldtrump trump deals after 27 months       mexico wallno   the e u no   chinano   iranno   n k no   tradeno   healthc .
 realdonaldtrump of the three immigration bills voted on in 2017  the one with the most votes had the wall  paid fo .
 realdonaldtrump reminder  dems offered to build useless wall in exchange for daca  even though you lied that mexic .
 dhsgov  realdonaldtrump  cbp mexico will pay for the wall    .
militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico border until donald trump s border wall is completed .
 realdonaldtrump democrats are all about illegal votes and illegal voters    they are willing to make america a shi .
 leach deanna i wouldn t stop it  i d add a 25  charge  or higher at western union for every transaction from u s  to mexico  wall money .
why dont we just tell mexico we will consider failure to control the border an act of war        they build the wall  .
 rudygiuliani as meaningless as trump saying he would show us his taxes  or his grades in college  or that he is ok .
 realdonaldtrump you took an oath to protect the constitution where only congress can appropriate money  yet  you v .
if you disagree with the way he is running the country   the border to mexico is still open  better hurry   the wall is going up fast   .
 cnn  jimsciutto yes sure  and  mexico will pay for the wall .
 emoore777  nowthisnews  repjerrynadler then there is his major promise to build a wall to keep out immigrants comi .
you lied and lied and you re still lying  you bum    you said over and over that mexico would pay for the wall  rem .
 presssec  tom fitton wrote about  direct to mexico  federal reserve program where taxpayers subsidize illegal alie .
 madjack1967  kbakst  chad23377510  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump trumputin told you he would share his tax returns .
 realdonaldtrump mexico to pay for the wall right  even your republicans aren t supporting you  no blame on dems .
 judgejeanine judge  tom fitton wrote about  direct to mexico  federal reserve program where taxpayers subsidize il .
 realdonaldtrump  erictrump  laraleatrump i would suggest not building that wall  as we are full eric and lara may .
 senatortomudall  deptofdefense  potus sounds like the wall is a military construction project and part of it will .
 foramerica  donaldjtrumpjr potus can carry out plan for mexico to pay for the wall via 2 ways  1  cancel the  dire .
 tommybickles  donaldjtrumpjr one acronym usmca  look it up  mexico will be paying for the wall  with the tariffs t .
 kellyannepollsn  potus can carry out plan for mexico to pay for the wall via 2 ways  1  cancel the  direct to mexi .
so here s my idea  see    we build the wall  and then we put enormous chipper shredders at it  the biggest ever  an .
trumps health care will be paid by mexico after they pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump have israel send us refugees through mexico  democrats will build the wall as fast as they can       lol.
tax them and build the wall  mexico pays for it .
 realdonaldtrump the sooner you collect the money from mexico  as you promised  the sooner you can build your wall  .
 whitehouse mr  president  you can carry out your plan for mexico to pay for the wall via 2 ways  1  cancel the  di .
 realdonaldtrump wasn t the wall  not fence  wall  supposed to start building day 1 and mexico would pay for it  wh .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  you can carry out your plan for mexico to pay for the wall via 2 ways  1  cancel th .
 geekgirlfinds  abc13houston united states of america is playing galveston 789 million to help construct wall with .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump i think you  realdonaldtrump  was treasonous saying in your campaign that mexico was going to pa .
 realdonaldtrump lmao you said mexico would pay for a wall .
 realdonaldtrump why not redo the trade deal with mexico   instead of just a tariff  let them build a mexican wall .
 coltontingle2  dvrbi and just to burst another bubble  a wall will do nothing  most illegal immigrants overstay in .
 realdonaldtrump nothing more important than sovereign secure borders  the men  amp  women of cbp are the best in the w .
 kamvtv  realdonaldtrump i think cali should tearn their wall separating them from mexico  they should also let the .
 realdonaldtrump dont worry mexico is going to pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump then get mexico to pay for the wall like you said   this is on you  not the democrats .
 realdonaldtrump its treasonous that you are making the american people pay for a wall you promised mexico would pay for .
the people waiting for a jared kushner middle east peace plan will soon have a lot in common with the saps who boug .
 andylassner and mexico is paying for the wall .
 nrasmuss  tedlieu  gop a lie like mexico will pay for the wall  a lie like the report exonerated potus  a lie like .
work out an easement with mexico to build a  wall on the  mexico side of the boundary and staffed with us staff   t .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump you seem to think a wall is just a physical barrier  if mexico is helping to stop the .
 cbsnews mexico is paying for trumps wall too        .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump guess we dont need a wall if mexico will stop it all  whew  we can save that money and use it for .
 realdonaldtrump donnie donnie donnie   if you were 100  correct where is the check from mexico paying for the wall .
 bw4ll  kranberrysauce1  inthesedeserts  dancrenshawtx oh heck no  i lived in mexico   i know the horrors down in t .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls is that before or after mexico pays for the wall .
 judicialwatch  sentedcruz open borders are the most dangerous aspect of double standards by congress in braking th .
my thoughts artist wants to make america grate again  build u s  mexico border wall of cheese.
 1776reset  lenastuckgirl  shannaheee  hrtablaze  maddow  cnn  msnbc  abcpolitics  nbcnews  whoopigoldberg .
 realdonaldtrump what happened to that campaign promise you spouted over and over  mexico will pay for the wall  wh .
 strawlainie  mikeyoh21 separating children from their parents    and shutting down the government because mexico ref .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump u do realize mex will pay for the wall  but thats too hard for u to understand    we .
 qanon walking talking pancake he has flipped flopped on every issue  except huuuuuuuuuge tax cuts for fat cats  hi .
 bmisfit74  robfiacco1  aoc just so you know  the payment for the wall isnt going to come in the form one of those .
 1776reset  lenastuckgirl  cedar1900  hrtablaze  maddow  cnn  msnbc  abcpolitics  nbcnews  whoopigoldberg .
 cnn  jimsciutto kind of like mexico paying for the wall .
 lalalisam b i think mexico need the wall   not the other way around .
 karmatrumps  michael36213243  lockrousseau  8brianvogel4   fat nixon  mommabernice  mcginnkeven  thelmab06893137 .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay to build the wall not american taxpayers.
 lenastuckgirl  shannaheee  cedar1900  hrtablaze  maddow  cnn  msnbc  abcpolitics  nbcnews  whoopigoldberg .
 fox5dc fuck texas  we should give it back to mexico  let them live on the other side of the wall they want so badly .
 tee it up1  jeffreyguterman  donaldjtrumpjr  realcandaceo obama did not have sex with a porn star and lie  keep be .
would mexico allows the machinery on their side of the boarder  or will mexico get a bit bigger because the wall be .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump  gop oh  so mexico is paying for the wall  how did i miss that .
 gp38super  walshfreedom hmm   got wall built   no    make mexico pay for it   no    get rid of obamacare   not yet    re .
 maddowblog lets be clear  donald trump didnt live up to any of his promises        donaldtrump        didnt get mexico .
 cbsnews mexico should become part of the united states iam sure the people of mexico would revolt in favor of that  no need for a wall then.
 toddjclausen take the incentive away and the crowd goes back home or migrate south  implicitly mexico grows amp  effectively pays for  wall .
 realdonaldtrump  erictrump  laraleatrump lets be clear  donald trump didnt live up to any of his promises  .
 jnicks805  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump i m sorry but when the same guy that says windmills cause cancer says som .
though president  realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  .
just watched beck on hannity   he seemed to have command of border wall crisis being managed by a church in chicago .
 realdonaldtrump did mexico pay for the wall.
photographing all 2 000 miles of the us mexico border .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired    via  shareaholic.
 realdonaldtrump yes we remember you promised mexico would build a wall  we remember the lie very well .
and one wants to tear down the wall we already have with mexico .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
 ryanhillmi mexico is already paying for the wall you little sheep    thru the new nafta now called usmca    but sh .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up   sadly they can t touch em  bp gets em and catch and .
does mexico pay robin lehner s salary because he s been an absolute wall in this game .
 realdonaldtrump you campaigned on mexico paying for the wall  theyre not  also   where are the glory holes .
 realdonaldtrump you also incorrectly said mexico would pay for the wall .
 cnn  jimsciutto trump also said mexico would pay for the wall  no time for golf  wouldnt cut medicare  no campaig .
 vinsetala baaaahaaaaaa  is mexico paying for that wall  how s trumpcare working out   impeachtrump  fakepresident.
 realdonaldtrump is mexico paying for the wall .
bitch trump really greedy  he hate colors race becuase he wants to block the wall where boarders mexico   i not hap .
my thoughts on building a wall along our border with mexico  via  youtube.
 petew159  seanhannity you mean like that wall mexico was going to pay for  how about that 10  tax cut for the midd .
 senblumenthal fence     not wall        either way so much for mexico paying for it .
 heytammybruce  realdonaldtrump trump would never lie  he has not told one single lie ever   sure  donthecon we bel .
 dvdrbrt  wordswurdsweird  seanmdav uknow i really think he kept saying that just to irritate you and democrats and .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump yep you sure right about mexico paying for the wall .
 seanhannity  lindseygrahamsc  jim jordan  saracarterdc democrats ordered the treasonous spying     democrats don t w .
mexico should be putting up a wall  don t want these americanisms leaking over  freaks .
 karmatrumps  michael36213243  lockrousseau  8brianvogel4   fat nixon  mommabernice  mcginnkeven  thelmab06893137 .
 realjameswoods who ordered the spying     obama   clinton     maybe that s why democrats don t want a wall  they just .
 cj37701809  tomilahren  rsscott bp252 they re not eligible for welfare  that s a myth  besides  i thought mexico was paying for the wall .
 jrlarryw  wordswurdsweird  seanmdav he lied about mexico paying for the wall   that s a big lie  we now have to fo .
 joelps3478  sensanders i thought mexico was paying for the wall .
 calbear g  mammal365  jkbk1316  kierspel  profootballtalk translation   mexico won t be paying for a wall.
 realdonaldtrump remember when you said mexico will pay for a wall   yes  that never happened  nor will it  speakin .
 gavinnewsom build the wall around california but leave it open for ya at mexico.
 carriecordero  collinsdesta  folks    the paper was illegal  mueller is illegal  it was obama  he s illegal  the f .
 realdonaldtrump didnt you say you would not sign exectuive orders  along with no golf  mexico will pay for the wall   .
 realdonaldtrump is everybody your alternate realty friends  since you always talk the opposite of your true feelin .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum really  then why cant we see his taxes or the mueller .
 thehill his finances are very clean   his father was born in germany and mexico is going to pay for the wall has t .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum what a silly thing to say       mexico isnt paying for th .
 realdonaldtrump and mexico will not pay for the wall like you promised from the beginning .
 iwv  potus  realdonaldtrump  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum trump has not built a single foot of new wall    mexico .
 wdbj7 wow  so much for mexico paying for the great wall of trump   and sooo many bought that line hook  line  amp  sinker     sad.
 stevenmnuchin1  cnbctheexchange via the low life  complicit  munchin vladimir putin  has decided that president tr .
 thedemocrats turn the wall down for good there is ancient indian burial ground in mexico.
 cnn if trump had his way  the us   mexico border would look similar to that which stands between north and south k .
 anitakumar01  vp is he gonna pick up the check from mexico for the wall while down there  maybe they can divert .
 reptedbudd  gopleader  housegop the  gop that passed one very unpopular law in the two years they had control of a .
 moonus1960  donaldjtrumpjr sorry but there is a huge difference between pay and pay   did you actually believe m .
 summertonnorman  stephenharris15  soren lindsay  presssec he hasnt achieved any results  businesses continue to f .
.
 speakerpelosi  chrissyteigen  johnlegend about go to mexico and look at the wall      america need help.
 jackposobiec  realdonaldtrump build a useless wall  deny asylum to anyone from mexico and south  and develop a  me .
 realdonaldtrump put your wall and take  hp from mexico if they are thieves.
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  tomfitton put your wall and take  hp from mexico if they are thieves.
 realdonaldtrump mexico was going to pay for the wall   remember    .
 realdonaldtrump what happened to mexico will pay for the wall   remember that    .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up   .
 donaldjtrumpjr i thought mexico was paying for  the wall  was that a lie .
 java33zurda  senschumer you do realize every politician benefits financially from foreign government  right     wh .
 donaldjtrumpjr so its ok with you that funds are being stolen from defense for a wall that mexico was going to pay for .
 alicekessinger  brucealrighty45  bigwendy01  realdonaldtrump maybe thats how mexico will pay for the wall  nice .
 iwv  potus  realdonaldtrump  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum really    did mexico pay for the wall  did he surround .
one law for immigration  stepping on usa soil does not mandate processing  if person is on mexico side of barrier w .
one law for immigration  stepping on usa soil does not mandate processing  if person is on mexico side of barrier w .
 anthemrespect  chatbycc we shouldn t trust mexico any more   close the border and build the wall  this is the best way to stop invasion .
one law for immigration  stepping on usa soil does not mandate processing  if person is on mexico side of barrier w .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump you havent proposed anything but a stupid wall that you lied would be paid for by mexico .
one law for immigration  stepping on usa soil does not mandate processing  if person is on mexico side of barrier   .
 gop yet the  gop has no plan  zero solution and no replacement  just  potus  realdonaldtrump saying itll get done .
 senblumenthal who is going to pay for that wall     uh  mexico .
 robfiacco1  nikkytietz  aoc lets see    mexico will pay for the wall   tax breaks are coming for the middle class .
 nydailynews    but the wall the caravan the migrants the southern border  pentagon rewards trump with billions of    .
 realdonaldtrump we should stop building the wall  those people in mexico are not safe  we should give the mexicans .
 kkatmiss  rosie  alyssa milano  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  hillary will go to prison windm .
hey assembled media   trump said mexico would pay for the wall  remember that  there was never any doubt that he co .
the us treasury is  us  the taxpayers  companies associated with trump s businesses  including russian steel  are a .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
bears are returning to the lone star state decades after being wiped out there  but a border wall between the u s  .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump did you really think that mexico was going to write a check for the wall  i don t thin .
 marklevinshow on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  yes     .
then if mexico is that dangerous we need to shut down the border and build that wall .
 msnbc go figure      you cant break the law  amp  assault people you dont like   by the way  realdonaldtrump   just .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump quite honestly mexico should be paying for the wall its their citizens who are breaking in.
 sentoddyoung your a jackass in a party that has fd american progress for 3  decades       your leader s trade tariffs .
 border  photography .
 kkatmiss  rosie  alyssa milano  realdonaldtrump in the last few weeks hes claimed his father was german and that .
 davejshea  donaldjtrumpjr good thinking einstein  a really stupid thing to say especially since it s our banking s .
why we need a wall  because of the crime in mexico  the democrats are all wrong about the wall  .
 jdoedoe101101  xenemize  jdanielpa   el gasto gubernamental creci     .
 carlosv77424716  danielfhart  marygod76284915  sengillibrand who told america  mexico was paying for the wall  us .
 realdonaldtrump around the same time you said mexico would pay for the wall  .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 seanhannity  lindseygrahamsc  jim jordan  saracarterdc cant repeal obamacare    cant replace obamacare   cant build .
 realdonaldtrump you said mexico will write you a check to pay for that wall  you are taking ll of that money from .
 realdonaldtrump 1   no      2   i think your version of  everybody  is a number you can count on your fingers      3   i g .
 whitehouse cant repeal obamacare    cant replace obamacare   cant build the wall   cant get mexico to pay   cant keep .
and mexico will pay for the wall  .
 herbert l reed  vickiha08202081  potus  realdonaldtrump  about time                                 western union is m .
 ericswalwell fentanyl is more dangerous and taking more us lives per year than semi automatic weapons  most of it .
 realdonaldtrump it s nice that mexico is doing your job for you  and even with those illegal tariffs you put on th .
 cloydrivers no wall  mexico not paying for it  hillary not locked up  tax cut for rich but no you  etc .
 dumpsterfire 45  vasilisah  cobssybil  lindseygrahamsc isis or isil as your buddy would reference them or jv team .
 realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall  everyone is saying it now  that was 100  of the promise you made  i .
 herbert l reed just tax the money sent back to mexico  and use to  you guessed it  build the wall .
 joelsh12  vasilisah  cobssybil  lindseygrahamsc apparently you only see embellished campaign gestures when the guy .
 nydiavelazquez  aoc  repgregorymeeks  repkathleenrice  ilhanmn  repjayapal dems are joke   give american jobs to m .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump it s been a 2 yr nightmare with a pathological liar who has alienated our allies  made .
 earthsguynow  seanhannity the wall national emergency was bs  what happened to mexico paying .
 realdonaldtrump stop the illegal immigration  there must be something you can do  use the money you were going to .
 lonniehicks10  barackobama  thedemocrats  gop  realdonaldtrump it is and everyone but you and your leftist idiots .
 penelope7usa  realdonaldtrump i liked the way melania looked   we aren t all upwardly mobile jet setters like ivan .
 gabosalazar21  jacmotorsmx ojal puedas investigar algo de los autos de great wall  hay un distribuidor que los es .
 tcirishfan75  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump cnt wait for that wall mexico is paying for  cant wait till aca is rep .
33 billion dollars sent to mexico last year by mexicans living in our country  if we want to pay for the wall we ne .
 unfollowtrump if mexico won t let people through the border  there s no further need for that stupid wall  right .
 dontatmebehappy  judydav14825432  cwessel16  weareinittowin1  judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  tomfitton prove it s .
 infrastructure  in border states can then also include the wall and wall maintenance  which means trump can fulfil .
 gregabbott tx every time  you guys say it s going  to  benifit americans  we get  screwed  no thanks    empty  campa .
 kelliecevans1  ebolady  markknoller  jonkarl  majorcbs  acosta  halliejackson what barriers are you talking about  .
 realdonaldtrump taxic 45 you could have  done you re so call wall when you had the house  amp  the senate for 2 years .
 kellyannepolls trump stated he was going to give us medical coverage and mexico was going to build the wall what happen fake news.
 ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump if mexico is too dangerous for the illegals  maybe we should build a damn wall on t .
 realdonaldtrump  cnn you promised you would release your tax returns as soon as the audit was done  you promised t .
this golf ball display case holds 40 golf balls  has two nice hangers on back to hang it up on the wall  come and c .
 potus trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall     time to do it  mr .
 say that trumps repeated denigration of mexico over the years  including his insistence on building a border wall .
a shockingly clear eyed take on the immigration crisis  when even open borders  nytimes is exasperated with the ove .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls sure  and mexico is paying for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall    .
 jrlarryw  robertfinney14  wordswurdsweird  seanmdav trump told us that mexico would pay for the wall  he literally .
 tony kubiak  msnbc hey you said promise s made and promises kept what happens to mexico paying for wall    instea .
 lotsofuss  hockeyfangirl12 whispers and mexico was paying for that wall that would be built day one.
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  we don t need the federal reserve  it has sent over 33 billion to mexico in 2019  t .
 jaketapper  ryanobles  theleadcnn it will pay for itself    he is planning on using the same plan trump used to have mexico pay for the wall .
tax the remittance payments from illegals to mexico  amp  central america at a 50  rate  that will pay for the wall muy .
but we should trust mexico to stop this         deploy the troops  close the border  authorize deadly force  cease all .
 realdonaldtrump this is how it is governed by confronting the problems that affect the nation with determination a .
 realdonaldtrump  netanyahu in case you haven t figured it out  i think you got the idea for the wall from israel w .
 toxicexplodley  fredpilled  flowerp94313730  prageru  realcandaceo who the fuck cares what she said  trump said me .
 realdonaldtrump you were 100  correct    whaaaat    when did mexico announce they were paying for the wall  as you pro .
trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wall .
 realdonaldtrump when is mexico paying for the wall  never.
 gtadatylicker  donaldjtrumpjr and i could give two cents about mexico paying for the wall  it was funny  but some .
 kiltyjeremy trump 2016 campaign promise    mexico will pay for the wall.
analysis  the border is broken  and theres no plan to fix it   we have a president who does .
trump 2016 campaign promise    mexico will pay for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump yes  baby potus we do remember  you promised you would get mexico to pay for the wall  we also rem .
 brian96784737  lisamei62 how did you like mexico paying for the wall   there was plenty of ass kissing by drumpf t .
 realdonaldtrump mexicos also not paying for the wall  promises made  promises broken .
 realdonaldtrump fact  trumps wall cant be built on the actual border of texas   the middle of the rio grande  it .
a door to mexico  because his library is attached to his wall  intrumpspresidentiallibrary.
 realdonaldtrump i thought you said mexico was going to pay for the wall .
the current exhibition at galeria omr is extraordinary  large woven tapestries  drawings direct on the wall  so vib .
 mkraju 2016   i ll be happy to show my tax forms   most beautiful healthcare ever    make mexico pay for the wall  .
trump continues to lie about everything   he said mexico would pay for the wall  but now he is making the us milita .
 politico were the 3 mexicos involved  now that mexico has 2 other countries they can surely afford to build the wa .
i am in support of this effort 100   there should be a call to defend our borders   on us mexico border  militia vo .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up    the only question is   what would honk honkler do     .
 learntoflyva  antonelli law it s almost like you think the only immigration policies in place are for mexico  i e  .
hey just in  mexico finally agreed to pay for the wall  under 1 condition  i think i like these terms   mag  moves  .
trump visited the border to celebrate his  new wall   it actually dates back to the obama era   via  aflores.
 thehill he doesn t count the billions of dollars in bailouts for farmers  can he count  did mexico pay us for the wall yet .
 virginiafoxx  housedemocrats you should cut the out of control military budget and not pay for a stupid wall that .
 realdonaldtrump would mexico  being that its too dangerous to migrate to for americans  be a threat existentially .
 realdonaldtrump everybody   hm    like    which  everybody  are you talking about     vicentefox who said mexico was .
build the wall and make illegals pay for it  most of the  33 billion in remittances to mexico flow via u s  govt  b .
bright coloured bike   campeche   mexico   home decor   wall art   fine art photography   print   matted .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls and mexico is paying for the wall .
most of the  33 billion in remittances to mexico flow via u s  govt  banking program  via .
trump  build us a wall to block all this west texas wind  new mexico sand is immigrating to texas  i almost got ass .
spend it on the wall       feds seize  178k in cash at california mexico border   .
 julie kelly2 he said mexico would pay for the wall   he lied     he said he would repeal and replace obamacare   he .
so   if mexico isn t letting people through  doesn t that mean that there is no emergency at the border and that th .
 sportsguy rich  cnbc 25 million would do nothing  the billions for that wall that mexico isn t paying for would though .
 realdonaldtrump hold mexico accountable  it s their southern border that needs a wall     hurt mexico economically a .
 gopleader  housegop  speakerpelosi show me our health insurance that trump promised americans   show me the money .
 realdonaldtrump i guess we will soon be hearing you keeping your promise of mexico paying for the wall .
 breitbartnews why do we care what that communist thinks  well why she aint nothing to americans who wants there ch .
 clockworkdan  nbcnews if it was 1 000 in 10 300 days of the walls existence 0 1 person per day 3 per month  that w .
 soonerman mike  jamesdubhthaigh  yvonnegenochio  cnnpolitics  repjerrynadler  housejudiciary yeah his promised to .
the nyt went from  the wall is ridiculous  to today s front page story  in a span of two months  .
 .
 realdonaldtrump trump says border is being fixed  mexico is not letting anyone through  good  now we don t need a wall .
where do i sign up       on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexicans in .
 realdonaldtrump does this look familiar  you are a liar and a truly worthless leader  if you had any common decenc .
militia vow to patrol until  wall is up     .
 jews4trumpusa  washingtonpost oh there s lots of ways to pay for things  but we both know what he meant by  mexico .
 via  nytimes.
 jews4trumpusa  washingtonpost this is your problem       you think that if trump says it  it s somehow proof  it s not .
 realdonaldtrump everybody is now acknowledging that  right from the time you announced your run for president  you .
if we tax this money as it leaves the us  we could more than pay for the border wall      most of the  33 billion i .
 alamnyoba na dalawang kumpanya ang napiling magtayo ng border wall sa pagitan ng amerika at mexico        ito ang slsc .
 cbsnews mexico is also paying for trumps wall.
 nbcnews trump  amp  dan patrick didnt have 7th grade texas history to learn that the actual border with mexico is the .
 realdonaldtrump your word is worthess  its pure crap  mexico will pay for the wall  i only have the very best peo .
 realdonaldtrump what is hilarious  no sad  is you do not even know the president of mexico s name    i saw you str .
 realdonaldtrump constantly spinning lies  you were all about a 40 concrete wall that mexico would fund  nobody ev .
armed members have a small camp in new mexico    .
 donaldjtrumpjr right in front of our eyes the presidents idiot son revels on the fact that his father pillaged ou .
 kevlar2283  timlambertnet  aanlyan  top sergeant  jeeastwood63  realdonaldtrump mexico is paying for the wall    i w .
so is mexico still paying for the wall  havent watched the news lately lol.
 foxla seriously mr   potus45    in 1954 president eisenhower s operation wetback had illegals self deporting  w o .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump the wall will be paid by mexico   trade deals  energy    he is always ahead of you  he .
though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexicans in .
breaking   realdonaldtrump to start deporting democrats  mexico responds by starting to build most of the border wall .
 donaldjtrumpjr yes  your health care going to build a wall  get your wallet out america  your paying  not mexico  lies trumpsters  wake up .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  100        100       100       mexico will pay for the wall .
 zebop bernies medicare 4 all is his answer to trumps well build a wall and mexico will pay for it  his fans a .
 marcushjohnson trump said mexico would pay for the wall while bernie said medicare for all without any specifics o .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall.
 realdonaldtrump give president  trump  the benefit of the doubt as some things take time   we have become such a m .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border   wired .
 briankolfage  sheriffclarke  realdonaldtrump  webuildthewall  donaldjtrumpjr  sarahpalinusa  gehrig38 brian  why c .
 cs00582sc  realdonaldtrump that wall not tall enough  mexico should spray it with oil .
trump s retreat from closing the border  more proof that when it comes to making deals  trump is a bust .
 realdonaldtrump i remember mexico was going to pay for the wall   hows that coming along  by the way  the bigge .
 jagdavies well  you know america  the world s  morality  police       do as we say  not as we do       the people .
why  well now your paying taxes back because you had put in your exemption base on the old tax code while trump tax .
 whitehouse donald trump is an ignoramus  a serial liar and treasonous  labor only needs to look at the trump gop h .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump mexico might not write a check for the wall  but they will write one for tariffs which .
photographing all 2 000 miles of the usmexico border  via  wired.
 realdonaldtrump and who is going to pay for the wall    the idiots would answer mexico.
have you  realdonaldtrump received the check from mexico for the wall yet  hopefully its a blank check since the p .
la bolsa culmin con prdidas  desligndose del comportamiento de las plazas en wall street        .
 moavelli  talbertswan well mexico is paying for the wall  your taxes will be so simple they can be filed on a post .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
as a presidential candidate trump proposed a plan to get mexico to fund a border wall by cutting off remittance pay .
though president trump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall  mexicans in .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump when did mexico pay for it s own people even  if you stop the kidnappings the abuse of .
 longislandjones  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum sorry all the stupid people dont real .
 donaldjtrumpjr proof that donald j  trump lied his arse off about knowing how to get mexico to pay for the wall  .
 latamfortrump  lexa merica  realdonaldtrump   iamanita d  sxdoc  rednationrising mr  trump if you help us get amlo .
 enjoy movement  cheesewall com support artist cosimocavallaro  art installation  project  progress  wall border te .
 ifdonaldtrumpwassmart mustve have known that mexico was not paying for his stupid wall .
 realdonaldtrump i think the turning point was when mexico sent us the check for the wall .
 gopchairwoman  gop  realdonaldtrump we have secure borders  the same ones for the last 240  years  what we dont h .
.
my friend just said shes going to mexico and shes gonna see the wall      should i tell her .
 speciale3886 so  your not happy  no wall and no tangible tax cut  oh well  plus  trump is robbing numerous agencie .
 donaldjtrumpjr shocker thought mexico was going to send a check  where is daddy going to get his workers from if t .
 realdonaldtrump so mexico is paying for that wall .
 realdonaldtrump why didn t you solve the fake emergency when  republicans controlled the house and the senate        c .
 markedwardspen2  mckechniee  caillin justice  adamcbest  realdonaldtrump hey  how s the wall payment from mexico c .
trump proposed to get mexico to fund a border wall by cutting off remittance payments from mexican migrants in u s  .
 raw stew  realdonaldtrump hell say he never said it and his deranged supporterswhats left of themwill believe .
 realdonaldtrump trump has lied over 9000 times since taking office       he lied about the caravans  he lied about mex .
he read my mind  should have done that years ago        trump  i ll block money transfers to force mexico to pay for wa .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump hmmm no   mexico isnt paying for the wall  no big beautiful health plan in the works  .
militia s vow to patrol until  wall is up   .
what a d mn joke this has become      illegals cross in broad daylight in playa  mexico putting two children at risk a .
 d samtx1029  justicedems have you noticed a pattern here  trump promises a free  8 billion wall that somehow mexic .
 eaglekeeper15 2 you conveniently leave out the brand new welfare class he created with his trade bullshit  border .
 jonlemire  chrislhayes mexico will pay for the wall and i will release my tax return  amp  i will pay off the deficit   lie  lies  amp  more lies .
 sensanders and given that our current gdp is about 20  of the economy  if it gets implemented into law it will tan .
 breitbartnews i would suggest to the weakest link on  will and grace  that she demand that the boarder wall betwee .
 dms1765  repgosar thats comical coming from a party that has no health care plan to partner with their plan for m .
 billmalcolm9  realdonaldtrump reminder     trump promised mexico would pay for the wall.
las bolsas de valores en mxico cerraron la sesin con prdidas  contrarias a los ndices en wall street    .
i just have one question    what happened to the wall     you know the one  mexico was supposed to pay for it     trump s .
he didn t fulfill his promises even with a gop senate  amp  congress  he definitely won t next time around  no wall  ri .
 flashpack99  alexnazaryan  realcandaceo  rickperlstein  nixonlibrary google  leeatwaters deathbed apology to democ .
 realdonaldtrump  cnn  abc  nytimes  washingtonpost  msnbc  cbsnews  foxnews  ap  reuters  bbcworld trump you force .
 acarole thanks        n  mxico has always seemed friendly to me         ive never seen a wall on our border as i recall  .
 33 billion per year  wth   this federal reserve bank special program  directo a mexico created by george w  bush .
mz nancy travelled to mexico to meet with the then president of mexico   that group of democraps paid  100 000 000 .
 realdonaldtrump  i fought back hard against this phony  amp  treasonous hoax     how about fighting the phony  amp  treasono .
 thedemocrats other presidents  amp  democrats were for the wall  amp  securing our borders  since trump has been in office .
 realdonaldtrump you said mexico was paying for the wall  i don t think you know that  100  correct  means  .
 supergrobanite  realdonaldtrump there s parts of the border that don t have a wall  you can just walk right across .
god bless these real patriots  on us mexico border  real american militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 blumke terri  senblumenthal he promise was that mexico would pay for the wall  how is that working out .
 tomilahren did trump get mexico to pay for the wall yet   yeah  i didnt think so   its not the democrats  its h .
 atrupar poll finds u s  mexico border residents overwhelmingly value mobility  oppose wall   .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum  ifdonaldtrumpwassmart he never would have promised me .
 realdonaldtrump right from the beginning you said mexico was going to happily pay for a wall  .
 rivers1255  janeagainsttru1  mackmahoney  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump sure  mexico has a pretty bad poverty prob .
 realdonaldtrump and mexico will still not pay for the wall .
 jllgraham  invisiblehand78  dailycaller 18 miles  your god trump promised a great big wall paid for by mexico  but .
 robert4787 think about it  why is the wall really being built  besides the fact to stop drugs  amp  illegals from comi .
 shellycov  gatewaypundit maybe it s time for mexico to put up a wall  or at least a fight at their southern border to stop this shit .
yesterday podcast re  immigration   middle eastern illegals coming in through mexico   trump failure to come through on .
 jillefriedman  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he does have a health plan and mexico i .
 eagles083  barackobama  thedemocrats  gop  realdonaldtrump building an ineffective  wall that mexico was supposed .
 realdonaldtrump wait   i thought mexico was paying for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump 100  doesnt account for mexico paying for the wall  do you know what 100  means .
 realdonaldtrump well good  if mexico will not let people through  then you dont need a damn wall.
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum clueless   mexico isn t paying for the wall  there is .
instead of building a wall for mexico lets just build a wall around coolidge .
 realdonaldtrump people in mexico are stealing pieces of the wall to make fun of you   .
 soonerman mike  jamesdubhthaigh  yvonnegenochio  cnnpolitics  repjerrynadler  housejudiciary right just like mexic .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum i m sorry  did i miss something  is mexico paying for .
texas border wall  galveston company awarded  789 million to help construct wall with mexico .
instead of a wall between the us and mexico can we just make a wall between california and oregon so they stop moving here  .
el  ipc cierra con prdidas y se desliga de wall street   .
 realdonaldtrump wait a minute          you said    mexico would pay for the wall        you said    you wouldnt have time .
 itsjefftiedrich thats a big ole duuuuuuh  i walked by a windmill 2 days ago while helping rake a forest floor and .
 arrockk  lewronccc  rowaida abdel self explanatory    .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up     .
 abcmatt  build a prison and make  cjtfoir pay for it  is the new  build a wall and make mexico pay for it  .
all of this just so the president can score a few political points with the most racist part of his voting base   b .
 realdonaldtrump if nancy pelosi thinks walls are immoral  tear down the wall around her vineyard and removed the w .
galveston construction firm awarded a nearly  800m defense contract to build a border wall in new mexico .
mexico is not paying for a wall  but it is clamping down its southern border  since 2015  mexico has deported more .
 oceansskies i afraid myself before donald trump  his character  his evidenced lies  his wrong statements in speech .
we must have a court ruling blocking this dumba   9th circuit and get a supreme court ruling if necessary  the bril .
mexico is not paying for a wall  but it is clamping down its southern border  since 2015  mexico has deported more .
whaaaaat     ummm  didn t  potus45  realdonaldtrump say   we re gonna get rid of obamacare           defundobamacare cave .
something i needed to get off my chest for a while this like  don t give a fuck if people think this is a retarded .
analysis  the border is broken  and theres no plan to fix it    nyt lies again   yes  there .
 presssec  speakerpelosi those democrats that don t want the wall should be made to go live in mexico for 6 months .
photographing the border along its 2000 miles .
 rothfusscpa  georgesoros  realdonaldtrump a 100ft tall  100ft deep wall  coast to coast would stop the invaders an .
 realdonaldtrump i am a us citizen i do not agree with your racist viewpoint and personally know 1000s of people wh .
 realdonaldtrump well then  if mexico is doing such a good job keeping up and not letting people thru  there should .
 realdonaldtrump the democrats must think about the construction of the wall  the time will give the reason to pres .
 realdonaldtrump  veggieveganreci really  because as far as i remembered mexico was going to pay for the wall not c .
 realdonaldtrump did mexico pay for the wall   nope   you lied about the wall and the tax scam  mueller did not cle .
 anonymousada  tjaroz  gop  potus raping americans financially to pay for a wall that a moron businessman convinced .
 marcorubio  debber66 build wall then talk about illegals   not until wall is built  turn the ones away thats at b .
mexico is paying for the wall correct  .
 radiofreetom  djrothkopf who s trusting trump   i promise you  mexico will pay for the wall   did these people giv .
 markknoller wasn t mexico paying for this wall .
 realdonaldtrump   you said mexico would pay for a wall  .
by 2020 trump will have a cuban crisis on his hands only this time russia is run by a guy with more than a shoe to .
 senblumenthal his campaign promise was  mexico was going pay for the wall   not america taxpayers .
the dep t of defense awarded two contracts worth nearly  1 billion on april 9 for the construction of border walls .
wall street cierra con leve ganancia tras minutas de la fed  .
 realdonaldtrump did you not say that mexico would pay for the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  i promise you  mexico will pay for the wall  lies from day one  you .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up       vi .
 realdonaldtrump right from the time i announced my run for president  i was 100  committed to having mexico pay fo .
 charliespiering  lindakws1 maybe he ll get freakin  lost and roam  like an orange buffalo  into mexico by mistake  .
militia vow to patrol until  wall is up          drudge report plus   .
 ifdonaldtrumpwassmart mexico would have paid for the wall .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he promised his tax returns  cheaper and better insura .
his laying down the predicate for explaining why he has only constructed 50 feet of new  permanent  fencing  with t .
 realdonaldtrump except   mexico isnt paying for the wall .
 jmckinney90  gop at least im not dumb enough to believe mexico is paying for wall  hell show his taxes  never go .
 david leavitt into the promises made  fuck those promises bin  along with mexico paying for the wall  tax cut won  .
 restorehopeas1 with a name like  garcia   you worship a pathological liar who promised mexico would pay for his wa .
excuse yourself from the argument bud  i live on the border too and the argument is out and done that drug  amp  human .
 realdonaldtrump so  my take away is that you don t know what the word  everybody  means  which is embarrassing  an .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
feds seize  178k in cash at california mexico border  this should be going to the wall fund   .
 jilevin how many times did  realdonaldtrump promise he would release his tax returns   just like mexico was going to pay for the wall .
 ldallan4  angela14777869  realdonaldtrump  netanyahu proved them all wrong          mexico is not paying for the wall .
use the drug money to build the wall        and rebuild mexico after getting rid of the corruption       and many  mexi .
 realdonaldtrump yes  who is paying for the wall again mexico .
 clarewharris  ladyhawkerfinds  msactiviss  trumpet1984  mrscottlads  landseernewfie  grootresists  drbashir2018 .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum if this is true  then why isnt mexico paying for his wall why why why.
  flotus  please tell    realdonaldtrump  icare about his  taxreturns i cared in 2015  amp   icare in 2019  icare more ab .
the two companies awarded nearly  1 billion in pentagon border wall contracts in  yuma and  elpaso have already fin .
 cnn  jimsciutto promises promises   after or before mexico builds the wall.
 therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall before draft dodging donny gets to 53 .
 gregshugar  realdonaldtrump or im a genius      it was consensual is another oldie but goodie  how about my per .
 kmw 11  realdonaldtrump he promised he would    mexico will pay for the wall    a better health plan than obama    he wo .
 peterdawsonusa  govmikehuckabee  realdonaldtrump oh that s such a cute idea   i ll apologize to that 5 time draft .
 realdonaldtrump .
 realdonaldtrump        save money  satellite military bases on border       build a wall to stop them all  place military .
 realdonaldtrump sure  donald   just like you knew nothing of the hush money  and mexico is going to pay for your w .
 realdonaldtrump is mexico paying for a wall  no  did we get better healthcare  no  infrastructure  no  cheaper med .
 donaldjtrumpjr well if your father and your family were truthful we wouldn t have all these doubts about what liar .
 realdonaldtrump you are creating a humanitarian crisis    and you promised mexico would pay for the wall      .
 realdonaldtrump you got it  and getting mexico to pay for the wall was amazing  ill never forget the day they dro .
 thehill he just its a foreign policy madder  well then why don t anyone go work with mexico on that foreign policy .
 realdonaldtrump 100    then why isnt mexico paying for the wall  .
 stlpcs  robyn lance  geaninec  dvscott81scott  lovelifetan  dfalls1552  dizzymom64  rdrhwke  solidredpeon .
 washingtonpost 1 he can t deliver the wall 2  he can t deliver mexico paying for the wall  3 he can t deliver the .
 realdonaldtrump hey you also campaigned on mexico paying for the wall  hows that going .
 realdonaldtrump  beckyknox16 don t allow them to rent or get a job  no welfare  they will go home or not come here .
 presssec do you really think the american people believe you   if mexico is paying for the wall  why is the fake .
 moonus1960  davejshea  donaldjtrumpjr the nafta replacement already settles that hash  mexico will pay for the wall because of it .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls pre existing conditions will be protected just like mexico will pay for the wall        mag .
 realdonaldtrump  netanyahu yup  its all about you with still no mention of us soldiers slaughtered in afghanistan .
 alwaysanti  fuctupmind ok one  mexico is not paying for the wall  to  obama had bigger crowd and did not tap trump .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico isnt letting anyone through we dont need to pay for your stupid wall  right .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls breaking    mexico will pay for the wall  the deficit will shrink to below obama s number .
 repjimbanks oh really looks whos talking   taxes to benefit the wealthy  a stupid   racist wall that should have .
 realdonaldtrump i remember you repeatedly saying mexico was paying for the wall  were you lying to us .
 eww   mexico   recaptures 200d but chart is a mess and this play is hostage to headline risk on border wall and ta .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump  100  correct on the border    in that case mexico must really be paying for that wall of yours  .
trump is trying to blame mxico like he blames others for his horrible actions against human rights  trump is an in .
 abc which side if the san antonio   mexico wall is he on .
 walshfreedom during the campaign he said he was going to release them    hmmm      oh right  he also said mexico w .
 ingrahamangle why don t you ask her why she won t push to tear down their border wall since walls don t work     m .
ferdinand is now successfully dangling from our living room wall  got him in mexico last week   .
 realdonaldtrump  netanyahu what happened to your pledge to be  neutral  on the palestine israel situation  seems l .
 rickroot714  adamschiff not to mention his wall  im sure thats what all america needs is to pay loads of money f .
why doesn t pelosi  amp  gov brown  amp  gavin newsome  amp  all the socialist nut jobs tear down their border wall between mexico and ca    .
 realdonaldtrump it s strange that border security problem became a problem when you  trump  became the laughing st .
 montenickel  vickie627  franjerkington  ruthlesswench  rogerlhaviland  kekistanstateme  para82nd 1  richard stands .
      and  beto says the first thing hell do if elected as tear down the border wall in el paso .
 frankfigliuzzi1  msnbc  bwilliams  11thhour mexico now wants to build the wall to keep trump and his lackeys out .
 vicenews  jerrybrowngov how about your wall on the mexico ca border  tear that down   .
 donaldjtrumpjr trump jr  are you saying your dad is breaking the campaign promise of having mexico pay for the wal .
 foramerica your lying dad s hand picked guy agrees with him and that makes everyone else wrong  why don t you get .
 joyusaver  whitehouse he alone can fix it  he will build a wall and mexico will pay for it  he makes the best deals and it will be so easy .
 allthatissolid this also relates back to  reziemba response  mexico is differentsignificantly different export mi .
 drdenagrayson trump promised to release his tax returns  trump promised mexico would pay for the wall  trump promi .
 hispaniccaucus  housedemocrats here is a great idea  tear down  the wall between mexico  amp  ca and let them all floc .
 mgcartageinc no trumpon a number of occasions said that mexico will pay for the wall  what did he get for that d .
 teampelosi well why don t you tear down the wall  between mexico  amp  ca  let them all flock in to your state where t .
the presidents aides have reportedly expressed interest in ending birthright citizenship  deploying more troops at .
since democrats don t want walls    tell pelosi to tear down the wall between mexico and ca and rebuild it where we .
 cttollbooth saying out of state drivers will pay 40  of the tolls is like saying mexico will pay for the wall.
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall   .
you brought up mexico paying for the wall  ive told you how the wall will be funded with the savings accrued by no .
 realdonaldtrump is mexico paying for a wall  where are ur taxes  tell barr to release the full mueller report  was .
i ve got an idea  let s buy mexico  have our military go in and wipe out the drug cartels  would take about a month .
 abc the same san antonio that he claimed used a wall to secure itself despite being 150 miles north of mexico   th .
 realdonaldtrump grow a pair and make it happen  close the border and mexico will put those illegals to work building us a free wall.
what the posture review makes clear is that the trump administration wants democrats to fund wall mexico is suppose .
 blumke terri  senblumenthal he didn t win the popular vote  he was installed thanks to putin and electoral college .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
invisible walls   from guatemala  mexico and california come the stories of lives altered by trumps crackdown on i .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum donny has delivered nothing but 8000  lies since takin .
 to survive in texas  black bears need an open border    on  revelator news   .
 repperlmutter build the wall    stop resisting    keep the families together in mexico not america    vote republican and keep america .
in my opinion     i think the wall should be built on mexico side   then call it foreign aid   problem solved .
 gop  laraleatrump he would be really incredible if he kept his campaign promise to make mexico pay for the wall   .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
huge  white house considers plan to stop payments immigrants send to families back in mexico   they should be taxed .
thanks to  mkerrhardy and  wiredphoto for this thoughtful article  .
 gop trump said mexico would build a wall was he lying .
you said mexico would pay for the wall .
 washingtonpost yeah   sad   we all full take jr over the wall 4 delivery   mexico would love a trump dual citizen.
 keithboykin mexico is paying for the wall bill cartel money that s what trump said in the first place .
 edkrassen  repadamschiff like trump knows anything about it   if he doesnt know where his father was born or does .
 besteverson got it wrong left wing whose willing to destroy our country  no illegals  build that wall and throw pe .
 avis4me  larryschweikart  lxl20886 locking her up  draining the swamp  deporting illegals  building the wall  paid .
pentagon awards  976m on two contracts for border wall     borderwall   mexico.
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump and mexico will pay for the wall and i never lie .
 realdonaldtrump can border patrol deputize our military to go with them to enforce our laws  we need to close down .
 kwn1170  bmd0321  clemson1881  kathymcq1  judicialwatch and obama was the one who funded and supplied rebels in th .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum this is such a crock  what the hell are you all on  tr .
 senatorromney  senategop first mexico was paying for the wall now americans are paying   first trump was going to .
 realdonaldtrump all the same  not trump  but mexico will close the loophole for immigrants      wall  wall  wall     .
 cnn  jimsciutto i hope the dems will hit hard on no delivery while in the majority  along with no wall paid for by .
 realdonaldtrump  netanyahu how does this make america great or first  when is mexico going to pay for the wall .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
a das del debut en bolsa de uber  su principal competidora en eu se desploma en wall street .
we should impose a tax on all remittances to mexico and use the  to build the wall  maga   .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump when we stop spending 34 billion a year on them  and they stop sending their money bac .
 krdonc13 we were told the legalization was going to make all this illegal activity go away  of course we were also .
 realdonaldtrump is mexico paying for the wall   didn t you take a billion dollars needed for housing for military families .
 ortho i thought we were talking about the drug that actually comes from mexico most often  because that walls nev .
 gop everyone connected with this wh lies  so how do we believe anything they say   they alienate our neighbor  poi .
 davidrf34  ahal79 thats a pretty entitled point of view  so american dollars mean we have a say all over the worl .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump he s not doing what he said   mexico isn t paying for the wall   he created a fake .
 donaldjtrumpjr read the article    the pentagon announced it awarded a  789 million contract to slsco ltd  for bo .
trump is building a wall slsco ltd   galveston  texas  was awarded a  789 000 000 firm fixed price contract for bor .
 realdonaldtrump sooooo is mexico paying for the wall    sarcasm.
so weve gone from mexico will pay for it to robbing our military members  got it  pentagon awards nearly  1 billio .
when did mexico pay for that wall   wrong .
 obama put kids in cages  not me   ooh ooh and it was obama  who cheated on his wife with a porn actress  and um it .
 prageru most of them came through legal checkpoints  in boats or airplanes  and then overstayed their visas  not a .
 maddow from the pentagon for his unapproved border wall that he said mexico would pay for  he has  with complicity .
 patricksvitek how about texas just cut spending instead of raising taxes  start by building a texas funded boarder .
 thehill no he isnt  he is only concerned with what he promised his followers and that was mexico will pay for th .
 tommybickles  donaldjtrumpjr hey not so bright leftist  mexico was never going to cut a check  illegal alien remit .
 realdonaldtrump i say we should close all mexico boarders to usa for 20 years to allow america to recover from the .
this whole mexico border wall is literal racism lmao  why do people want this and why is trump president and why are people racist .
 cnn the fools who voted for trump im sure never thought other americans would be hurt in order to build trumps va .
 realdonaldtrump that s mexico s problem  how many soldiers pay qualifies them for welfare  all do legals get more .
9th circuit court judge said that it isn t safe for illegal immigrants to wait for asylum hearings in mexico bc it .
 realdonaldtrump can you let us know how mexico is going to pay for the border wall and how you are going to bring down the national debt .
beto wants to tear that wall down        pregnant college student in mexico s juarez killed by jealous ex boyfriend as .
the department of defense awarded two contracts worth nearly  1 billion on april 9 for the construction of border w .
 nationaldefense  tedcruz  sentedcruz ted little trump cruz mimics his master again       now trump wants a space wal .
 realdonaldtrump its not everybody  its every cell of dementia and insanity in your sick brain  seek treatment yo .
 realdonaldtrump you make things up  you think if you say something enough times that its true  what i remember is .
 realdonaldtrump trump you lied from the start that mexico would pay for the wall    all you ever do are lies   mea .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  netanyahu the world is laughing at donald and cant wait for him to be put behind bars .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum promises  replace obamacare with better and cheaper in .
 iwv  potus  realdonaldtrump  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum oh  yes  he s delivered on everything   like turning o .
what is the difference between mexico and saskatchewan  saskatchewan is still paying for their wall   bradwall306.
almost sounds like    mexico is going to pay for the wall .
everybody    stop lying   did we get that check from mexico yet to pay for the wall    trickydonald .
 presssec and mexico will pay for the wall and the tax cut will help the middle class and trump will lose millions .
no  trumpf tax return   no transparent  muellerreport   no mexico paying for wall   no independent  agbarr  hatched man   n .
 realdonaldtrump yall also said mexico will pay for the wall .
 potus  thejusticedept  senatemajldr  gopleader stop this flow of dollars to mexico now   you are aiding the crimin .
 kenklippenstein its trump care now baby  hell fix it after the elections  better vote him in hahaha and the tax .
brian kobach going to build the wall where they walk thru every night  el paso  new mexico  that s filmed by united constitutional patriots.
 treymcmillan83  gopchairwoman gop had 2  years to replace aca but so far theyve dismantled specific provisions  n .
 realdonaldtrump so is mexico paying for the wall    .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum you mean like getting mexico to pay for the wall .
 .
 repgosar why dont u hold mr  trump accountable for his promise mexico would pay 100  for the wall  youd sound mo .
 realdonaldtrump you were not 100 right about showing us your tax returns after the  audit was over  that was one o .
he leaves out the part where he promised to release them if he got elected    just like mexico would pay for the wall .
 9005days  whitehouse have fun paying for mexico s wall .
 harharbarbar  mmfa you re joking  right  biggest inaugural crowd  right out of the gate he lied  mexico paying for .
 if mexico is not letting anyone through   why do we need a border wall  .
 realdonaldtrump mexico never will pay for the wall you lied.
 womenfortrump when does mexico send the check to reimburse tax payers         mark my words  mexico will pay for the w .
 realdonaldtrump we also remember that failed promise that mexico was paying for the wall  what happened to that  still  there is no wall .
the lost hero by kathy wall    after a month of intensive searching  sandy realizes she has lo .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up        .
oh look  trump was right  mexico finally paid for the wall    here are the checks       oh wait these are trumps dirty pa .
 esaagar then   tax to the max      how many times have you heard the wall is  too expensive   amp  no one challenges we .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
 discipl56538624  rashidatlaib  housejudiciary  our3winners that s a lie  you believe everything that lying dog say .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
its almost as if mexico would be paying for the wall    .
 zachfriend55  dailybriefing  danaperino  foxnews ask her when mexico s paying for the wall  also you may want to c .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico is not letting people through  then there is no point to building a wall .
 deladus17  chet1028  upeopleamerican  bradleyrsimpson  dancrenshawtx well then  that reinforces our need to build .
remember you said mexico was going to pay for the wall  stupid fuck  .
and so it has  the people are tired    .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump  gop psst   though mexico was going to pay for the wall .
 nrcc is this the wall trump said mexico was paying for .
 genehilbert  owillis says the person that still thinks mexico is paying for the wall  gene projection isn t healthy .
 alavelymine i remember i was playing overwatch and one of the my teammates was from mexico so i spoke him in spani .
 anncoulter he just needs to prove that he is under audit  just like mexico is going to pay for the wall  just show .
 ajrhinoart  jynclr  alexthomasdc havent actywon anything yet  comrade  hows that fab health care plan  that wall .
 gpbcnyc  kharyp  maxinewaters white men rarely do because they are never held to them  trump promised mexico would .
 realdonaldtrump everybodys  then i  and millions of other americans  are nobody        and when did mexico send the .
 realdonaldtrump but mexico will not pay for your wall will they       more lies .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls theres no plan  this is bait to keep his base going   the belief that theres a plan  amp  .
 dubbb t building a wall that closes off mexico aint great t.
 realdonaldtrump mexico won t let them through       how come you haven t cancelled the wall  returned the stolen funds .
 realdonaldtrump yet mexico won t pay for your precious wall.
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up   .
 kimbru49  christianfraser  bbc     and now we go live from the  swindon chicken chlorination plant    tee hee over .
 donaldjtrumpjr is that like mexico will pay for the wall  i want to release my taxes  i know nothing about the mon .
 realdonaldtrump i am so glad you were right about mexico paying for the wall   now cash that check .
watch sasha digiulian and molly mitchell climb hard in mexico       .
it is extremely difficult to believe what you say when you have uttered so many such as mexico will pay for the wa .
 realdonaldtrump hmmm    let s see    mexico will 100  pay for  the wall      yeah     everybody  has acknowledged .
 presssec stand with him on what    hes not offered an alternative    if he wants anyone to stand with him  should .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls yeah and they also said mexico would pay for the wall  effing liars .
 realdonaldtrump no  you re only delusional  we also remember you said mexico would pay for your wall  so doesn t s .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico has this  then we dont need a wall  just more people working on the process of all legal asylum seekers .
 greg73017  cnnpolitics  sensanders  berniesanders dont worry  mexico is going to pay for it all  just like the wall .
 nickie greer i actually prefer we taxpayers pay for the wall   it transfers ownership to we  the people  fuck you  mexico .
 esmatti76  devedres  longislandjones  iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum is that all you .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 thewatchpost  washingtonpost yeah right    he s as exonerated  as mexico is paying for his wall     hahahahaha    .
 realdonaldtrump i remember only one thing mexico is going to pay for the wall  nobody likes a liar and a cheat.
 hredriders .
 gt new mexico wall will be 30 feet high  amp  include a five foot anti climb plate at the top  and is expected to be comp .
 realdonaldtrump believe it or not you got into office with fake news  since fake news isn t working for you anymor .
bad food  broken down trucks  what its like to be a u s  soldier on the mexico border .
 foxandfriends tell congress if they continue to benefit from ever increasing dentist vist prices causing millions .
 senatemajldr obama fix it good without your help    the economy was doing fine when this brainless peapod to .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum if he delivered on his promise that mexico was paying .
 realdonaldtrump i m confused  so you re saying mexico will pay for the wall through the unapproved trade deal that .
 ksatnews the dip shit is dead set on proving that there is the wall he claimed was here a couple months ago   same .
 realdonaldtrump oh  when you say  everybody   you mean all of the voices in your head   remember when you said mex .
 realdonaldtrump who is everybody    only the voices in your head  mexico was supposed to pay for the wall  every w .
put it to good use build the wall    0bama used to give this ill gotten gain to his buds   feds seize  178k in cash .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he  promised that mexico would pay for the wall   he p .
 itsagoodlife48g  jimsciutto  kellyannepolls they also said trump would release his tax returns  mexico would pay f .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico is not letting people thru    problem solved   no more crisis   done   no need for wall.
northcom s commander has testified that  funds shouldnt be diverted to help pay for the billion dollar constructio .
if they can t be sent back  put them in detention centers  build them right at the wall  simple  plain housing but .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 thankyou at least there are still good people trying to save our country   democratsaredestroyingamerica on us mex .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls and mexico will pay for the wall   and healthcare is easy   and the middle class will get a .
 iwv  potus  realdonaldtrump  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he has  where the aca repeal and replace  when s mexic .
with what face the usa speaks against maduro if we have a tyrant as president  trump acts worse than maduro doing a .
new  though president  realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border w .
 realdonaldtrump if you were 100  correct about the wall  wouldnt mexico be paying for it instead of american taxpayers .
 violetirwin76 is mexico still paying for that wall or nah .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum he lies every time he opens his mouth    he has not deli .
to summarise  between the hhs oig fraud of  1 2 billion  amp  the  33 billion we send annually to mexico  we can build .
 donaldjtrumpjr mexico will pay for the wall              and other lies  brought to you by the  trumpcrimesyndicate .
 msnbc then why isnt he looking into the obvious corruption by the trump as president he falsely claims a national .
 dorindasears 1  i listened to her statement   she was talking to the same people who thought mexico was going to p .
did everyone see american patriots at mexico wall  5 climbed wall right in front of him  bp is overwhelmed  send in .
mexico build that wall  trump every day of his life .
 teapainusa him saying that he s exonerated by mueller  is like him saying that mexico is paying for his wall .
 realdonaldtrump u keep on saying u were elected  when ur taxes were being audited and we didnt care  you also sai .
      a coup  donnie s latest  new word  to toss around  every day something else  a word  a con .
 joelleepeterson to understand a lib you need to think like one       to get ahead of it  we should put signs on the me .
 realdonaldtrump trump  correct me if i m wrong  during your campaign you said mexico was paying for your wall   af .
 plainjane5555  mityenord  mitchellreports well  honey  you keep on groveling at  trump s feet  buy every lie he te .
.
 cnn  jimsciutto let me say in no uncertain terms  mexico will pay for the wall and i will release my tax returns     .
 realdonaldtrump as usual  total bullshit    actually  almost everyone is acknowledging that you were wrong on the bo .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum you have a background of delivering shit  you promised .
 lauriortega01  realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall right after infrastructure week.
 charliekirk11 most of these immigrants entered the usa through normal ports or airports   a wall doesn t do anythi .
 proudresister  gop  cnn gop has a healthcare plan like mexico is paying for the wall .
 thehill and  i will release my taxes   2016 djt  mexico will pay for the wall  2016 djt  and  i know nothing about .
the defense department announced two new contracts totaling  976 million for construction of sections of wall on th .
 krassenstein if you believe this  i ve got a wall mexico is willing to pay for  the cover up machine is in full drive      barrcoverup.
 realdonaldtrump if mexico won t let them through you don t need your wall  that should save a billlion or 6  .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 michelleobama  craigmalrob hi mrs obama  from mxico cityi buy your book and its amazing   im your biggest fan  this side of wall jijiji.
 realdonaldtrump you made a promise to the american people that mexico would pay for the wall   why are you making .
 charlesppierce barr s comment on fentanyl mexico wall  more than any other  shows just how in the tank he is for t .
 jasonmillerindc its a promise he made jason  just like he promised mexico would 100  pay for the wall  facts  not .
 rockshrimp  maxwelldemonic  cnn  jimsciutto also that mexico was going to pay for the wall .
 psampsonhowes  realdanielruff where did you find this moron       we are so screwed  prepare for the economy to crash  .
 adriannapennino  jackposobiec he even dialed it back and said  i didn t say mexico was going to pay for the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump mexico knock down the wall come in hoardes.
 realdonaldtrump mexico use ladders knock down the wall they will f gollum sauramon traitor orcs fight urukai.
 realdonaldtrump donald   in case folks need a translation    by  everybody  you mean  nobody   by 100  correct you .
 realdonaldtrump mexico will pay for the wall  who will pay for the wall  mexico    .
 funder trump also said mexico would pay for the wall  trump also said he would show his taxes   when doesn t trump lie .
 efemerabis  unfollowtrump how about is big beautiful cheap health care   or his trade agreements   how about mexic .
 afreequeen  jackposobiec he talked to the governor of the virgin islands and called him the president  what a desp .
 jgroboski  realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump mexico is culprit not potus  there are parts of the wall that are not .
 montenickel  zacre1  vickie627  rogerlhaviland  kekistanstateme  para82nd 1   battleunicorn   jdw714  thumper5465 .
 socalcctv  newshour  joshmankiewicz he claimed he knew nothing of the porn star payoffs   lie    he claimed obama bu .
correct me if i am wrong   didn t orange man run his campaign on two main promises  1  new healthcare and 2  build .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum mexico will pay for the wall   lie       taxes will be red .
 bronamra  tedlieu mexico is paying for the wall  ted can t obstruct mexico from cutting a check can he .
a stupid question  trump could say he wants a free wall paid by mexico and the gop knows it s a lie  they can say t .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 katiet121  plainsimpletrth  realcandaceo  bachelorbflive  repjerrynadler but i do believe that from keeping all th .
on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wall is up  .
 realdonaldtrump if mexico is not letting people through than no need for your monument to racism wall   problem solved .
 realdonaldtrump at least working with mexico is more intelligent than building a vanity wall after the people said   no  .
 realdonaldtrump everybody is now acknowledging that  right from the time you announced your run for president  you .
 realdonaldtrump teflon don     god sits high and looks low    he is your conscience     he knows who you really are  .
 realdonaldtrump everybody who   no one i know is acknowledging any such thing   you and your racist cronies do not .
 kamalaharris detaining is dangerous but walking across mexico isnt  ok   build the wall  we will no longer detain .
 katiet121  plainsimpletrth  realcandaceo  bachelorbflive  repjerrynadler we never expected mexico to just write a .
 adriannapennino  jackposobiec what it s doing is verifying that you aren t dealing with a full deck        did you kno .
 realdonaldtrump so i have a question  the activist judge said mexico is too dangerous for immigrants to wait for p .
its up to we the people   if the government wont deploy the troops  amp  close the border       militia vow to patrol u .
 realdonaldtrump perhaps you don t remember saying mexico would pay for the wall  rather than saying   we re going .
all this fake outrage about mexico border and the wall    wheres this same energy with my puerto rican brothers an .
 realdonaldtrump  easy  to solve       you mean like it was  easy  to get mexico to fund your wall  100     easy  to re .
 realdonaldtrump trump campaign promise recap     10  middle class tax cut   failed   insurance rates lowered   failed .
.
 realdonaldtrump you should get back with mexico about funding the wall   bet they will do it   just keep it under .
 realdonaldtrump which part of  mexico will pay for the wall  was 100  correct  you ran your entire campaign on a r .
 realdonaldtrump so  if mexico is  not letting people through   which they have been  not  doing for decades  as th .
 realdonaldtrump we also remember you said mexico will pay for the wall            .
 our true mankind is humanity     herbert george wells the   i will build a great great wall on our southern border .
 lamoonlynn  rhonda painter  soledadobrien  carolin53549455  cnn  msnbc  cbsnews  nbc  abc  pbs and mexico is going .
 jimsciutto  kellyannepolls just like mexico paying for the wall and individual one releasing his taxes .
 ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump ryan a wall will resolve this issue  and only naive people really believed that mexico .
good  we dont need a wall  mexico is fixing it  great news  .
 realdonaldtrump stop with your border talk  mexico aint paying and you aint getting a wall .
 outlaw7tim  justicedems  aoc  ilhanmn  rashidatlaib mexico will pay for the wall   so achievable  still waiting   .
 terrorjester  justicedems  ilhanmn  rashidatlaib  aoc if financial expertise is the trump gop  1  trillion defic .
 jrubinblogger we live in a world where a man made the most unrealistic campaign promise any of us had ever heard   .
 realdonaldtrump sure hon    and mxico will pay for the wall .
 cnn  jimsciutto you mean like       mexico will pay for the wall       trump will release his taxes       there were zero russ .
excellent  thank you patriots  if our government continues to obstruct trump we must continue to ramp up our effort .
 iwv  realdonaldtrump  potus  heytammybruce  marthamaccallum yes mexico paid  for the wall  not .
gitter done                                                     on us mexico border  militia vow to patrol until  wal .
on us mexico  border  militia vow to patrol until   wall is up  .
the government is clearing strips of land inside sensitive wildlife habitats for endangered animals  birds and mona .
 realdonaldtrump u campaigned mexico was going 2 pay 4 the wall  when will they start paying  as a taxpayer i m now .
 plainsimpletrth  trump2011794838  realcandaceo  bachelorbflive  repjerrynadler name one lie  one  and you can t us .
mexican police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico  .
the migrant caravan  a lesson in empathy    the roundup   .
new video  i went to mexico and embedded with the migrant caravan  check it out and see the truth about what is goi .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   via  nypost.
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
official poll  should the migrant caravan be treated as an invasion of the us  .
 breaking news migrant caravan    migrant caravan from honduras enters mexico bound for the us border  has been pub .
hundreds of migrants have been camped out for weeks in mapastepec  where locals say six migrant caravans have arriv .
the migrant caravan that he had a yeezy study for law enforcement  a rigged.
 excerpt  in the lead up to the 2018 midterm elections  donald trump stoked racist and xenophobic fears over a migr .
.
 corybooker .
donald trump s making the migrant caravan a political issue  here are the facts    cnnpolitics   remember   it is p .
live  build that wall now  migrant caravan heads north through mexico  via  youtube.
the faces of a migrant caravan  .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
migrant caravan camps overflow inmexico  .
i think there should be tighter restrictions for migrant caravan  but i also don t think mexico is really willing t .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
 petervaldo  kennethmerrill4  freenaynow  esells  spaceninja15  nzgrant17  flyingkiwi7  richard78567256  karoolatas .
 mrjoncryer hence the now famous wall    sorry    fence that he eventually remembered and ordered to build to maint .
 police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico   al jazeera english  via  youtube.
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
why are thousands of hondurans fleeing to the united states   mfbiggs and  juliagaliano meet with members of a so c .
 ingrahamangle  largest latino evangelical group mobilizing to help migrant   caravan  samuel rodriguez says   .
 realdonaldtrump latino evangelical group mobilizing to help migrant  caravan  samuel rodriguez says  .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico   politics  feedly.
this easter take a moment to reflect on the migrants who seek to come to america  but who are denied refuge by    .
who is providing support to migrant caravan seeking asylum   via  youtube.
.
 cnn how about the fact that he funded the migrant caravan  does that count as charity .
another honduran migrant caravan is on its way to the u s   via  youtube.
 europe   police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico   al jazeera english  .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico.
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico   .
  police   halt migrant caravan in   southern   mexico  ajenews  .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico       mexican police have intercepted a caravan of migrants in southern .
 kattavernd police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico witnesses say people are being fo  .
via  perilofafrica police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico  witnesses say people are being forced onto police buses and taken t .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico witnesses say people are being forced onto police buses and taken to an immigration centre .
 kattavernd police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico witnesses say people are being fo  .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
visit website police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico  amerislamunderway.
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
police halt migrant caravan in southern mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
 foxnews  potus  theblaze  cbn  nypost  bbc  mailonline  realdonaldtrump  redeyeradio  rushlimbaugheib  maga  news .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
ammon bundy is worth knowing about  considering  but not worshipping         he seems like a good man  a basically good .
ammon bundy is worth knowing about  considering  but not worshipping         he seems like a good man  a basically good .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
elizabeth warren calls for impeachment process againsttrump .
 caroljhedges  markwhogarth  neil play  skibadaa  sunpolitics  bbcpolitics  itvpolitics  dailymirror  dailymailuk .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  via  ap .
did some digging  and the photo apparently isn t mexico  fair point  mexico does have a border fence  so my questio .
new york post made public  how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
this grouping known as the migrant caravan  i say can be admitted to be an astute step of communication for people .
did democrats  or george soros  fund migrant caravan  despite republican claims  no  .
 hausoffad  proud1patriot  aggieman30  dhsgov  cbpsouthtexas  cbp  senschumer  aoc  speakerpelosi  betoorourke bull .
hear yee hear yee  lopezobrador   amp   realdonaldtrump mexico braces for  mother of all caravans  .
 willbredderman also .
how does a central american migrant caravan form      inmigracin.
piedras negras  coahuila  mexico and eagle pass  texas prepare for central american migrant caravan arrival .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   via  nypost.
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
.
how does a central american migrant caravan form   referendum to ask remaining voters left f .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   referendum in nicaragua  el salvador  hon .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   referendum to ask remaining voters whethe .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   referendum to ask remaining voters whethe .
how does a central american migrant caravan form    abc news .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
 theodoxus  cwnic  alyssa milano  mehdirhasan .
 realdonaldtrump  bestclosershow  thebestcloser  closerfamily  closermoments  gameover  stopcatchandrelease .
mexico preparing for 20 000 strong mother of all caravans  the latest central american migrant caravan could cont .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
.
25 people affiliated with the ms 13 gang member caught in migrant caravan  via  youtube.
.
border patrol agent  top five reasons why the migrant caravan is dangerous  via  youtube.
how does a central american migrant caravan form     stoptheinvasion    buildthedamnwall  via  nypost.
social networks and migration     how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
haven t heard of anyone in a migrant caravan carrying hundreds of pounds of drugs yet .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
cnn s acosta said migrant caravan wouldn t jump border walls  now they r     via  youtube.
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap     this is how the migrant scam works   bc  .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
breaking news migrant caravan   migrant caravan from honduras enters mexico bound for the usborder .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
dont believe this for a momenthow does a central american migrant caravan form   via  nypost.
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   via  nypost  buildthatwall  buildthewall.
some photos of my artist talk event last night at  calstatela about my  paintingseries mujeres luz  amp  migrant carava .
 when does the next caravan leave     can i go  i m from guatemala     what papers do i need for my kids   how does .
media blackout  migrant caravan being used as cover by child sex traffickers .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
how does a central american migrant caravanform   .
how does a central american migrant caravan form            san salvador  el salvador  when does .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
how a central american migrant caravan forms .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan .
homeland security sends grave warning about migrant caravan  very sad   .
 kamalaharris maylin nuez  17  from tegucigalpa  honduras  said she thought about birth control methods before joi .
how a central american migrant caravan forms .
ms sobre migracions i canvi climtic   the unseen driver behind the migrant caravan  climate change  .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico   .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
perspective  how does a central american migrant caravan form   via kvia news .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
new video  i went to mexico and embedded with the migrant caravan  check it out and see the truth about what is goi .
call it what it is  climate migration      the focus on violence is eclipsing the big picture  which is that people a .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
we must  sendthemback coming for a  job is not an asylum criteria  why isn t  icegov deporting the    1  milion here .
 karmababy100  saltysandlapper  speakerpelosi  aoc  mailonline most other countries have higher vaccination rates t .
the solution was not presented        the question was   how does  a wall  actually  do  anything to protect anyone   o .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
in recent days the number of migrants crossing the border into southern mexico is again raising humanitarian concer .
jesus low energy middle eastern criminal migrant caravan members cant stay awake with him in the garden to pray  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form     does a central american migrant caravan .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
the group  detained  the migrants legally and lawfully  basically through a bluff  until border patrol could arrive .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  through social media in part  but in the context of larger  estab .
this has gotta stop  .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
 davidsharp84  kg eternally  johnjjohnson20  madlibtheology  evanplatinum shes started outright lying  see  e g   .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico   .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
help me  cher  theres a honduran caravan migrant stuck in my driveway         .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico       the group det .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap  .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico    .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants .
border chaos as private militia engages 300 migrants   illegals  stopillegalimmigration  crisis  trump2020  2a.
help me  cher  theres a honduran caravan migrant stuck in my driveway   love our president .
moto  you can see theyre all using children as golden tickets to get into the us thanks to the horrendous bipart .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap  by  verzamex  amp  marcos aleman .
 .
police halt migrant caravan moving north in southern mexico   watch news videos online .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
new video  i went to mexico and embedded with the migrant caravan  check it out and see the truth about what is goi .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new   .
just like the native american indians    they are being lied to    breaks my heart       united constitutional patriots .
national news how does a central american migrant caravan form  published on april 19  2019   updated 7 09 a m ap .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap  .
united constitutional patriots group catches  migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico   .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
the unseen driver behind the migrant caravan  climate change .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
 portlandon  jaketapper even the conservative libertarian cato institute put the lie to that stupidity  .
 we are dying of hunger in honduras   new migrant caravan proceeds to us      hondurans are ma .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in newmexico .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap  .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form       food  water  b .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico   the group  det .
fox biz news  how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
she also spoke with  buzzfeednews about why she chose to flee honduras before her passing .
 tuckercarlson  your debate with the migrant caravan supporter was perfectly exectuted  im 3 months late but gosh d .
fox biz news  how does a central american migrant caravan form .
how does a central american migrant caravanform   .
it is estimated that 150 million to 300 million climate refugeesare set to be displaced worldwide by 2050        in th .
united constitutional patriots group catches migrant caravan illegally invading u s  in new mexico .
honduras  new migrant caravan begins journey  via  youtube   migrantcaeravan  migrantcrisis .
how does a central american migrant caravan form    politics.
new migrant caravan receives cooler welcome inmexico .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form     .
 thegreatroh  styx666official for example  she said ken cuccinelli  the guy who wrote this  .
help me  cher  theres a honduran caravan migrant stuck in my driveway  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
via  perilofafrica how does a central american migrant caravan form   .
 caravans      .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form  .
how does a central american migrant caravan form    abc news    via  abc news.
how does a central american migrant caravan form   from  ap  .
 how does a central american migrant caravan form   by the associated press via nyt .
how does a central american migrant caravan form    technology.
how does a central american migrant caravan form  va  nyt .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   spzr  spzr  technology  socialmedia  onlinemedia .
how does a central american migrant caravan form   spzr  spzr  technology  socialmedia  onlinemedia .
chorti  maya  canan in past years it rained on time  but theres no longer any   weather pattern a 1 3of employ .
 whiskie2  stefanmolyneux it s genuinely hard to believe that you did not hear about this shit  .
the migrant caravan that no affair  prior to meeting  they dont exist   they are saying  truly bad as somebody who want.
20 000 migrant caravan headed to border   millennialmillie  maga  upnext  video   .
 r softly  4l4rm1ng  misanthropemime  jenafriedman  forbes he said we need to build  proper facilities  i e  homele .
official poll  should the migrant caravan be treated as an invasion of the us  .
miraculously  the invading migrant caravan of infants has suddenly dispersed     muellerreport.
the unseen driver behind the migrant caravan  climate change  climatecatastrophe  climatechange .
 southerndem 3  cassandrarules  bulletinatomic .
the main reason people are moving is because they dont have anything to eat  this has a strong link to climate ch .
feds used a secret database to track journalists covering the migrant caravan  reason roundup   reason   .
migrant caravan is  highly organized   filmmaker ami horowitz.
who is providing support to migrant caravan seeking asylum   via  youtube.
media burying tb  hepatitis  hiv  dangerous diseases brought in by  migrant caravan   via  politicsisdirty.
funny how they have money to pay cartels thousands  citizens of mexico to give them rides  etc  but when they get t .
 breaking news migrant caravan   whos funding the migrant caravans   has been published on cyprium news   .
 biblebeltdarlin angry mexican citizens march against migrant caravan  this is an invasion  trump is right    .
 thegracies award for interview feature   non commercial local goes to  kqed s waiting in pinole  a mother s and so .
 migrant caravan reaches mexican border    yep nancy pelosi says no crisis at the border  .
something tells me the largest and most dangerous migrant caravan to date is about to head north within the next 24 .
mike pence  migrant caravan was financed in part by venezuela  via  youtube.
migrant caravan is  highly organized   filmmaker ami horowitz  via  youtube.
who is providing support to migrant caravan  via  youtube.
who is providing support to migrant caravan seeking asylum   via  youtube.
 mexico works to deter new  migrantcaravan heading north to  usborder   .
low iq so called messiah thinks the way to act like a king is to wash the feet of his middle eastern criminal migra .
so  mexico is deporting cubans on their way to the us because they have a tendency to vote republican        while shut .
kylie zarmati mais 20 was following the news of the migrant caravan  when shef  .
every day wed hear new falsehoods and fear mongering       he said they were stone cold criminals and the new head o .
migrant caravan  angry protests in mexico s tijuana   bbc news  via  youtube.
a g  backs administrations move to deny bond to asylum seekers  .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   one america news network .
read this if you don t understand what we re dealing with here  these people think they have a right to come here  .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to us border.
a man was arrested at st  patrick s cathedral in nyc with 4 gallons of gasoline  two bottles of lighter fluid and l .
.
 cbsnews angry mexican citizens march against migrant caravan  this is an invasion  trump is right    .
heroic mexicans defend us from invading migrant caravan  via.
arizina call state of emergency for incoming caravan of migrants  .
wth is congress doing about millions of illegal s invaiding u s     nothing       worthless congress  .
walking to america with the migrant caravan   vice news tonight special report  hbo    youtube    dec 21  2018.
.
pieter ten hoopen  gana el premio world press photo story of the year con the migrant caravan  sobre una caravana .
 deeplored  washingtonpost    um  no  not very likely .
 femi sorry  beccijohnson88  brexitparty uk  davidlammy that photo was used on the front page of some national pape .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube   ucp .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border .
the migrant caravan that is negotiations going on the iran deal was the fact that even longer so hard in.
migrant caravan update the democrats and more  via  youtube.
migrant camps in mexico overflowing as large caravan moves north .
mexico braces for new caravan of central american migrants         what do these people expect  .
decode trump s campaign theme song   you can t always get what you want  but if you try sometime  you just might fi .
migrant camps in mexico overflowing as large caravan moves north  .
candace owens of iran  the migrant caravan that has long meetings with the constitution to welcome president xi in congress.
another honduran migrant caravan is on its way to the u s   via  youtube.
are these photos of the migrant caravan real  separating fact from fiction   youtube.
.
migrant camps in mexico overflowing as large caravan movesnorth  .
migrant camps in mexico overflowing as large caravan moves north    .
it appears that mexico is trying to help the usa by deterring migrants from honduras  hard to say with how much luc .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   one america news network .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
 the team earned the award for their coverage of the central american migrant caravan on their way to the united s .
.
just caught mario morenos   marioamz  line transition on the big screen at  datavizchi  it shows the path of the c .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border .
 .
migrant caravan latest news   trump says mexico is cracking down onmigrants   .
i heard mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to us border.
mexico  works to deter  new migrants     too little  too late  in my opinion    they need to step up their came and s .
 senfeinstein no worries     trump is well on his way to solve this crisis without the democrats  or republicans        .
trump america first  mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading .
are we finally getting some support from mexico  if the rest of their country would follow suit  we could finally g .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
health authorities in mexico city  where thousands of migrants are now camped  have found no evidence of leprosy or .
 dhsgov migrant bus caravan .
 counterchekist  rudygiuliani foxfakenews is currently feaverishly queuing up hefty helpings of fear mongering vide .
does anyone think this is a coincidence   its what happens when you threaten to close the border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
i once rode a bike 350 miles and camped along the way       at the end it looked like i camped for a week       why do the .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
how can we tell migrants stories better  here are 10 ways  by  beluarce .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border    .
 houstonchron he gave to the migrant caravan  he probably thinks that counts.
inspired by the migrant caravan  a group of cubans are seeking refuge in the united states     .
rsvp now for our 4 30 event  communicating about immigration  the  border   amp  the migrant caravan w   comnetworksf .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border .
amazing   trump threatens to cut aid to mexico and look what suddenly happens  all it took was a little motivation  .
 castillomarcos7  immortal2portal  troyhaydenfox10  cityofyuma .
so  which u s  refugee city wants this bunch of refugees  described by mexican locals as the majority of the car .
 cajunhummel  19kfish  nationalist d  drewgrey  kamalaharris .
 cajunhummel  19kfish  nationalist d  drewgrey  kamalaharris .
 jackposobiec as someone who doesn t build bridges but loves walls and ridiculous conspiracy theories  jack is defi .
and the mexican national guard  army  navy  amp  federal police  now under the oversight of the un high commission for .
 ithacajournal is this usa today article too hard on local readers   migrant caravan force their way through border .
i feel mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to us border.
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border .
arizona border city declares state of emergency over migrant crisis           trump2020  fakenews .
yuma declares state of emergency over migrant families            trump2020  fakenews  drug .
migrant caravan  hundreds of hondurans leave on new trek  .
mexico officials  majority of the caravan did not come peacefully  urged business owners to close their shops and a .
 migrantcaravan advancing toward u s  from  southernmexico   .
 truefactsstated  415holgate it will be a dirty fight by mitch and ppl  marsha ran incessant ads about the migrant .
 brianbyrdman i m waiting for tomorrow morning s breathless announcement that a migrant caravan is attacking in ord .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
migrant caravan was financed in part by venezuela  via  youtube.
 nickmiroff  rachaelmbade isn t it a little bit racist to call the arrival of illegal immigrants as  punishment   i .
 theantiantizio1  beerbaron14  dohanyjulian  jdwstangs3  saifgideon  dlsmith0817  pakeha56  speedymc67 .
migrant caravan plows on as trump tightens asylum rules  via  youtube   fox news barr rules as .
 cdlee323  garth2the2ndpwr hurr durr  venezuela  socialism  aoc  migrant caravan  lol  god conservatives are retarded .
watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex he is the only one who can stop the migrant moocher caravan from destroying your family  .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   one america news network .
janet  great post   can i repost    why doesnt shep want his audience to know the truth  here he is last october p .
 kenrd2  slpng giants most of not all   wow  the stupid is strong with you    .
another honduran migrant caravan is on its way to the u s    caravaninvasion patriots invasi .
another honduran migrant caravan is on its way to the u s   via  youtube.
see what its like walking with the migrant caravan in central america  via  natgeo.
mexican city bars caravan  says migrants are safety threat .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
 wpjenna maybe  betoorourke is referring to the taxpayer donations to his failed campaign  that his staff used ille .
new evidence confirmed dem are huge involvement in migrant caravan  sara     via  youtube.
canada orders troops to block american migrant caravan wanting legal weed and free healthcare   american buffoon .
texas lt  gov  patrick on what awaits migrant caravan  via  youtube.
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border  its nice to see this small town trying to .
texas lt  gov  dan patrick on what awaits migrant caravan  via  youtube.
 1000thghostauto  dailykos .
president trump gets tough on migrant caravan  via  youtube.
trump gets tough on migrant caravan  via  youtube.
if its so violent   why would she go back  this doesnt sound like it meets asylum criteria either     govmlg        .
canada orders troops to block american migrant caravan wanting legal weed and free healthcare   american buffoon .
mexican city attempting to stop caravan advancing toward us      migrants say its  unfair  .
read our latest report about how a migrant  caravan triggers trade disruptions at the us mexico  border  .
 22  chicago marxists are behind the migrant caravans   youtube people without borders has been busy  the group hel .
439 11 6 18  president donald trump is making more unfounded claims about a migrant caravan invasion  two days a .
438 11 6 18  trump s latest claims about the migrant caravan are eerily similar to ones made by the pittsburgh shooter api.
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border .
authorities are blocking u s  bound migrants from entering a southern mexican city  the central american caravan mo .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
pretty sad that the mexican gov  is more involve in solving the u s  immigration problem then the dems are       mexi .
but but i thought they weren t going to help the president out   maga  kag      .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border     oann .
im so old i remember the migrant caravan in october and november that would end america as we know it in and that .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
congrats  reuters on the pulitzer prize win for your coverage of the migrant caravan  we are grateful for your work .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border   .
mexico works to deter new migrant caravan heading north to u s  border     oann .
.
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico   .
join us in the ward room of ensor lrc at 3 00 this afternoon to welcome  driverwrites to campus  she ll discuss her .
hopefully now cnn will understand who is funding the honduran migrant caravan  .
mexican city bars caravan  says migrants are safety threat .
mexico gets it  .
another migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico and congress still does nothing      chuckschumer .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico    other words they all want welfare .
.
the migrant caravan can stay in mexico  if not  send them to  sanctuarycities  preferably to  pelosi   schumer  .
migrant caravan with mostly women  children begins trek to u s  border .
los marginados  migrant caravan   fox news .
 realdonaldtrump with the release of the  redacted  mueller report tomorrow  shouldn t there be a new migrant carav .
soros and the canadian connection to the migrant caravan on the us border .
it has nothing to do with  potus  amp  american citizens not having hearts it has everything to do with years of usa ci .
.
the migrant caravan that the great energy and all get tough on the open borders agenda  tester continue to thank all great.
another honduran migrant caravan is on its way to the u s   via  youtube.
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border   illegaimmigrant .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
 whitehouse  surgeon general how is all these masses  with illnesses we dont know yet but we can hear them allowed .
canada orders troops to block american migrant caravan wanting legal weed and free healthcare .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
congratulations to  nikonambassador  pietertenhoopen who won the 2019  worldpressphoto award for .
migrant caravan  amp  u s  public health    disease concerns are real   national review .
bet these people would love to meet a movie star  cher said she would take a few  well here is 250     a listers i kn .
sure hope you have a job  when these groups hit your town they will take your jobs  hope youve had your mmr booste .
here are a few hundred more heading to a town near you america  so far today close to 500 illegals  i hear the viol .
canada orders troops to block american migrant caravan wanting legal weed and free healthcare   american buffoon .
watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico .
oann is the news station to watch if you are interested in fair and balanced news local and around the world  .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico   .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube  plea .
migrant caravans are officially organized money making industry by mexican mafia and possibly 3rd party foreigner s .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube omg   .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
remember when people laughed at reports of a migrant caravan      the country is now unable to provide either the ne .
many of the migrants have said mexicos president has turned a blind eye to their struggle  and are accusing him o .
the fact that people think the us  doesn t have enough resources for all  in reference to the migrant caravan only .
.
yuma  arizona mayor declares emergency over migrant situation   buildthewall  illegalaliens  caravan.
migrant caravan of 2 000  advancing toward u s  from southern mexico      come on  realdonaldtrump mexico isnt doing .
 honduran activist to speak about human rights  migrant caravan  and u s  complicity in honduras political turmoil.
heres how some africans joined the migrant caravan heading for the u s       what the          buildthewall  kag  .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border .
 condor law  nycmayor  realdonaldtrump the president is a master at branding why not apply that talent to these mig .
update           migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico   .
 allvestalallen  cnn    .
theyre here in a huge herd and very sickthe best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border .
now heres a surprise  .
why are thousands of hondurans fleeing to the united states   mfbiggs and  juliagaliano meet with members of a so c .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico   one america news network   more asylum seekers from ho .
watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
 cfr org did he miss the report of a group of  migrant caravan ers  breaking into mexico   amp  attacking some mexican police .
watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube  .
 realdonaldtrump end funds to mexico unless they build their southern border    lopezobrador  do something mexico .
migrant caravan traveling with women  amp  children lking that they will be automatically let into us   trump has oppor .
 jordansekulow they don t stop coming and congress continues ignoring the issue        watch  the best migrant car .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump  sensasse  senatorfischer  repdavid  govricketts  repdonbacon do your job     the best migrant carav .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
 vaultwest  denisedm5 it looks to me like he signed a presidential memo last november trying to give more power to .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico    .
 dec 2018  group that escorts migrant caravans draws more scrutiny  via  nbcsandiego.
6000 in huixtla  chiapas  mexico  they are on their way to storm the us border by any means they can  saying that t .
who is behind the migrant caravans   via  nbcnews.
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube .
an absolute crisis at the border  nancy pelosi doesnt care  she is busy attacking president trump over a video of .
6000 approaching    biggest migrant caravan forming amidst broken us border patrol news telesur honduras venezuela  m .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico   .
watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube .
  watch  the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  on youtube .
who is organizing  pelosi and soros migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube these .
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
the best migrant caravan footage out there  huge group stopped on border  via  youtube.
 kamalaharris migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico .
video  mexican police now loading migrant caravan onto trucks headed for u s  border .
mexican city bars caravan  says migrants are safety threat   migrantcaravan .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrant caravan  via  youtube .
.
history to headlines  migrant caravan aggressively breaches mexican border       migrants .
latest democrat inspired  illegalalien horde of 2k  advancing to u s  border while they can still take advantage of .
 nothing to see here  .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico     oann .
migrant caravan advancing toward u s  from southern mexico   breaking  news .
donald trump jr  claims migrant caravan contains terrorists  citing unrelated isis arrests in guatemala .
migrants  asylum seekers  refugees and immigrants are not the enemy  the enemy is homegrown neo fascism       veterans .
the unseen driver behind the migrant caravan  climate change .
my edit is based on a number of different factors  what the story is about  how to tell the story with the work yo .
 migrant caravan with mostly women  children begins trek to u s  border  newsvideo  breakingnews  youtube .
honored by the  thegracies       2  faridajhabvala  amp   erikaaaguilar s account of one family s story of immigration  pr .
save the date for our next  comnetworksf event  communicating about immigration  the border  amp  the migrant caravan  .
 govbrewer  katiepavlich  realdonaldtrump time to take donations for the greyhound migrant wheeled caravan to the s .
migrant caravan moves north  via  reutersindia.
 sydneykgbt  kgbt .
 thegracies winner  kqednews  thecareport magazine   faridajhabvala for waiting in pinole  a mothers and son s mig .
 teapainusa better question   how long after meuller report is released before trump goes batshit about a migrant c .
  mexico human rights commission  8 800  migrants in south    nytimes.
museology  looting and migration objects are well documented and taken care of by museums experts  and people are .
another honduran migrant caravan is a tax on our kids .
another central american migrant caravan reaches mexico 3 days ago       when is  thedemocrats going to wake up  do the .
 realdonaldtrump this reply is to information on what is happening in chapas mexico 200 miles from the united state .
official poll  should the migrant caravan be treated as an invasion of the us  .
 betoorourke watch live  breaking betowas never meant to win  only fund the migrant caravan.
mexico human rights commission  8 800 migrants in south .
ultra runners of the year   migrant caravan.
 breaking news alert   new honduran migrant caravan   with plans to cross next week  has been published on cyprium .
mexico human rights commission  8 800 migrants in south .
 bobhelt says  thehill  aoc aren t you exactly making my point  people are averse to anything pro immigration  even .
 dawsonsfield  alyssa milano diff topic  but while i have you  yesterday we talked about immigration  trump cut fun .
she pushed the russia conspiracy when she knew it was fake  she opposes our president at every turn   and she favor .
 via  readthehornnews .
 ericboehlert she was part of a migrant caravan .
as  who reports 300  increase   norahodonnell says  why this outbreak now     astounding that  news media  they ref .
  appropriated objects are well documented and taken care of by museums experts  and people are declared undocum .
sheepdogs wth migrant caravan aggressively breaches mexican border      2a1a  maga45 fb 100  .
black summer sound like a horror movie with just zombies of color  i know this scare the shit outta most white folk .
mexico  tribe of zebulon  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrant caravan  .
 live  spanish news report   migrant caravan update   the democrats  and more     .
 live  spanish news report   migrant caravan update   the democrats  and more     .
 live  spanish news report   migrant caravan update   the democrats  and more     .
 melissablake an important report by human rights watch  hrw on migrants with disabilities and the discrimination t .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrant caravan       .
 bjp4india  amitshah if another coalition govt ever comes to power in india  i would suggest everyone pack their ba .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrant caravan  thousands of latin .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrantcaravan  .
 europe  mexico  thousands depart tapachula for huehuetan in migrant caravan .
dozens arrested during mass eviction of caravan migrant camp in tijuana  .
 trump announces he  will  send  migrants to  sanctuarycities  via  youtube  immigrants .
    so the animal in the oval office is trying to use rep  omar for his 2020 campaign the  way .
 vmmacchi  alinebarros2  voanews here s some advice for journalists from experienced immigration reporters i compil .
 realjameswoods  washingtonpost meanwhile in el paso  migrant caravan at hotel crowding in rooms    they say there .
 realjameswoods migrant caravan at hotel crowding in rooms here in el paso this is just one small example of the cr .
migrant caravan at hotel crowding in rooms here in el paso    so the demonrats say there is no crisis in the border .
why doesnt shep want his audience to know the truth  here he is last october pushing a conspiracy theory that ther .
central american migrant caravan reaches mexico s southern border  via  youtube.
central american migrant caravan reaches mexico s southern border  via  youtube.
a migrant girl traveling with a caravan of thousands from central america en route to the u s  holds her belongings .
 potus vp pences clue to whos behind migrant caravan suggests major implications   media silent  .
 pithywidow at our seder  we re refusing to discuss politics  though we re all in sync  and instead emphasizing a m .
i am curious as to what would happen if the migrant caravan decided to push through our border like they did at the guatemala mexico border .
very proud of my good friends  gregorybull and  juliewatson   pulitzer finalists for their work in  ap s migrant ca .
  the route is dangerous   horrifically so   many people go missing   coyotes are profiting .
via nyt .
2018 headlines cont       malia obama busted while streaking at harvard      jennifer lawrence blames 9 11 on president tru .
mexico human rights commission  8 800 migrants in south va  nyt .
 demonbob badman  m nerdskull yep  one minute soros is funding the migrant caravan to replace white people  the oth .
 cachoperez45  montaga while i can agree that some fake their status  the hondurans and other central americans in .
so happy for the amazing team of  reuterspictures photographers  editors  fixers and drivers for the well deserved .
politicians shouls be linched for allowing this       .
migrant caravan gets help from mexico  a remote southern town gave them shelter about 3000 of them  then gave them .
reuters won two  pulitzerprizes    one of them for this pictures about the migrant caravan    there is a venezuelan pho .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 daveweigel everything he s doing suggests he s trying to make the  migrant caravan  problem worse so he can demago .
 every migrant ive asked tells me he doesnt know whos organizing the very caravan he joined    no s   they all .
the  pulitzer for breaking news photography was awarded to the photography staff of  reuters for a visual narrative .
pix   .
migrant caravan moves north   pictures   reuters .
 maii degeese  schnellguitars  bradleyrsimpson  dancrenshawtx another lie  it is not dangerous for migrants to rema .
 darkaedineso  sdr medco  jdmaccoby .
 ethanhawken96  alyssa milano  amnestyusa thanks for the link  u n  is providing humanitarian aid  they re not fund .
 disrespectnomo1  jackieswift18  donaldjtrumpjr the caravans were fake footage    .
 qanon       very organized illegals  soros  deep state  rothschilds       sporting cell phones  brand name clothes  a .
 realdonaldtrump then the fake footage started  you  the gop and fox would tweet or broadcast the same photos and s .
 realdonaldtrump breaking  mexico  this morning the migrant caravan heading to the municipality of  huixtla  mexi .
migrant caravan heading to us border from south america   pieter ten hoopen agence vu wpp 2019  .
undercover  american red cross assists migrant caravan in arizona church     via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  ilhanmn  msnbc  cnnpolitics  adl  ajc  cbs    abc  cairnational  nbc  theview       spre .
 gameofthrones is it just me or is  gameofthrones symbolizing our current political climate  the wall coming down .
is it just me or is  gameofthrones symbolizing our current political climate  the wall coming down is the migrant c .
mueller report drops thursday  this seems like a convenient week for conservative media to get a new migrant caravan to get going .
 bradmossesq the holiday where we jews remember what it s like to be slaves  strangers in a strange land  refugees .
and democrats still insist on open borders because having a wall is expensive and not  perfect         .
 michellemalkin thank you for sharing that  always follow the money  shouldnt that be a for profit organization  i .
remember lady frijoles  she s been arrested for assaulting the woman who gave her a place to stay    migrant caravane .
 speakerpelosi i call on nancy pelosi to end this russia investigation  no collusion no corruption  time to move on .
 dphillips78  repswalwell  realdonaldtrump since when has no wall been better than a wall  you say you are not craz .
 speakerpelosi you demon rats refuse to help trump build a wall  border agents are overwhelmed  finally a militia i .
 thothmark  realdonaldtrump we should protect our border with advanced technology  drones  electronic fencesetc  no a outmoded wall .
sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talking about    it s for people fed u .
 robertdumaine  heeeellllooooo oh my goodness yes i unfollowed her too  she is on a self destructive path and i ref .
 oann but according to  speakerpelosi and  senschumer there is no emergency   potus build the wall   close the bord .
if no action  border  or large sections of wall right now .
oh shut up already  enough w the mueller report   why aren t u working instead of another vacation   we want the bo .
 lioncross1  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa no  trump is trying to divide the american people  otherw .
border wall  no  democrats don t really hate it  they just hate president trump   investor s business daily .
 realdonaldtrump i have got a call yesterday  it was a survey call about the border wall  it was number one for yes .
 andrewpollackfl we need the wall  amp  no more requesting asylum  when they cross the border illegally  the law needs .
 friedkale21 gladly i would help on that wall  everyone can tell there is a emergency on the border that even sanct .
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump if he doesnt fix border with a concrete wall and a moat then no i wont vote for .
se vuelven invisibles  no hay suficientes intrpretes de lenguas indgenas en las cortes de ee  uu  espaol .
 cid artanis  jjauthor a wall is a waste   you ve not seen what s going on  basically we have no border  why you s  .
this iconography is pure cognitive frenzy  caspar david friedrich   richard peter  sr   angel of history  over the .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump no collusion    no obstruction        time to find another witch hunt        failed witchhun .
u s  dea  border wall or no  drone drug smuggling likely to increase   rotor  amp  wing international   .
 repbarbaralee to recap       no collusion      no obstruction      no immigration reform      govt still in healthcare bus .
 marcorubio  jguaido  time no to us involvement in venezuela   focus on building a border wall and fixing the immigration system .
 fishin me  hul10  raniakhalek i have no doubt it is being orchestrated  let s use our critical thinking skills  no .
 greenleegazette  what will the dems run on in 2020  impeachment  amp  cut ice funding no border wall  free everything  .
 borne1981  wptv a port is a secure border which is where this was stopped  you dont just get to come and go as yo .
surveying the border    no wall here    .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann potus congratulations   you should now put out a commercial that shows images of th .
dems have defeated  voted no on every bill that benefits american citizens yet benifits illegal undocumented wanna .
isn t this peace process just great  maybe we do need a hard border afterall  first though deport all the violent r .
national butterfly center posts when your city passes a no border wall resolution  then issues permits for the busi .
every day on the news there are so many murder stories  multiple that buy every city in the usa   we are a dangerou .
no matter if the wall is built  there will always be individuals crossing the border and the problem will never end    hist416.
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump yes i will vote for trump but the border situation has gotten worse and hrc  amp  obam .
 cnn oh no  i suppose we re going to have to build a wall along our northern border now and get canada to pay for it .
 isabellabardoel you dont know the us dems well enough   i forgive you because youre north of the border  build t .
now az having a emergency in yuma  and the dems say there is no crisis  this is crazy  time for all the good old bo .
 anncoulter great  wed be a socialist nation with a strong border  we wont need a wall then because no one will want to come here anymore .
i really don t get the  omg  house dems can t impeach because it will fail   mentality  technically  everything the .
we the people will build the wall  close the border  fix the laws  build the wall  and then .
 woody35771540 yes so its ok whats going on in the states with a huge ring of opioid crime going on  you think a .
 gt  the states primary roleincreasingly  its only roleis to police the interior and guard the border  citizenship .
 elnotorious 35 terrible argument for the wall debate   no mexican  american  canadian  etc  forced her to use drug .
 dev0ra wld bernie snatch kids at the border    get rid of the aca    disrespect a dead soilder     no equal pay      bld a .
 ingrahamangle no  because it just goes to show how much they truly care about the people  on the other hand  i hav .
screw you sir   the northern border has been breached   no net no wall   as a bald eagle flys by    .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump here is what trump will do say  because we know he is going to go off the rails       wa .
 gatewaypundit didnt he ask for them       isnt he a no wall no border kind of guy .
 vp  cbp no border wall on native american lands  sign this petition now .
 hrorshach  jeromysmith  alecjasonn  magzdilla2early  aoc the wall would help but only small areas  not across the .
 realdonaldtrump there is no wall being built        the only crisis at the border is the deliberately criminal and c .
see border patrol does their job    no wall needed    these people would probably enter at entry points if they werent .
in the third episode of our audio book  no wall they can build  we review how nafta  amp  border militarization created .
 epochtimes  corybooker sooo    he will back president trump in building the wall and changing immigration laws   m .
 teri17333807  realdonaldtrump abd lying about the wall and border security  which is severely undermanned at a tim .
america can    fundthewall      the american border fndt  is an irs approved 501 c 3 non profit that delivers funds direc .
      this took place on tuesday night at 1 00am  this group came from guetamela  share this on .
 realdonaldtrump you are a malignant  pathological liar  no new sections of wall are being built  there is no crisi .
aclu  our lawsuit argues that the president s declaration  amp  diversion of funds violates core constitutional princip .
 realdonaldtrump border patrol doing a great job and a lot of the wall already being built  doesn t sound like a cr .
drug trafficking across borders     aoc  realdonaldtrump  democraticparty       the only possible .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex when you gave no border wall    you have to put borders around everything you care about .
too often  usa given 2 choices  amp  they both push us left  no wall  but illegals either enter by border or enter by sanctuary city .
 tampke  glenn wofford  kessol  thesandmanslim  garner forest  gillhammel  nratv  stinchfield1776 a border wall fun .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz no  you werent  you phony  .
no bullshit  they ain t come across the border and force her to take it  a crackhead will find anyway to get what t .
 jaketapper close the border  build a wall to prevent the         oh wait  no that cant be right .
help us support the tohono o odham nation by signing our petition   msw52101 no border wall  protect the tohono o o .
now he says there s a problem  but he still says no wall needed       cory booker   we do have a problem at the souther .
 c0lettea its as if you believe the cartel is just blatantly walking tons of fentanyl over the border  no theyre .
 realdonaldtrump no not everyone  only 1  of americans made a fortune off trump while the other 99  has to pay for .
deport deport deport    close the border   martial law at border   ban illegals fr texas  az   ban anchor babies   tax remitt .
 warriorgirl56 you do know that there isn t a wall on the entire border  right  only 1 3 of the border has fencing  .
 realdonaldtrump no new sections are being built  that too is a lie  the border control is the best it s been in years no ego wall .
 zstoltenburg the shutdown happened because congress said no to the 5 billion dollars he added to the budget  to fu .
 bondr4  dasaknee18  davery9192  realdonaldtrump that is not through the no wall border that is the entire border s .
beto  the border wall  as a wise man once said  no diggity  .
 realdonaldtrump the people arriving at the border now are asking for asylum  not sneaking in  no wall can prevent .
 mattgaetz is a shameless liar  he represents wall prototypes as the wall being built  even though they are 100 mil .
 realdonaldtrump there are no new walls   stopped lying       .
no border wall  stop mr  president  manmadedisasters  noborderwall .
no wall has been built  the only crisis at the border is the one you created and has nothing to do with congress  a .
rep  matt gaetz r fl   trump s ass kisser  knows no lie he can t tell  100 miles from the border  he declares  i m .
 realdonaldtrump donny youre all over the place here    1   theres a national emergency  amp  you need to recall congre .
 realdonaldtrump liar   there is no border wall being built  bring repaired yes with    from bush  amp  obama for that purpose.
 repmattgaetz is lying  there s no wall being built  amp  he s not at the border        .
 marthamaccallum  bretbaier  foxnews  berniesanders    questions you should ve asked     govt makes decision end of lif .
 repmattgaetz no it s not  you re not even at the border  you re a liar  what s wrong with you  what kind of people .
for nancy pelosi to say  we are a nation of immigrants   and pay no attention to how bad the conditions are at bo .
 pmcpune nature loving citizens of pashan sus road were promised that no concrete will be used in the beautificatio .
 realdonaldtrump donald there is no section of border wall being built w money or plans allocated during your admin .
 aoc  ewarren if that was the case taxpayers  funded  abortion  wouldn t  be happening    a  border wall 100  would .
 b52malmet  nytimes trump  amp  nra supporter  no wall at the southern border stopped this .
the last days of america          youpeoplegotplayed    and now the wolves have you outnumbered and surrounded       no wal .
 cassywearsheels  ericswalwell so no wall at the border but walls around legal gun owners  got it .
1  shes 100  legal you absolute idiot   2  shes not mexican you absolute idiot   3  no we cannot build a wall with ev .
 inthematrixxx  potus they are on the take  from both sides getting     to keep border open  no wall.
 orinkerr border  a wall isnt necessary  they are wonderful people  no criminals  no diseases  huge contributors  .
 realdonaldtrump well if you re having big sections of the wall built   and the border patrol is there   no problem stalin .
 realdonaldtrump you are lying  no new sections of the wall have been built by you  for your wall  the only parts t .
 realdonaldtrump there is no border wall being built  replacement sections that started years ago are not a new wal .
 realdonaldtrump no wall is being built   only replacement sections of the old border fencing .
 realdonaldtrump sounds like everything is going great then with the amazing wall being built and border patrol huh .
how exactly do you propose to fix this problem    i want details  the democrats vote down funding for a wall  and t .
 senatortester here s a list from this common sense  montanan    1  build the wall    2  stop the flow of immigration u .
 realdonaldtrump this lie is getting old  donald  no one is building new sections of your wall  change your policie .
 realdonaldtrump i live by the border  theres no wall being built  oh wait its a fake wall from the fake president .
 realdonaldtrump so  where are the republicans and whens your next vacation   you really abuse the power in the of .
you catching this  maga   no one insults your intelligence more than  trump et al bc they know youll believe all .
 chuckles711 the democrat s are not saying there is no crisis at the border they are saying trump created this cris .
 dncwarroom latest projections are 250 000 illegals crossing the border per month by june  thats a lot of illegal .
 realdonaldtrump quit lying no new border wall has been built since you took office .
 realdonaldtrump no border wall on native american lands  sign this petition now  .
 soygir1  cadudefrank  derrick38213569  msnbc no  but it is hateful to demand a wall around one border and not the .
     gaetz s eagerness 2 help trump in whatever way he can seems 2 know no bounds  sopretending he was at the sout .
 realdonaldtrump first off  no one approved your fake wall       second  the border problem is caused by .
there is no crisis on the southern border   the democratic socialist party wants to tear down the wall  what the h .
 realdonaldtrump since golfing  watching television and tweeting are not presidential responsibilities  you have es .
trump needs to put the border wall on the northern side of california and the rest of america     californians no lon .
narrator  there were no sections of a border wall being built .
trump urges dems to  return from their vacations   address border crossings   thehill   no wall being built   .
 realdonaldtrump  vacations    immigration laws    border  and  wall  are not  proper nouns  mr  melania knauss  .
 repmattgaetz but you just said border control detained them  perfect  no need for a wall.
 bondr4  dasaknee18  davery9192  realdonaldtrump the thing is your so blindly led your ready to look at one person  .
california hits back as trump threatens to  dump  immigrants in  sanctuary cities   californ .
 cory80611229  truthspeaks 101  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump its not going to       trump lied       there is no plan for .
 mb3252  gop they re totally insane   the solution is right at the us southern border   hahaha        and no  open bo .
 realdonaldtrump wrong and lies   no new section of wall is being built         even if it were  a new wall will not pr .
 annelamott concealer  and no  youve made it anne  and your dowry of goats is still walking south from canada  if .
 realdonaldtrump  liar no parts of the  wall  are being built  existing fencing is being fixed  there is no emergen .
 realdonaldtrump first it s  on the border  not  or the border    second there are no big sections of new wall bein .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz he is 100 miles from the border doing what matt gaetz does best   lie to people hopin .
 cbpelcentro prison walls  to keep prisoners in  but no border wall  to keep trash out    .
 stacylovelife  realdonaldtrump you said no wall has been built yet  well this shows otherwise    .
 realdonaldtrump why only democrats need to return and change immigration law   i believe you need republicans to d .
 realdonaldtrump obama s wall is being built  you have no wall being built on your own  you need immigration rules  .
 realdonaldtrump 100 000 illegals a month  some with gangs  some with criminal records  some with terrorist ties  s .
 realdonaldtrump 1 the republicans are on vacation too   2   vacation   border   wall  no capitalization needed  3  .
 sensualstories no worries  ever  but even in what is great forgiveness capacity  genocide i cant look over  id l .
 realdonaldtrump the only new constructions on the southern border are you tent towns concentratin camps    the wall  .
democrats  love comey when he spies on trump  hate comey when he investigates hillary  ag barr is a great guy  unti .
 realdonaldtrump no one believes you and certainly no one believes any part of your magical border wall is being bu .
 unfollowtrump so the big sections of wall are making the border worse  what does this mean  also  it s easter week .
 breitbartnews  repmattgaetz good thing there s no such thing as ladders and rope  doubly good thing there s no suc .
trump must quit spending millions to golf at his courses  amp  creating a crisis by lying about the border  no sections .
 realdonaldtrump cut the bs  tubby  no sections of new wall  big or small  are now being built  you created the bor .
 repmattgaetz ummm   no  coolidge  az not the border  not the vanity  border  wall     site for building of demonstra .
 realdonaldtrump no p trump gop dems r not going change laws or do anything about border because r all corp bribed .
 realdonaldtrump by your poor writing  it reads that you want dems to change the border    you had 2 full years to g .
 realdonaldtrump translation  i take a vacation every weekend  i have taken more vacations than any other president .
 realdonaldtrump 262 days if playing golf instead of working on border security stop your vacations  no new wall has been built another lie.
companies warn trump  census citizenship question could be costly       corporate kleptocracy  t .
 realdonaldtrump republicans have control of the senate        2 yrs of a gop held all 3 branches of federal gov and yo .
 realdonaldtrump lies  no new sections of wall being built         gop had 2 years congressional control  amp  did nothing  .
 realdonaldtrump 1  you had a republican congress for two years and did nothing  2  it s gotten worse because you a .
theres no emergency here    democrat leftist have said many times that the border is safe  amp  theres no need for a wa .
 gaetz s eagerness to help trump in whatever way he can seems to know no bounds  sopretending he was at the southe .
 nytimes 2 2 all this was planned and played right  into their national emergency  they conspired with border pat .
 richard70388085  elmaaksalic  oann  potus list them here please     tax cut for the richest   no achievement   border .
 scottpresler no actually trump and the republicans are even more responsible than the democrats  trump as presiden .
 d20310275  melonclamps  speakerpelosi don eller go to the  border  on both sites and look for your self   there is .
there is no wall or border patrol in this area of arizona  god bless  vopreal    every day out trying to stop traff .
 potus   no way they never paid into it   not right or fair    we will end up with a bunch of lazy pot smoking morons .
 gop  realdonaldtrump a wall will not help current crisis  things have changed    if trump actually cared about borde .
let s keep it going in support of  tohonooodham sign and share   respecttheland  msw52102 .
 dance always    elizareynick  furburglarr  lauriebriggs11  barbann76  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
border wall  then no fences   walls   no locks  no security measures  all welcome open door policy here  make any a .
sick of hearing nonsense  all talk  no walk  if they really believe what they preach  amp  want to run the us  then why .
 sensherrodbrown 100 000 illegals a month  some with gangs  some with criminal records  some with terrorist ties  s .
 refugees where is the humanity  wall   border  violation  war  oil      no identity   no work permission   no home   no secu .
 lulabellamia  darrell hiatt  cindyloucoffey1  politicalshort  kamvtv  mayorofla  lisamei62 actually my quote is fu .
 mamendoza480  anncoulter they dont care about the border  they already have a wall around their homes  why not tea .
 andrewpollackfl  realdonaldtrump best idea ever    deport all immediately to sanctuary cities    dumped them back in i .
 fairimmigration border wall  no catch and release  no asylum admittance .
 sinamossayeb indeed  in my mind  once you established the principle of border  any materialisation of it is equall .
 gavinnewsom what border challenges are you talking about  you have clearly stated before there is no crisis at the .
 ryanafournier  williamlgensert i thought sanctuary cities were intentionally set up for illegals as safe places  n .
 repdustyjohnson i have to assume all the children were gang members and drug runners  no  they were fleeing terrib .
 d20310275  speakerpelosi the wall is nothing but a joke   a symbol of racism  the wall will never be built  neve .
yuma  arizona mayor declares emergency over migrant situation   foxnews here come all the il .
 aoc dream on  liberal hatred and socialistic ideas are not going to win over americans  5k is a drop in the bucket .
 realderekutley there is no border wall and will not be one  but if you feel strongly enough about it  you can donate all of your savings.
close the border  build the wall  start inspections of every vehicle  amp  person entering the usa build more port lane .
they have no intention of constructing a border wall   im a trump supporter who finally realizes when it comes to .
 repandybiggsaz we in arizona know where the true problem is  pima county  90 miles of mexican highway 2 run along .
 lorettaslaught1  jlbarra  repdonbeyer  presssec im so sadden that you have no common sense  especially with canda .
 realdonaldtrump you had two years to do what you wanted at the border  you did nothing    now you want to blame the .
 jeanne returns  borip12  cnnpolitics they asked him to overturn congress in order to reach into pockets he had no .
this is a section of the southern border in yuma  all illegal immigrants have to do is get across this small  shall .
hey     howarda esq can you play  good ol  hockey game    huge fan of  nhlflames  playoffs going a little rough for u .
.
lets hear it loud and clear  no border wall  respecttheland  breakdownthewall  noborderwall  msw52102 .
 floridavoternpa  bquegan  arthurschwartz  billdeblasio  realdonaldtrump no   potus is championing a wall on the bo .
people that have really no laws to work over corruption in washington  in the new star of the statements where come .
 gopchairwoman  flotus nice  then they get to hear her  husband  fuhrer tinypaws von brainlessnazishiitbaag is send .
 keilet fa  dashiviv  terilynns  georgetakei democrats are focused on reuniting children taken from their parents  .
 alexebriand  inmylife1751  bethy co  cher unfortunately thats not what shes been saying for the past two years  .
so in bernie sanders townhall on fox  he was asked  if u were president where would you place all the immigrants ov .
 reppetestauber you were not at the border       coolidge  az is at least a 100 miles from the border  why lie  why d .
 kyoung42350679  don thecon  bonzoboy  top sergeant  roclogic  infantry0300  craigco62  driveracash  usmclegbreaker .
 1mrsopinionated  abc  thisweekabc nobody is stopping them from doing their jobs  they simply cant use state resou .
 c0lettea  kamivein  jepadu  debrahu63414379 lol  idk if you pay attention to your president  but um drugs are gonn .
 politico i want solutions  no more analysis  i think most get the problem s   talk to me about solutions  spark di .
 thehill  secupp for shame cory booker  the problem is the admin  use to live 17 mi from the ca border  no way to g .
 cher which is exactly why we need serious immigration reform and a border wall   we need to be putting citizens fi .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz sign up for our all new censorship free social media platform that everyone is talki .
 kwikwarren they could get clean water for flint for less than 1  of what trump and republicans want for the stupid .
 lukas bloxburg i have an idea for you when it comes to the headboard  glitch the bed through the wall  amp  find a sim .
 lindseygrahamsc don t know how to share  plz watch jim benvie s video of mon nt s rushing of el paso border   2 gr .
 yoshiki  teamyoshiki  wearex      hi  2019 4 17      no wall no border             .
 gop  realdonaldtrump this is the smoking gun that trump and gop will continue to block or slow walk any effective .
 kashattucker  thedailybeast i never said i don t want them in my city  you need to stop watching fox news because .
close border until all immigrants returned      no more muslims until wall built.
president trump s border wall is an illegal use of taxpayer money that will harm our communities  join me and say n .
wait  what  the democrats are upset about illegal aliens being sent to sanctuary cities  they say we don t need a w .
 dunlaingrob  lienomail mrs may agreed the backstop  uk did not agree the backstop    ther is no need for a backstop .
 il4tulsi  grumpybirdies first 2   need 65k   next 1 and beyond   must pay allegiance to zionism  stand up for all il .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump there is no wall being built  fencing from a 2006 bill ha .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile  oann a  news source  that s owned by agop donor         .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump cc what happened at the border no troops no wall no caravan you and youre master  or sm .
 msnbc  kasie no  chucktodd trump doesn t really care about a wall border because 10 year federal study that stephe .
so if the end times are just around the corner  there s really no point to a border wall afterall  is there  .
human rights first argues there s no need for new immigrant processing detention facilities at the border  it maint .
i love that we re winning the meme wars       i love that the culture war has completely shifted and now conservative i .
no pesos for a wall    no better health care or meds program   go after preexisting conditions in court    no better re .
 whitehouse  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse    first  days  er first 2 yrs  wasted trying to repeal replace aca w  no r .
 pennyjaynes  sweettweettdude  jrubinblogger exactly why the original tweet is ludicrous  that is some fox news log .
 ilmforg let s hear an alternative  billdeblasio        liberals won t address our crisis     border states can handle no .
 realdonaldtrump well said mr  donal trump no to the wall on the southern border give them the opportunity.
 gop  realdonaldtrump border security   yes   wall   no   separating children  amp  families   no    cutting aid to ctrl so america   no.
no border wall replica will go up at todays build the wall bill of rights bash at wsu pullman  protestors  pictu .
 bradfordblaser  kylekashuv then i m guessing you support a wall on the border because any lives saved from crimina .
several people at this rally tell me this is simply a bill of rights discussion  no border wall will be built  they .
 jmessycar  christianjardi9  billkristol my main problem with trump is his incompetence  i m ok with a border wall .
amir h  rezamand  wsu cr president  says there is no border wall planned to be built today at  wsupullman       rezaman .
 outnumberedfnc watch all the time is jessica tarlov retarted  or just another stupid demo rat doing ther best to d .
just like the actual border wall  the wsu college republicans werent able to build it because its unfeasible and po .
wtf are you talking about  no  no  no  taxpayers are paying for     cost of 35 day govt shutdown    border wall using .
when a dr  is at a high casualty accident scene  he first has to stop the bleeding  that is no different than the s .
i see comrad  sensanders wants to build compounds down on the border for all these illegals  i say no  let s send t .
 raiderbgirl cant have it both ways   people want no wall on the border  but dont want to deal with those that cross illegally.
there is no greater threat to democracy than the cancer of  voterfraud  to those of you perplexed by the rabid tena .
wall street doesn t care about trade wars or if trump closed the border  look how they rally no matter how bad the .
 kamalsharmabjp  bjp4punjab  narendramodi  piyushgoyal  amitshah  dpradhanbjp  bjp4india  vijai63  subhash1978 .
 incindia  incpunjab lets build smart wall on full india pakistan border and base full surveillance so there are no .
 aroraamansunam  aappunjab  sandhwan  rourijai  arvindkejriwal  msisodia  aamaadmiparty  bhagwantmann .
those wacked out liberals think if trump doesn t get his wall they win    it s really the american people who wan .
 snarlakattack  andrewj99342924  trackershate every attempt to secure the border triggers leftists into a rage     if .
 chadfelixg npr interview and business insider magazine         listing of buttigieg policies    1  elimination of th .
 ed haege  liz wheeler  petebuttigieg no  you cant separate the man from the policies  why would you vote for a ca .
 karencotter14  kirkovitch  adambaldwin none of that suggests trump is serious about solving the problem        build t .
 jeanengel777  mahmoodar84  vdub dad  assadist3  jack03226799  eretzisrael4evr  immort4l legacy  proof en .
 johnjacoby65  cbparizona have been outstanding in their efforts to address our security threats  but they are over .
 unclewillie631  gasbomb4  floridalass  joeconchatv npr interview in business insider magazine         listing of but .
 avabdc  dancrenshawtx  gop dan  your use of  illegally cut in front  shows your ignorance of our laws  undocumente .
 friendlyassh0le so ignorant   she must not realize the wall was meant for the southern border  there is no intenti .
 anncoulter im all for responsible immigration restraints  but that discussion can not be had when wall people k .
 mattgaetz wow  theyre building a wall across the north florida border  had no clue  way to be in your actual district for a moment .
 fernandoleanme  csa facts  angiebatlle  senmarkey  foxnews speaking of canada  why no wall up there  why only the .
 housegop  repwalberg  dailysignal oh  knock it off       texas border sheriffs  there is no crisis and we dont w .
house  noone gets through that  they just work  and if the wall fails she has armed guards with ar 15 m4s aka full .
why did democrats run on securing the border in the past and building a wall they said it to get votes but they had .
 repbost the tax cuts for the middle class are very small and only temporary        the federal deficit doubled       infra .
you honestly think its easier to try  amp  fool security then you walk over a border with no barrier whatsoever  hungar .
 washingtonpost  nytimes    if i had a family living in a poor latin american country and earning pennies a day for a .
a simple technology could secure the us mexico border for a fraction of the cost of a wall  but no one s talking a .
in other words  think of it as a clean sweep for the president  the border is now officially broken  the border eco .
 greenbergedward 15 years on opioid medication not an addict with chronic pain patient now i have no quality of lif .
no    absolutely not    you come here legally or dont come at all    think about the people waiting to come here legally .
 tatsujinuk  anncoulter rotflmao  um no  .
 seungminkim says the one who pushed the border wall issue instead of the economy during the 2018 election despite .
 realdonaldtrump no border wall construction   poetry.
 grainangry  claudethewriter  jordanuhl  mehdirhasan i dont subscribe to that  everyone has the right to speak any .
 realdonaldtrump why was the border not shut  lawless  sickly people are coming in where there is no wall .
so they want no border wall but dont want the illegals in their cities   in other words  screw you texas  arizona .
 realdonaldtrump no new border wall  no mexican money  .
 if the situation deteriorates  it could create a major humanitarian crisis that no border wall  no matter how tal .
 stevepopescu  newsweek     no       it s about trumph s dumb  big mouth            we had no border problems  until trumph s .
 potus backing my president doing a great job for america thank u president trump  build that wall stop catch and r .
 donaldjtrumpjr that is so true cher  the entire united states of america is the same way  we should build the wall .
 jsibley99  lorrielife  ehjustmehere  jordanfabian  nbcnews the same goes for your claim that a border wall will no .
 realdonaldtrump thanks for the warning  as a result there has been a mass exodus of people leaving minnesota and .
 senfeinstein thanks for trying to keep kids safe  i see people want to make it about the wall on the border and la .
 gayrepublicswag just a few days ago they were chanting   no border  no wall  sanctuary for all   guess they changed their mind .
 alyssa milano  amnestyusa build a wall  less people attempt to illegally cross  border patrol arrest less  no over .
 c0lettea  airbornex82nd  speakerpelosi so sorry for your loss  people need to realize that our children are being .
how stupid is trump s masterplan  round up migrants and send to sanctuary cities means there are no more migrants a .
 realdonaldtrump omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border   no   end sanctuary ci .
 realdonaldtrump omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border   no   end sanctuary ci .
 realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border .
 realdonaldtrump omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border   no   end sanctuary ci .
 realdonaldtrump omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border   no   end sanctuary ci .
 realdonaldtrump omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border   no   end sanctuary ci .
omnibus wall money required   no   gov  shutdown   cave   close mex border   no   end sanctuary cities   no   get my vote in 2020   no.
 allierenison  monkey  mark hang on  this guidance is saying there will be no tariff wall  at least on the u k  sid .
 tomcoates  zztsd  julie kelly2  jkgaddisjulie  speakerpelosi  potus  senschumer sounds like you re trying to convi .
 gopnwo  richardveltrop  itsmecathi  realdonaldtrump the employers   its not illegal to cross the border its ille .
 speakerpelosi jfc  nothingdonein100days      open borders   no budget   no building border wall   antisemitic democrats cove .
 realdonaldtrump the wall stronger appearance on the border and last but not least no sanctuary cities after all we .
 mphoanswer  mugiranezamago1  cyrilramaphosa the us is struggling to build a wall because at this point they know t .
author don winslow on the border wall   it will do absolutely no good       don winslow  bestselling author of 13 crime .
 alberto37324764  brandon r horan  realdonaldtrump again  they did not come to usa hidden in a truck  boat or cross .
i once flew almost the entire length of the us mexico border as part of a military exercise   in a test plane   and .
much of today s migration is driven by climate change  no border wall och brutalist policy will change or stop that .
 anxious440  jeffbai84014057  travisallen02  nfb11 what do you call a border without a wall  its either open or cl .
husband who has no criminal record     how about instead of a vanity wall  non border state folks there is a wall o .
 cher stop voting in politicians who take money from the cartels to keep the border open  you know who they are  th .
 skinnyrene  realdonaldtrump dems all wanted a border wall as president trump stated at his address the nation spee .
 marklutchman jan 2017 to jan 2019      the rep party held the wh and both houses of congress  amp  had full control  durin .
urgent   realdonaldtrump   potus   dhsgov   thejusticedept   donaldjtrumpjr    el paso  tx    no border wall .
no border wall   msw52101 .
 socalsyeren  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump that s all trump propaganda  i happen to host a few parties for some .
 bretbaier  marthamaccallum why didnt either of you correct him they come between the border entry where there is .
he has no clue  instead of reforming the work visa system and giving a path to citizenship to young people who ve n .
 lisalin59372402  vopreal there s no wall or much b p  along much of az border  trying to teach public what s really happening .
 bfriedmandc  danriffle  dancrenshawtx no border  no wall  amnesty for all .
 giuliag  itsmecathi  realdonaldtrump this meme says it all  we have plenty of home grown bad people  we do not nee .
 nevadajack2 did she listen to the border patrol regarding the wall  no  she listened to her own anger at trump and .
 danahoule  prisonculture just viewed his response   comprehensive immigration reform includes more judges  when pr .
 govbillweld simple winning platform  1 balance the budget 2  term limits 3  bipartisan immigration reform  with bo .
 realdonaldtrump wrong the forgotten voters are now forgotten even more         broken promises       no border wall      no .
 cher no he s making them face the consequence of failing to fund the border wall   sanctuary cities are a magnet f .
 berniesanders  nytimes    if i had a family living in a poor latin american country and earning pennies a day for a .
 cher yes   build the wall and enforce strict border control now  no open borders    .
 immigration     buildthewall    my solution   build wall  with immigration office at the border   immediately use .
i have no problem with sending them there  the ca dems shouldn t either   if they are being totally honest about th .
 cory not so spartacus booker is pandering and has no achievement no legislation passed so h .
 kevin01767519  wylde andrew  derek mafs  aoc like supporting oil and gas industries instead of the green new deal  .
 lindayski  senschumer no   you ve read  fake45 s alt history  you ve been gaslighted   babies in cages was not oba .
 teri kanefield  emmapeele3 dude backed down from securing the border last week       literally said he would wait a ye .
 sinistersmile25  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump no  but border agents have explained how it will help  most who .
 socalsyeren  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump you re right  you really have no idea   who s fighting border securi .
 dcexaminer there re no simple answers  amp  a wall alone won t solve them all  but as one part in the complex mosaic o .
measles outbreak all the kids coming in from south of the border without vaccinations started a new measles outbrea .
 realdonaldtrump you tried this trick with the omnibus and you blinked first  results  part of the border wall can .
rush limbaugh  trump should use  political capital  on immigration .
 juliet60098951  johnrut16443350  19kfish  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump yes  building a wall sends a cl .
the democrats  dog whistle  for amnesty and no border wall is  comprehensive immigration reform  .
i don t know  illegal alien invaders flooding across the border  no wall  job growth going primarily  in some areas .
 potus pelosi  democrats  amp  rhinos stated there is no crisis at the border so sending you 100 000 illegals that have .
 dawn demore1 how about this truth from fake news jim     .
 dems   1 we need more illegal invaders to help our economy  2 open borders is who we are    3 it is immoral to build .
 restrictions on their land and preventing visits within family groups      these are only some effects that will c .
 seanhannity  dems   1 we need more illegal invaders to help our economy  2 open borders is who we are    3 it is imm .
 berniesanders democrats had no intentions of coming to the table for a deal  they wanted to focus on trump russia .
 billcassidy according to pew research the number of illegal immigrants for 2016 alone was 5 2 million of which 1 6 .
 tenaciouse5 let me put it very simply       me  border wall will slow down drugs in the country   you  no it won t   me  a .
 realdonaldtrump what else did he say  no you are not making progress  because you have not gotten resources for pr .
 repmcgovern  bostonmarathon rep  mcgovern  trump s border wall is  immoral       you ve been working hard to get trump .
those sheep  amp  goats that wander back  amp  forth across the border   real crisis  this is bs  no sympathies scott  you  .
 jamesgdurrett no border experts think the wall is a good investment .
 berniesanders  sensanders ppl who want border security n a wall  like our  potus  arent against immigrants  but j .
then get behind the wall     he says no one argues with the idea of border security  but says there are better ways t .
 sengillibrand hell no  not until you support a border wall .
 foreverlogical  dianahollins  realdonaldtrump  cher officials fact check trump s basis for declaring national emer .
 juliet60098951  johnrut16443350  19kfish  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump no it doesnt  do you honestly .
 nicole balestri  washingtonpost no one is currently talking about mass deportation  the wall will slow down illega .
to elected officials i don t think it s right to go to on break until the crisis at the border has a solution this .
 potus its time to force the dems to address  immigrationreform     border wall   no more chain migration    no lottery .
democrats say this is fake news  no wall needed  open borders  illegal aliens better citizens than americans  build .
 whitehouse  chesscat48 from jan 2017 to jan 2019 when the republican party held the wh  amp  both houses of congress t .
as eyes elsewhere  trump s assault on our  children   science   future   robbing  kids to pay for his  over a trill .
keep families from separating by signing this petition   msw52102 donald j  trump  say no to a border wall and prot .
 realdonaldtrump so no border crisis then       old new  btw  and you fired him  remember   or is  dementia getting in .
 randyjgray there are many pictures of new and improved border wall construction  the wall is being built in areas .
 maries203 time to load them all up if they do not want to simulate  to this country  no exceptions  and close our .
no joking   get  immigrants into southern border wall construction labor training as part of their fast track to un .
author don winslow on the border wall   it will do absolutely no good  .
 gop  dnc get off your asses and do what is right for this country and close the damn border until the wall is buil .
   watch 16 minutes  into 700 clubs coverage on wall along the border and no wall along border areas san diego .
donald j  trump  say no to a border wall and protect the tohono o odham nation   sign the petition   via  change.
 speakerpelosi  ive lost a child   ive had the chance to watch my son died because there was no cure or treatment .
 cher  lwhaynes my entire home state is flooded with illegal immigrants  africans  haitians  dominicans  cubans  me .
phony liars  the celebs  amp  dems need to support illegal immigrants they are the ones who expect the working class   .
author don winslow on the border wall  it will do absolutely nogood .
 fmnjohn  calamitousfish  mattwalshblog oh  so are we going to ignore the actual professionals at the border saying .
 realdonaldtrump no  you  amp  the gop want open borders  you dont even really want a wall      if you  amp  the other corrupt .
 donkie1234  joecoolest1968  realdonaldtrump build wall california oregon border  no more implants  no more illegals.
 amabgirl1999  j3ennife4  reeseer1  jaydestro  jordanuhl these ppl largely come through legal channels at the borde .
author don winslow on the border wall   it will do absolutely no good  .
translation    refugees welcome  illegal immmigrants welcome  no border wall  let them all in        just don t house t .
 ayaalghazzawi  realdonaldtrump mr  trump  no muslim  worshiping the same god  a jewish jew  no christian can not h .
 realdonaldtrump mr  trump  no muslim  worshiping the same god  a jewish jew  no christian can not host a hostile b .
 realdonaldtrump you had the house  amp  the senate for two years   amp  totally failed  gt   reapealing  amp  replacing obamacare .
 archivist1000  low tex  bnicholsliberty  thelibrepublic the left blocks the wall  wants no border enforcement  and .
 kamalaharris you support the green new deal  you support no wall at the border  you support legal weed and prostit .
 coloradogoodbye no  amp  neither does anyone else  the vanity wall is not the end all  amp  be all of border security  amp  is .
 msw52101   .
 joniernst ernst  stop whining  theres no way we can afford flood relief for iowa while we pay for the republican .
 irondoctordc  powerto00263792  kurtschlichter a wall wouldnt have much effect  the seekers are at ports of entry .
 realdonaldtrump it a cathedral  historic building full of art an no forest    you should resign immediately for yo .
 realdonaldtrump 14 republicans voted against the national security emergency  knowing this is the only chance to g .
 herbert l reed hell maybe we need to put a border wall surrounding minnesota to keep all them libtards and muslims .
 thedailybeast libs need to make up their minds   when trump says we need a wall they all say there is no emergency .
 alonpinkas  haaretzcom  rc schneider i completely oppose aoc and her ilk  but please tell me why a country that ha .
 lindseygrahamsc it s the affordable care act  not obamacare   no way in hell will we have trumpcare  trump wants h .
still think we don t need a wall here       fact  france has no mexican border wall  and some jose burns their damn chu .
 rica43211  judgejeanine  hogangidley45 the law says enter ports of entry not wade through the water and sneak in o .
 marklutchman i am with you she wouldn t meet with pres trump when he wanted to meet she  amp  schumer closed govt  amp  bl .
 nytimes yet they say no effects from climate change global warming  what is trump  amp  republican politicians doing t .
the left  no human is illegal  the border wall is racism  let them in     trump  ok well heres a large amount of .
 ramrants oooohhh i so disagree  deport and post soldiers at the border  no entry  wall  legal immigration  no other way .
 juliadavisnews no wonder trfaustus continues to push for that so border wall    deripaska and his aluminum  steel pr .
we dont get no tax deductions   we don t need your border control   all the hypocritical sarcasm on your twitter feed .
 we need troops at the border  we need a wall  but there s no way you re going to stop the flow from central americ .
one of the most significant determiners of being pro vs anti a border wall is whether one is a college grad  more s .
 jclownz09  realdonaldtrump no  dems are putting americans in danger by not supporting a wall or changing the asylu .
 they re bringing drugs across the border    don t do drugs and there would be no need to build a wall  you fucking druggies .
 dcexaminer do the all in approach   drones  the wall  people   no reason to arbitrarily take things off the table .
 traderjohnt1  patriotmarie they didn t want the wall  free boarders  that s not our laws  wanted santuary cities s .
 illegals  amp   asylumseekers  most all of them storming our border  it seems   are a direct  negative  impact on long .
 realdonaldtrump tricky don the con we all know how you like to lie can you verify that this is an exact quote   amp   .
rush limbaugh  trump should use  political capital  on immigration .
respecting private land and environmental laws should be what we focus on instead of building a wall  please sign a .
 schensuz  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump nope    you are supposed to apply at the port of entry before entry    .
 realdonaldtrump who cares what mark morgan thinks  besides  he departing the role a day after you  trump  signed a .
 realdonaldtrump i agree    we need to fix the immigration issue  we need stricter laws  more border agents  no san .
 tomjchicago hes such a bad negotiator  i dont think hell take a 1st pass deal  he will fight until theres no d .
many of the old time congress people there for 30 40 yrs have done little to nothing to solve immigration problems .
 bearzbearzbearz  allisonbellam14  cnnpolitics  mic no  we just wall off sanctuary cities  the border wall will hel .
 realdonaldtrump this is an admission that there s no emergency at the border and that your wall s worthless  of co .
 realdonaldtrump trump  i m building a wall   dems  no it s immoral and useless    trump  i m closing the border   dems  .
 billymocolorado  realdonaldtrump if immigrants are sent to sanctuary cities that means     no need for a border wall .
 theamandashea  dhsgov there s no indication from news reports that any of the people involved in the incident had .
 jordanuhl  let me just point at this wall to represent our border and let me me compare a muslim politician to imm .
  lastweektonight  iamjohnoliver thanks alot 4 fear mongering against pain medication  u just make it harder  amp harde .
 realdonaldtrump 3 months ago   morgan said trump may have called for a wall along the entire border  but no one ac .
go to the border  you will see sections of it   nobody ever said the whole wall would be 30 feet   being stupid is .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump no wall it directly effects deer hunting on the texas border.
 okielibsherry  chuckrock  annabellet53  prattkap  speakerpelosi  aoc and he has the legal right to bypass congress .
 keithdb80  realdonaldtrump trump offered legal status to dreamers if they okd the wall and border security they s .
 sfalumberjack21  nosheepfollower so we disagree on the wall  okay  we can revisit that  on the sad state of vetera .
 lindseyarlos  morning joe  tomperez the only hope for the dem party is joe biden   the others are too radical  ope .
 pauljaeger16  realdonaldtrump well  that would meet with news  i have postulated that we need to put the wall one .
 awakenancyrn  kamalaharris the majority do not approve of border wall  security  yes  wall  no .
 lastweektonight  iamjohnoliver thanks alot 4 fear mongering against pain medication  u just make it harder  amp harder .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall and deport asylum seekers  put a rocket docket immigration system at border  no sen .
 edwardashton30  realdonaldtrump he s doing fine breaking promises without any help from democrats  no better healt .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump just fyi  theres been no new border barriers constructed .
 liberty4mankind  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump why would you spend so much money for something that doesnt address .
 realdonaldtrump well  still no wall being built   and no border shutdown       you still blaming democrats .
 realdonaldtrump well  still no wall being built   and no border shutdown       you blaming pelosi .
 realdonaldtrump president trump   california  amp  governor   if gov newsom doesn t wish to repay rapid rail funding       exe .
 deepstateshu  gop i see cracks in trump s republican senatorial support  impeachment proceedings will only cause t .
san diego  us border patrol has apprehended close to a quarter million unaccompanied children and families already .
 scottadamssays the house  amp  aclu  via lawsuits  have revealed they are the bosses   not the president  nadler said .
 realdonaldtrump please close the border and build a real wall where there is no wall to stop this invasion mr president   .
 unfollowtrump and if i were president  i wouldve fixed the border wall dispute without unnecessarily shutting dow .
 realjameswoods walls around their property to keep people out but no wall at our border   allow the immigrants in .
 cookie vegas  bogeymitchell16  davidlehmann09  speakheartedly  lincolnbevers  charliekirk11  berniesanders .
 adamschiff there s no doubt we have a border crisis  he s convened the best minds and the verdict is build a wall  wtf are you waiting for .
 price1000000  hillaryclinton  barackobama  comey  thejusticedept  fbi  realdonaldtrump  chriscoons no but its not .
many trump supporters are holding back until he solve the invasion border problem     i voted for immigration enfor .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump  7 president come to border see for yourself   dems mfg crisis no wall partial barr .
 mettie67 oh no  now unicorns will be condemned to death  they must be the ones responsible for all those bodies at .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump no the wall is to stop people from rushing the border and to make all com .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump you need to get some better looks girl and go to the people who live at the border trust .
 ifnotnoworg    no bind  bond border  wall  can stand the insane jews   whether family   relation  door  laws  nations  .
 speakerpelosi what is trump hiding with his tax returns  yeah  and what are you hiding  not wanting the wall is on .
 timothydsnyder and djt seems to have made few plans to combat russian interference for 2020  there s no cyber czar .
 celticryder24  cher  lwhaynes work with these countries   weve been sending them      for years and what has it y .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump show us that information  i live in arizona  we want a wall    also  the bo .
 berniesanders bernie  your horrible policy will cause the shutdown of an incomparable number of businesses and factories.
 stupette1974  catarinascats1  jaketapper  popehat get your facts straight  nyc has 329 confirmed cases of measles .
t4   nice shutdown inning for ralston  who records his second 1 2 3 frame of the day        the inning featured a pair .
wheeling island hotel casino racetrack suing over shutdown of sports betting app   wtrf  .
force shutdown   .
 hyndrid it may be faster but nahhh i ll pass  i just set my receiver to never do an auto shutdown and same for my .
 govnuclear  buildgreenus  grc2001  geoenergist but geo thermal fluctuates and is temporary  example  i live next t .
 is trying to shutdown our website  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 darkflare6  necro techmage oh  definitely not  but let s just say i had enough time to install an emergency shutdo .
 bitcoin  j8keb  jack  cocacola that said  i dont even want  jack to shutdown your account    id rather he give y .
this time the following week  you ll be partying to up with us for cinco de mayo  the music is going to be loud  th .
cusick allowed a triple but gets out of the inning with a flyout to left  deacs get the shutdown inning they needed .
 user47  flyingphotog i also saw during the shutdown that some people view indirect taxes  like on aviation fuel  t .
after another forced shutdown    issued from a stupid idiot on the net    i ask this person to identify him herself to .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better    in explaining ho .
us government shutdown proves the need for an emergency fund  drcorysfawcett  .
trump summons thousands back to work without pay as shutdown drags on   the new york times   .
 33643pts yes i really think he couldnt shutdown shaq  better have tried and failed.
 betamaxloss basically can only stay focused for 4hrs max per day  more and i m running on low battery  leads to me .
so my dual xeon  96gb ram workstation that i m using as a vm host doesn t like having especially external hard driv .
 croatis also i think he has like one even strength goal in his playoffs career  when johnny gets shutdown this guy cant score either .
how you shut down the nation s longest running public aquarium  via  natgeo.
actually  its     this week   jack please shutdown the  bitcoin account  because whoever runs it is clearly a disi .
 pamva65  denisethornton  jasperokaye  usatodaydc republicans control the senate  you know how govt works  right    .
 skynews 30 000 new protesters  on monday comming all roads will be blocked  and a completely  shutdown ect.
 deviiiced  lhx7  shutdown.
 arrowheadlive  itslilmooney we need a shutdown corner  and i hope ward is it  we need a guy that we can put on an .
lxer  five commands to check linux system shutdown reboot date and .
 georgechings  mimmitwit  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope the zim g .
what is a  labor  union   say it louder for those in the back    txaflcio  1u  unionbase  shutdown .
jokic needs to come to play in this game  he has been shutdown down this series.
 clistonbrown  ser1897  dacedolores like this one  perhaps      the margins are rather similar .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube   extinctionrebellion.
we gotta get bruh back to la .
trump promised tariff relief to america s farmers  but the shutdown left thirty seven thousand in the cold   .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 gsteck74  dgpurser they are the enemy of the people and should be shutdown  management should be charged with treason .
 reaiizt i just sent it  i hope it makes a few people giggle or smile before the shutdown  .
playing  now        shutdown  by  darkovibes    partypressure       w  djbongogh x  sabogsa        lakesidepartyabono.
damnnnnn derek with the shutdown .
that was a really great and quick shutdown inning there from kluber  sharp  too bad they didnt score the inning before .
 juliedicaro troll accounts that dont get shutdown on twitter  nooo   if its not a bot then someone is challenged .
 vrex7  bikemanstream only new broadcasters and ignoring those who were already supporting  they figured  they are .
time for me to beg for a shutdown inning    sfgiant  diadedutch .
dlo got ice in his his veins fr.
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  .
what is a  labor  union   say it louder for those in the back    txaflcio  1u  unionbase  shutdown .
rossdressforless southernnevadahealthdistrict   fox5vegas  news3lv  ktnv mayoroflasvegas this store should be shutd .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 tinker bell 04 wow  this is sad        the house needs to impeach  the senate won t but he will be crushed by the proc .
iphone6siphoneapple   iphone .
 pibblecollector  banewhitaker  snowbot00  jasondaigle  blueskyvalerie1  astros fan 1  mdcanniff  wpjenna .
dnyeman m w gouvman americain an te  shutdown  akoz bidj kongr a potko vote  sa te koz yo pat ka menm peye anp .
this game is horrible to dump with an xbox 360      there are sooooo many tiny files that it takes over 2 hours to du .
 venmo venmo is a scam and i cant wait for you to be shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump bullcrap  3 trillion dollar deficit  no universal health care  tax giveaway to the rich  cuts to s .
the helsinki summit was july 16  2018       i want live public televised hearings   i want to start with  was sco shutd .
 ochanya e30  ayeesha1709  bammybestowed laaaaate  never  this whole thread is a pre party   we just getting warmed .
 aishacmuq   cofffeee as to what i observe  business who start to decline and not make profit usually shutdown  if .
 very interesting read about the  aaf demise  finances  but why did he not partner with .
12 days of drunk               shutdown        .
conspiracy theory  national parks open for free on 4 20 so that they can write a ton of tickets for pot smokers and .
i can hang wit my son all day no problem just me and him  he really be chillin .
97   ccna   shutdown  no shutdown   6h 691h.
put him in the jail if mulana diesal party has intention of challenging the rit of riasatay pakistan   nobody shoul .
here is the real problem   we know  muellerinvestigation was shutdown by barr  yet our day to day lives mean rather .
 ianstclair  profootballhof loved watching him when i was younger  our first shutdown corner .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled   .
ok julio    time for one of those shutdown innings ive read so much about .
 siasatpk put him in the jail if diesal party has intention of challenge the rit of riasatay pakistan   nobody shou .
saw this at the gov shutdown  amp  wall shit my gawd can these politicians drop dead already .
 jamessurowiecki  elias isquith  heerjeet  jbouie  jhweissmann its wavered several time  his approval plummeted s govt shutdown .
 sharing         getting good grades        oh great        ummm    do you still have that whisky glass with you  there might b .
 nickguitar1776  lindapearl2 joe digenova is one of the most knowledgeable lawyers   love his shutdown of this fake news anchor.
 7 clare the culture inquiry was all a charade bridges has a pattern of behaviour where he holds an inquiry to shut .
 realdonaldtrump oh yeah  then there s the 64 6  million spent on 19 golf trips to mar a lago  not including the tr .
truth be told if im still on social media aint nothing really bothering me that bad  now if i shutdown  amp  disappear  thats another story.
 ron shanks21  mzhy 99  davidhogg111 respectfully  rr disagrees  uniforms make the 1 look like the other 99  how do .
 rothschildmd i thought praying medic shutdown shop  is he back again .
 1keecho  john50140083  tesla at least tesla pays their employees  our govt went into shutdown and made employees w .
 mizdonna  steph93065  drpainsinfo  chriswray3  doodlestrks  salty dawg69  nhmommy1  scotttbrower1  superelitee .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
dying to live   .
 barnacules i got muted long before that change you used to like make jokes it was not in till i criticized you abo .
our ceo s response to a potentially divisive question during a recent event was particularly notable  he immediatel .
being around a whole bunch of mfs dont excite me i get irritated  .
smokin some tree and kicking it talking about new business ideas on a beach type vibes  gt  gt  gt .
 leratokganyago next thing you ll hear i ve been hacked .
if  randyrrquaid isnt convincing  i dont know what is   shutdown  .
 gilbert458  msnbc  maddow so you are one of those masochist trumpers  donny is  amp  will make lives miserable for his .
most miserable shutdown ever   lol i dont think any of us could walk after it was done      .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify      .
 gilbertpharmd  bherrm59  ashp empharm some of it is just a marker for severity  super sick   txa  less sick   no t .
 itsmecathi serious answer        yes  here is a pic of trump working to avoid the government shutdown at a completel .
 bafana nhlapo im currently in paris and to see the total shutdown because of this notre dame  if only the same ef .
automatic repair was unable to repair your pc  great  clicked advanced options  then shutdown and continue with .
 gmanisq  joshtpm i m banking on mueller anticipating an abrupt shutdown which was on the brink of happening  we no .
 sweetiewalker  m2670art  becpt  marklevinshow  sentedcruz i actually have been for a permanent partial government .
tree across road  rt29nb between rt3 exit and rt666 exit  culpeper so expect delays find alt route  lh lane shutdown.
 braincommando  onezim2  matigary the wifi in the tube is not accessible to everyone  it depends on your mobile net .
 waco  ih 45 nb 190 fatality crash shutdown  reroute mm 189 freestone co.
youtube disabling certain channels comment section feels like the equivalent of the govt shutdown  when will it end .
 gmasuerox  desertcrewdog  liz wheeler blablabla  we real americans will re elect donald trump in 2020  then watch .
 lydiamilller  realdonaldtrump or the reason he even talked about them  cause due to the government shutdown he bou .
what are shutdown innings.
group of minnesota parents calls for shutdown of child protective services .
power shutdown in jmuparts .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 discordapp you should add a shutdown mode where only the owner and people with administration can see the server while no one else can .
 philipleff why are they running so few trains this weekend  its not even the shutdown yet .
here we go  jt  shutdown inning from the jump and let s roll from there .
trying to enjoy myself at busch gardens but literally every ride ive attempted to get on has been shutdown i even .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown .
t2  no problems for luke in 2nd frame  shutdown inning for junior  10 pitches this time  seven strikes  popout to b .
 twitter  onukakmfonobong  nikobassy  clinton vice b  mr preshus  holysaintbj  eja87084864  blessing fridae .
e6   brown 6  columbia 1      big shutdown frame for delano .
holland shutdown 1st inning with some assist from the ump  that curve called a strike         sfgiants.
 oyorooms  riteshagar  bjp4india  government should control it company like oyo cheating customers and looting cust .
let s see the sixers with another shutdown 3rd here .
 st0ckm0nster awesome as always  thank u for this  one thing that keeps bugging me is how ceo blamed govt shutdown .
 essenceoflight     a mental shutdown  what do you mean .
 gold blooded5  small1ldy1  andrewmmedina  maddow  speakerpelosi she s all that and more   but she better get a dam .
 newedensurvival this monster is what you have to face  do not kill it though  if you kill it you will trigger a me .
    americans don t want a govt shutdown  but if this is the price that must be paid to protect democracy  better t .
 bitchassbowie   atelierblanc does this seem familiar to a certain youtube channel that got shutdown .
the energy at  silkshutdown events are crazy   the shutdown is no exaggeration.
 gsuite  googlecalendar  verge can access my google   again  why shutdown  what next.
somebody needs to start a  googledeadpool with a list of products and bets on when they will be abandoned       sidebet .
n c a a  proposal to curtail graduate transfers is voteddown .
 asheeshksi  capehartj congress is already investigating       congress was already investigating       democrats have had .
alright  just got x11 working on my rx 560    really smooth  until it crashed  d did so when starting firefox  coul .
 karyan1ryan mueller investigation took 42 million from manafort so it actually made money  unlike trumps voter fra .
fauxtus  amp  corrupt gop obstruct justice  separate families  shutdown govt while ignoring election interference  spre .
 frankmartin sc  jasonludwig  jharden13  amp  the keeper of  best man shutdown  d on this planet hath spoken   amp  he even .
behold dani just basking in me having a complete mental shutdown when i visited the studio.
paradise lost  burnout paradise shutting down servers in august  .
a casino operator is suing a tech company after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betting platform at two wes .
anyone want to shutdown dudley.
friday  april 26th  cinmakeloveday checklist    cable bill paid   dvr set   tissues ready   phone to be in shutdown mode .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown a simple tweak of the windows 10 registry file can elimi .
bbm         .
bbm         .
who wouldnt be angry at being falsely accused  harnessed  amp  belittled in the media all day everyday yet  amp  although .
  zack thompson25 puts up a shutdown inning in the seventh       m7   ut 4  uk 2      schultz  collett  shelby and reed due up .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
 jamilahtemfack mais a se peut pas ils vont shutdown lcole .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 ser1897  dacedolores  clistonbrown in other words  i dont see why drumpf cannot be humiliated politically  and  a .
finally a statement from charlie ebersol        makes it seem like this thing really was all dundons fault        .
which of the following modes will provide retrieval of a previous computing session with the least amount of boot u .
 bucko19891  99freemind lol you re a bot on a farm and i just pinged you re ip time too take out the trash  burn yo .
last tweet bago mag shutdown cellphone ko.
 tecnomobileng my dreams was shutdown bcoz i miss a serious man i life if am opportune l will be not let you guys d .
it might sound unpopular  but either muellers investigation was shutdown or he did a pretty shitty job  mind you  p .
 drscriptt  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen i didn t know about the windows shutdown command until now  .
 dvvidmurray get her on shutdown all star remix.
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
its shutdown zoos  circuses  and seaworld gang forever.
 thom hartmann  jersey craig fauxtus  amp  corrupt gop obstruct justice  separate families  shutdown govt and endanger .
 ethanhu94374063  totemtommy234  borderlands  amd  amdgaming i plan to vote with my wallet and explain my vote unti .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation .
 tlllfoundation awww u guy really need more fame thats y u guys target  kanganaranaut huh   because i checked your .
 junior mynt  ewarren  maddow how about that  11 billion dollars your darling trumpster cost the american economy d .
shutdown.
 dh010447  moviepass haha  so naive   the bldg will be shutdown before moviepass will give you tickets .
this is why you don t just lazily slap grinders in your bottom six  playoffs are about small edges  dallas has shut .
 brandondarby  tomfitton its so comforting to know that the mexican army is armed to the teeth to stop people comin .
 intcreator  realdonaldtrump since the shutdown was for blatantly political reasons  there was no reasonable compro .
 khaleedp1 jet airways is shutdown and its employees remain unpaid for months .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown   techrepublic       cybersecurity  infosec  .
 tazanna sandra not enough .
 josue8502   cponline yes   it was confirmed in original cp 2017 but cp shutdown   .
 le meh   world socialism  officialspgb  if an unexpected shutdown results in homelessness for a worker then it s .
   error             warning                         shutdown   .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation  .
delighted to debut our new boat with the rhythm of a government shutdown .
 jackcurryyes  yesnetwork shutdown the weight room roll out the yoga mats.
i was doing my final assignment and my computer just shutdown i m on the verge of a breakdown.
 snaums jup  dauert aber ein paar sekunden  wei ne wie lange es nach shutdown dauert       nach neu verbinden war wieder alles kurz weg.
mau garap skripsi  udah nyalain laptop  eh wifinya lemot  auto shutdown laptop  bobo lagi  .
 thomaskaine5 doesn t have big enough teeth  corporations will just laugh at you       what will work is a country wide .
if judge is hurt i hope we shutdown andujar for the year.
 thedailybeast this is not news we need to hear on the 20th anniversary of the  columbine tragedy  especially in vi .
 raski s father of yellow bones  from the house of 11pm shutdown .
detroit news crash causing pole to lean over roadway leaves gratiot south of hall road shutdown .
 jmsabin10 jeff  xxgejamoxx  choosetobfree  kamalaharris  realdonaldtrump oh  he criticized the polices action whe .
 djpazzer  world socialism  officialspgb a worker can always find a similar job he s skilled at a different competi .
 realdonaldtrump yes over 200 000 jobs have been created making minuim wages those jobs at kfc and mcdonalds you st .
 sengarypeters every time theres a government shutdown the parks are closed  their entry fees and concessions ough .
 ivankatrump  realdonaldtrump why thank ethiopia  the usa paid for your vacation  isn t that what republicans calle .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
 realdonaldtrump    821contd    countdown563       shutdown   good    lessgovernment      big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
shutdown timer 1 2 7 2  .
  i respect your opinion  i cant predict the future  i just think based on precedent it will play much differently .
so with this whole government shutdown shit when is it wasteful to cop more than the 1 day world over your eyes  wh .
kung ako sa  yo meng    i ll start posting a lot of photos with aa  amp  friends   para ma immune na ang mga haters pa .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation  .
 choosetobfree  kamalaharris  realdonaldtrump remind me when he called for a total and complete shutdown of anyth .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in  cybersecurity .
 anelemda let s call for a total shutdown of good friday and christmas day since both commemorate jesus.
 realdonaldtrump son you can keep saying this  but you were not exonerated   plus if youre so innocent why did you .
 jtlevy to the people who keep saying 2020 is right around the corner  that the voters will soon have their say  i .
 bless shutdown  preta sereia  leratokganyago because he filled up fnb he think he made it i guess    .
try me up    size me up   bo a   constricta    get bitter   better type of snake   fake can t function off the weig .
even better to have a shutdown inning on the mound to follow   stlcards.
 realdonaldtrump  happy420  reasons to say hell no to  trump2020 tax scam bill  trade wars  govt shutdown  tried to .
ho jwang easter shutdown  puleng tse kana .
power shutdown .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
follow  flyingwithsara shes the badass leader of the flight attendants union who threatened a general strike  endi .
 snagwire i have built in automatic shutdown 2 .
 wait for the storm    its never a bed of roses for long    lets hold on to this weekend   because the tories wan .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 nocongressrep  wgbone  thehill tax man  amp  boner  the media  the demorat socialists  the colleges have shutdown free .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 simxgill prob gonna get shutdown.
reminder that our leaders are trying to build a flying highway next to the bqe to replace its induced demand during .
i would reserve my comments about  tizeti and  wifisupport1 hotspot in amuwo odofin is doing but for now it is a co .
i m trying to learn the status of the emoluments lawsuit brought by maryland and d c  against trump  but the latest .
 lisannasaakira  1kcobi ever since backpage shutdown its been a drought .
imagine brandon morrow being shutdown due to arm soreness after being run to the ground by dave roberts and maddon  lol.
 scottpresler  aprildryan that s right   aprildryan  you need to sit down and shutdown your mouthpiece don t be thr .
can we shutdown yu and bring back morrow instead   cubs.
total shutdown  vgma20 nominees jam .
 thomas1774paine we aren t going to shutdown ice  they are our first line of defense against illegal immigration .
mumbais iconic chandan cinema closes for renovation .
kumasi mall was shutdown  vgma20 nominees jam.
paying salaries one would think is the most basic form of contract but promoters too often are ok not paying  unfat .
 carstenbkk  rydesaurusrex  vakeraj  mikeinspace  thechaz  rassah  bitcoin  petermccormack will not happen  as it m .
 sxvageduck rbx  tarajius china  i asked the deputy attorney general and he said im fine because my campaign was shutdown.
the only thing the gop can rely on now is a sympathy defense  they are trying hard to play on our sympathy strings  .
guys  i added google applications back due to terabyte services shutdown  i will write application center for hr soon .
.
crash causing pole to lean over roadway leaves gratiot south of hall road shutdown .
 mukeshgalaxy emergency shutdown in area expected restoration duration hrs   0000 hrs 30 mins.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 dominic80259466  preta sereia  leratokganyago ever since the fallout with riky  nigga seems to be losing it.
 realdonaldtrump to be clear i blame both parties for the shutdown  the republicans for starting it and the democra .
 realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr nope   gnp dropped in half from a year ago   wages stagnant   inflation climbing  .
thank you for this shutdown reply  .
 whaechan uma hora a bateria tem q acabar n  normal sdfghjhgfd shutdown quase forado.
all flights cancelled    runway shutdown  bhytes1  rupaul  michellevisage .
 one former navy seal turn congressman said the pay he earns during the federal government s .
 videocon d2h i suggest you to shutdown your company or provide service regularly    kindly resume my service or last .
nice win by    shutdown performance by shook  amp  kerry w  the big hit by berryhill  gamecocks.
 ericslosingit yes   i thought he was already on shutdown    .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 livingseason set that get shutdown lol.
obligaciones del oficio    encendido despus de electrical shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump it is a big fat waste of time taxpayers paying for you to spend your time playing golf  paying for .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
as hamilton s first provincially sanctioned pot shop prepared to open its doors  the provincial pot team looking to .
headsup  street paving in the inner sunset has finished early  regular  njudah train svc will resume tomorrow w  th .
the crash caused a pole to lean over the road  .
 sirgoldenrod  lobselvith8  anaphoristand  ostrov a  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump please listencarefully       trump was c .
 bless shutdown ausi mufasa.
 americanduck8  felix sicard probably not  problem is its hard to shutdown that top line.
another great 1 2 3 shutdown inning from van eyk        end 6   fsu 5 1 uva.
dry your eyes ffs   climatehoax  extinctionrebellion    heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as the .
 phemomashiqa  leratokganyago wtf look at lkg s reply even had a heart emoji mara ke our mufasa wapeinelwa these da .
 realdonaldtrump  doj  fbi  shutdown  ciarouge    heroin 99   humantraffick 100     billionusd pay  lies .
 chanspasha51 doesn t being freedom fighter all imp in itself    should i say  he was captured by brits and tortured  .
 realdonaldtrump costed much much less than your nonsense trips to mar a lago wasting roughly 100 million taxpayer .
the mentees expressed excitement at the restart of the forums as the office shutdown had affected the mmf project  .
 mr huma there are guys like bo riky who have nice tunes like you and i but never gets airplay   nigga doesn t whine .
ryan froom with a shutdown top of the fifth     jackrabbits continue to hold a 5 2 lead over western illinois in first of two.
thieves   dirty bombshutdownbombbomb .
 frankfigliuzzi1  medit8now  msnbc  richardlui barr prematurely shutdown the mueller investigation.
shutdown frame from kemp in the seventh       we send benny  wingo and george to the plate  down 6 4  .
whenever i think of the recent shutdown ndinobva ndaseka hanguvamwe takahwanda mufridge.
one week ahead of the  ltrainslowdown a useful guide to what we know and don t know about the project  .
total shutdown nominees jam  vgma20.
nominees jam was a total shutdown  vgma20.
 tdtmarcushood yeah we were all ready then the shutdown and new furnace lol   ford flex.
 realdonaldtrump the longest shutdown in history causing us over  5 billion   1 american country without power for mo .
concours de cernes   qui veut jouer    shutdown .
white house memo  i do not remember  trump gave a familiar reply to the special counselsqueries .
 enchanting1015  yenpark95 i love how yoongi didnt like shutdown the reporter like in mean way he shut him down in .
 aetheriumanimo liza thinks  and rethinks and she really can t find anything on the hard drive of her mind that d j .
 realdonaldtrump lets review the billions wasted in your unnecessary government shutdown  shall we  .
 shmeages  realdonaldtrump .
exactly  trumps ego is his weakness   he can easily be goaded into unforced errors  ala the shutdown  when his but .
on location filming my youtube video  this wall is next to my childhood arcade  which shutdown many years ago  the .
really wish i stayed in the country id have a fire going right now with all this yard work lol.
did you know uc davis saved over  40 000 during the holidays by shutting off heating  cooling and lighting when the .
shop with my brodie   building our own kreative universe  .
 bunniimelon jake powerful shutdown.
 jamescleverly shes in the right one if she wants to protest your party and leaders gross injustices against voc ip .
 anthoxyloto  simonlomax73 there was a big celebration in 01 for this 30th anniversary  he completely shutdown time .
 dbkahn shorter shutdown with fairly well thought out mitigation and years of notice  allowing l train riders to ma .
oseikrom was shutdown  vgma20.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
exactly  like ted cruise with the aca gov shutdown  senators calling for house impeachment proceedings are simply p .
translation  if us treasury can lend their gold to the fed  would that enable the fed to print more money without i .
 shutdown .
jaguar land rover starts brexit shutdown  .
congrats to the king of music next stop indigo o2 shutdown is a shutdown  iamkissdaniel .
 ananavarro  tinamarie88888 fauxtus  amp  corrupt gop obstruct justice  separate families  shutdown govt and endanger c .
   former chief economist for the gov shutdown  congressional salaries exempt from that decision .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines south of reagan national airport .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump tired of trumps empty threats to stop illegals   trump has done nothing material t .
shutdown.
no one is blindly trusting  speakerpelosi  most are choosing to trust her bc she has shown time  amp  again that she s .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
 athigeleba my ovaries just shutdown nervous breakdown just watching this.
 ann cannon  suebee1410 been saying this for awhile he got shutdown plain and simple.
 benfranklin2018 1600 penn ave  organic anti scrump protesting  15mar  17feb  20dec  local city  downtown  govt qua .
metzdorf with a shutdown  1 2 3 inning on just nine pitches and capped with a swing and a miss        birdball .
 rammadhavbjp shutdown facebook and come up with indian alternative which will be under indian laws .
 giizhigokwe01  zackstaylor1 yes  because that s how the game works  one may openly criticize  amp  discuss each and ev .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us  via  businessinsider.
         shutdown.
 jetairways shutdown worrisome   20 000 families will suffer undue hardships because of the loss of jobs  .
ladies  gentlemen and stoned kids of all ages  shutdown  twitter today  we have the undisputed winner        420day .
both adulterers  one got caught dealing in the same opioids that trump claims is such an epidemic that he wants to .
 davetegner  sethabramson lifted days before the initial push  amp  subsequent govt shutdown over the  5billion border .
far left democrat calls for hunger strike to abolish ice  via  youtube   enough of this bullsh .
new mexicos governor cunt and acljew team up to demand shutdown of boomerwaffen border death squads  daily stor .
 casspernyovest  leratokganyago im kinda late someone balance me real quick .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
experienced surprsingly sloppy service on  airvistara uk 819 to  bengaluru tdy   maybe complacency from the reduced .
 charlsmeow any news about cubs kimbrel  now morrow is shutdown  hes not gonna pitch again this year imo  will theo .
what are  they  doing to us now  how much longer can  they  harm us before shutdown  dont know much about this war .
 plasticdoe  kmerian  golfergirl2018  rpratt039  roguetrader84  emmagpaley  tylerg927  boglethemind  mclellandshena .
oakland greedy williams cb      with the top pass rushers off the board  oakland instead looks to shore up their second .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world                           romila t .
 onebuckresume headlined via msnbc at dailyfinance   .
 temptressviper  tayathegoddess nah   i was not looking to berate or hassle you   these kind of conversations get s .
dear  windows   update and shutdown  button  is the most useless and annoying thing in this whole fucking universe  stop torturing us .
 amoneyresists  nypost ny post should be boycotted and forced to shutdown.
 hoarsewisperer perfect example  taking the ball home  gov shutdown  .
two things made c amp o national historical park different than most years  one  the never ending volume of rain    secon .
thapar argues    the colonial view  rooted in two nation theory  which sees only hindus as legitimate citizens amp cult .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown    listen on spotify     .
 gopchairwoman i suppose the longest government shutdown in u s  history was obama s fault .
 flyingmariner it s very sad and bad if you know your company shutdown very soon i hope jet restart very soon and a .
 officialcbc so what are you doing to change that  also what are you doing to redirect  taxmoney back to people lil .
holy   now its at keeneland  they have to find out whats going on  santa anita has to be shutdown until this is .
 lehner4vezina he played really well last game  hopefully it continues  hes kind of like a very young orpik when h .
 rudygiuliani  jaysekulow no  he wasn t indicted  that s not the same thing  the only reason he wasn t indicted is .
strong 1 2 3 shutdown inning for tanaka .
 esteemmagazine1  sara rose g wave goodbye to your advertisers        reported and look forward to your account being shutdown .
 rhonda harbison  maddow counterintelligence operations worked with mueller     they are not shutdown with mueller.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
while its hard to gauge the number of drivers that actually sat out for the april 12 shutdown  organizers admit th .
 jeph macassette eya lentja    i have to be back for club shutdown e riebeeckstad .
another day another quick panic cry after being emotionally shutdown by my loved ones heyo.
a good website to watch anime pls       my fave one got shutdown.
 amajeabautista ow no  shutdown kana.
man s never been in marquee when it s shutdown eh        trusss me daddi.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was         googlealerts.
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
  crisserranoo beach is gonna shutdown.
 cavasships  davidlarter  galrahn i think they did the latter  lots of attention to how it was deploying during the shutdown .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 realdonaldtrump funny how you tried to shutdown mueller  over 5 times  you are a fraud  amp  taker of peoples money  .
 golden point shutdown gonna be hot today na today .
 ajamubaraka but we re way past impeachment now  he has dementia and nuclear launch codes for largest nuclear arsen .
some bad news today on brandon morrows as he has been shutdown after not coming back well after a mound session  n .
 metrolosangeles hollywood blvd isnt being shutdown for the avengers endgame premiere .
please  donate  amp  share government shutdown relief for cbp families  food aid  donationexperts .
if you think airtel dth not think airtel is going to shutdown no customer response don t buy  airtelindia.
uscis needs to keep digital records for the stream of people looking to work in the u s    moving e verify to the c .
 drmistercody  repdancrenshaw he needs shutdown.
 drainwatching  tribelaw  kelliapowers1 november 8  2018 rupert murdoch visits mitch mcconnell s office at night du .
 juliedicaro shutdown for the year or just for may .
 rob sawicki  biedersam  atrios and what s more  the pelosi of 2019 is substantially the same as that of 2007  reme .
 mysteriousfait2  gop are you referring to the govt shutdown   the one that happened in december  while the republi .
 scrowder  blazetv whats the over under on the time it will take for the stream to get shutdown .
run systemd script before system shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump unless you are a government employee or seeking a government job  the largest employer in the coun .
 jordantribe  i think this was the game after the 9 11 league shutdown  giants ended up winning but that was a helluva return .
 onezim2  matigary our courts ruled the internet shutdown illegal  we can t justify what was illegal coz what london is doing it .
time for a shutdown  .
 senatemajldr yes  great economy if you re a millionaire  would you work for  7 25 hr  you wouldn t even work while .
 timesofindia  nyay will act like petrol     kickstart engine of  corruption    which was shutdown for 5years by .
 manalilidave   kru xx  tncpredator lmao na shutdown sa mid yung bat lol.
 thebluecollarmm  feli21281088  liveaction i m glad you agree but sadly there are more undercover videos from numer .
 realdonaldtrump lets see here  millions wasted on investigating hillary 0 convictions  millions wasted on govt sh .
.
 superhmn127 sster i m coming over this is a shinee shutdown hold onnnnn.
reasons behind  coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained  via  todays gazette  crypto .
check out this giant helmet shell found on the shores of  capelookout  nc compared to a normal  snailshell do to st .
 femi sorry i glanced this tweet shut my eyes and immediately banned myself from twitter till i could watch got  wh .
 kbq225 time we start taking these liars out of the conversation   they need to be confronted  shutdown and put in .
he also won the shutdown  amp  then accumulated bipartisan accomplishments in 1996  .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better    in explaining ho .
russias impending internet shutdown .
 reverse  mortgage data details disruption from government shutdown   .
 robinblackmma  glory ws  ufc  joerogan  thenotoriousmma  alistairovereem  brendanschaub  robinblackmma have you fe .
 lmp2time i captured packets for it before it shutdown  a guy i was working with jon started writing an emulator us .
a question ee should all be asking ourselves  barrs impeachment may be of a higher priority less all investigation .
 aurora lte  alexlobaloba  i swear if i operate on u ur body will just shutdown  am a criminologist.
.
shutdown enginner at pivot gis limited   .
shutdown enginner at pivot gis limited   .
 nossarinari finally  found the screenshot i took 1 second before server shutdown for cataclysm patch  .
let the tribe in b4 we shutdown the function.
 mkgenest  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump shutdown fox news  take their maga hat and get them on prozac  .
after the revelations of jailed toddlers  hurricane maria mismanagement  the shutdown  charlottesville  why not  bc .
 realdonaldtrump how much did that government shutdown cost .
nick morreale   10 pitches  10 strikes in t3 and he strikes out the side for a big shutdown inning   hoyas lead 8 0 .
 jasonfrith6  larryelder  realcandaceo  realdonaldtrump does everyone include those without healthcare  or what fed .
 michaelolanite people are wilding on this app  it needs to be shutdown for atleast 24hrs .
 gaba cast shutdown innings  by the gamecocks  are a myth .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 shutdown na ako  tara don ta magsayaw sayaw tayo  hahahahaha.
 aetheriumanimo wouldn t have caused the shutdown  she thinks       well  i was doing some emails    then i felt a lit .
honestly  gt  gop is the party of tax cuts and deregulations  which benefits mostly the top  20      during the gov sh .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 mbta  redline scoop the body off the tracks and let s go  no reason to shutdown both sides way  damn this sucks  entire  redline shutdown .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 aliefoffaith i never compared them but this shutdown my batman fandom  amp  its causing cognitive dissonance .
plan tengah nak shutdown  tgk twitter jap la   unit kita tak terbabit  .
forza horizon 4 has the windows xp shutdown jingle as a car horn         icanteven        .
scheint geklappt zu haben mit dem verffentlichen mit shutdown zeitbefehlt   bin gerade unterwegs deswegen so  d      h .
 mimmitwit  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope is it the principle  re .
 manmustlikebrez  damola a it s all this play that made club escape to actually shutdown .
 tatasky i will talk to other service providers if they are willing to port will shutdown your service and transfer .
gone put up for 4th july shutdown.
jaguar land rover begins brexit linked uk plant shutdowns   .
you just saw the problem with our pitching  absolutely no shutdown innings.
ags get a couple of runs back in the 2nd  asa returns to the mound looking for a shutdown inning       3 2 sc b2.
beyond convinced that shutdown innings are a myth.
 williamfocht5  realdonaldtrump william  loser donny cost the us economy at least 11 billion dollars  in his shutdo .
 chiiemelie she came to nigeria and couldn t even shutdown lagos.
 swagbucks i  hate you so much  i hope your website is shutdown.
 raccoon 1  the ns  mikesbloggity notley didnt cut child poverty or improve healthcare or education  the dopey cow .
ask us in hungary .
 tommyrva alternative was complete shutdown though  right .
one good thing about the  theaaf shutdown was that it saved the ol ball coach from having to quit on another team  .
i want to have schizophrenia so that whenever i ll break down  i ll automatically shutdown and rebooted to my own new world  .
 4edges  theatlantic  susan hennessey  grahamdavida yes two years of spreading rumors like teenage school girls tha .
 drscriptt  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen  faultywarrior clearly mentioned shutting down windows with .
let s shutdown the website selling bleach to children   atheist  atheism.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
remember among other things but to be considered that russia wanted the shutdown was entirely of trump s making .
 onlyonewanz yg pelik tu takkan la dia org yg pandai2 ni tak faham yg zero emissions to maknanya seluruh dunia kena .
 ssrjazz  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen       i find that highly suspect   maybe on windows   but strongl .
its not surprising that early morning workouts are tough on the body  it was just in shutdown  amp  recovery mode and .
 effsouthafrica  julius s malema after sponsoring a  successful shutdown   .
 drscriptt  faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen most ppl dont have one open  most  of the time either   i c .
 ryanadams pleeeeeease release big colors  none of what i m reading about ryan s alleged misbehaviour justifies this total shutdown     .
if anyone want to play again before its shutdown i will be on queue at 19 30 cet  let fire our last bullets     bf1  bfincursions.
 nneuman  casahodl  kryptonautik the ways ive tried restarting are the shutdown method also pulling the ethernet c .
 grumpybirdies  marcandersonnwo  ericshapiro3  gaijingirl2004  debbiedoo131  faknickerbocker sorry   i can t vote f .
 fredscanner any idea why 15 is shutdown for a parade of tow trucks  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
posh eco warrior behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for thousands .
 gadzooksb it would be on a day i hadn t already worked 15 hours  i was racing my own imminent shutdown .
power shutdown       read more at   .
 joeyatnorthend i see charlie as a 2  chara as a 3 4 hes still effective but in a shutdown role in the d zone and .
 whereskernan if jake is shutdown long term then the wilpon s must have a hex on them regarding handing out long te .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump if our government did nothing ceteris paribus  everything being equal  th .
public reddit subreddits for pirated live streams of sports seem to be on the cusp of being shutdown  surprised thi .
 potus time to shutdown all  cnn employees from wh press pool  the are vile  amp  vicious then play victim  their behav .
 ramaphosa  myanc president  cyrilramaphosa says heads will roll for local and provincil officials whove caused a .
sakit sa feeling ang ganda ng laro mo sa ml kaso bigla nag shutdown yung phone mo.
stop the bleeding  .
the imminent shutdown this year of ngs and kayenta will eliminate some 700 jobs in a tribal area that  like colstri .
.
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
shutdown coordinator at pivot gis limited   .
shutdown coordinator at pivot gis limited   .
we should build a wall to keep all foreigners out during election years  and shutdown the airports and only travel .
 marcorubio we should also be concerned that he actively worked to obstruct justice   that the thought of the inves .
so many disastrous things america is so exhausted from this sob pick one and impeach this guy .
 realdonaldtrump no collusion   you tried to shutdown the investigation and demanded it be shutdown  the only reaso .
all banks will shutdown every saturday from 1st june and will work 5 days week from 9 30 to 5 30 monday to friday  rbi.
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
jaguar land rover begins brexit linked uk plant shutdowns   .
reasons behind  coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained   .
watch  trump signs executive order planning for total grid shutdown   lights out 2019   on youtube .
reddit   reasons behind coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained .
 brithume wrong   it is the president s decision and right to shutdown a witch hunt in search of a crime   ironical .
 rwpusa since social media was drafted by russia to twist the narrative in the 2016 elections and is continuing tod .
 rashidatlaib is encouraging americans to go on a hunger strike in order to shutdown ice  meanwhile in new mexico a .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24   malaysia   malay mail .
reasons behind  coinnest  exchange sudden shutdown explained  via  todays gazette .
 ralphsmorra  ag conservative but the protest specifically was to target air travel  the groups goal is to shutdow .
nobody gives 2 rat shits if your tired and need sleep  you volunteered to work a shutdown so man up and quit bitching .
 pmounet80 jsuis pogne au loading screen suite  un shutdown manuel  il a juste gel hier pendant que je regardai .
reasons behind coinnest exchange sudden shutdown explained        via  todays gazette        btcnews .
man arrested  spa shut down in  humantrafficking investigation  cbc    more w  eco search  .
last weeks shutdown by truck drivers is history  looking back  it appears to not have produced the results organiz .
baldheaded1der id rather have touki in the rotation  honestly  id rather have him cloned   one touki in the rotat .
 lalolafleur wow   wouldnt that be something   they recently released an announcement that said one of their new w .
the partial shutdown of the l train starts in less than one week  here are other ways to get between brooklyn and m .
 keepdatshit100 ahhh thats my guy man .
 petebuttigieg justice reform  health care  gun violence  immigration  education  amp  prescription drug costs  infrast .
 realdonaldtrump 23 billion lost in economic growth due to your government shutdown.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
i hate when i shutdown  cant help it sometimes.
the guardian published on apr 17  2019 as thousands of protesters use roadblocks and glue to paralyse parts of cent .
extinction rebellion shutdown london .
carlos was onnat government shutdown.
 krassenstein nah  its almost summer so time for the old refinery shutdown for maintenance trick  every damn year.
reasons behind coinnest exchange sudden shutdownexplained  .
real nigga problem 1  when you organise a pussy appointment but the client is unreliable and you get stuck between .
nag shutdown ako kagabi.
 thehill start from your shutdown   .
  realisticrandy  mzhy 99  davidhogg111 bull  he earned that respect putting that uniform on to protect your a    .
i totally agree   and while you re at it  take away each and every  life term position  and when there s a gov t sh .
all microsoft windows longhorn startup and shutdown sounds   .
 govmikehuckabee  whca ryan s a pos  she ll pay for her evil thoughts  we can all help through a complet shutdown o .
 realdonaldtrump my prayers for the easter weekend are for total shutdown at trash trump alargo    no power  no outside communication   .
 necobeat    strucked the corner    the closer   shutdown the game    .
para kong nag shutdown.
 briankempga not kemp or the presidents fault   congress dems   maybe get something going for relief again  which i .
the big tech companies are all ran by cowardly sniveling brats        none have the brains to debate you in the arena o .
joe says cubs backing off on morrow return  shutdown period in place .
 ewarren lol  you just pissed mick mulvaney shutdown your cash cow called the cfpb .
 we shutdown the radiator system once spring hits because there s no point having it run anymore        my landlord  wh .
 matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope so does it make it right to shutdo .
will shutdown the cardinals  .
 zubymusic ideas that work and respecting ones input knowledge is progressive  amp  liberal  anyone who chooses to shut .
kadulu dulohan ng laro palagi shutdown cellphone ko sarap ibato.
 baldheaded1der id rather have touki in the rotation  honestly  id rather have him cloned   one touki in the rota .
is it sad that when i see my dog just enjoying the sun w out a care in the world  i want to cry  cuz i remember the .
just so you know      people are still dealing with bills and problems from the government shutdown three months ago.
shutdown  h now.
 obbsie who are they    they were around at operation shutdown protest too    no placards  no chants  no talking    .
       .
shutdown  s  f  t 0.
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
 faultywarrior  mainframed767  joernthyssen 1  open a command window  as if one isnt already open    2  people dont .
hr5   .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 johnmbarrows  jetblue  markjosephson wonder if this has anything to do with  shutdown  .
 pesachology  yasmohammedxx dead wrong  having personal preferences  be they religious or not is different then opp .
 dbongino they are gaslighting american citizens they should be shutdown.
correction   pedojoe  dems have bernie to get the sucker votes    d he will be shutdown like 2016 then kiss bidens as .
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat .
time to shutdown facebook but only active in alternate account.
 ki native  silverl41308605  plushminnie  redsolefan  coconutboombox  leithsmall this just occurred to me  the irs .
what government agency pdf gives the plans to intentionally       use plague viruses  amp     bioweapons on its citizens      cau .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 shutdown   shut up.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
congratulations  foodbankofcny for receiving  feedingamerica  living our values award  for their outstanding commit .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  speakerpelosi  repmarkmeadows  gopleader  senatemajldr .
happy easter weekend to everyone  easter is postponed for us since kenlees dada is still on shutdown  we will cel .
my friend is going on a medical leave and shes looking for ways to politely shutdown nosy people  she works with a .
wah gilaaa adek gua        di shutdown laptop gua    desain logo temen gue belom gue save       kampreet bener      .
goodnight  shutdown na ako .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity but they pass the law for themselves i didn t vote on and i m an ameri .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity interesting  they bleach her chip   so americans know she did foul pla .
 weebutmightiest  mizdonna  doodlestrks  salty dawg69  nhmommy1  scotttbrower1  superelitee  why45huh  vjeannek .
 gop the american tax payers are paying them salaries to obstruct our government   how stupid is that   i e  govern .
 rb bellingham  jasonintrator  shaunking mississippi needs them too  so of the degree programs here have shutdown c .
 justinformu  could you give more information on the movie netflex is allowing on their station involving sex with .
 thephillyvoice  jimmykempski simple way to shutdown chucky soup  5 is simply put a wide open receive in front of h .
big congratulations to  cprewritten for hitting 4 million users    i cant honestly believe in how much time its gro .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
a majority of americans dont support trumps wall  yet he induced the longest govt shutdown in american history ov .
an official statement from ceo  johnchen about  bbm shutdown  amp  users migrating to  blackberry enterprise  bbme  should be in the offing .
wala pala nagpatay ng data ko kagabi nung sinugod ako sa rakkk kaya pala shutdown kanina pagkakita ko hays.
 shutdown 21 dm udah ditutup mas jam segini.
 derekcapo  whalepanda  fluffypony  excellion just be a good guy in crypto like the cz of europe  if not please shu .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope i think youre missing .
 new  millennial  ericaschner  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump obama attempted a bipartisan announcement but was s .
this is the reason i m giving nancy room to maneuver  pelosi understands how to put the screws to trump  remember h .
power shutdown in kashmir  areas  from 22 april to 28 april 2019        full details on link below .
i use the adjective  c2000 d  to describe rarely shutdown devices that suddenly fail to boot after one of their inf .
 harrellryan1  alpipkin mitt romney i m sickened by hiw many shares of stock your wife held in the company that own .
 lfcdanx  ride shutdown .
i wanna shutdown.
 draconickgaming  snickelsox i play robots an alarming amount  one goes offline for 4 hours in a long rest  the oth .
 nayemasari95 alaa ko x shutdown pn berkire.
 mlp neimi alright  shutdown eminent   she nods .
 haunter1957  edkrassen while all the news and democrats were giving him shot for not going he was already did but .
 another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world        romila thapar.
                 shutdown program .
 tobyasstorm  tribelaw  senwarren it s reported there is a lot of tension between the senate gop and trump over the .
 shutdown 21 legowo.
   chrome  .
in that way  tv9bharatvarsh reporting  it will be shutdown or will be no 1 news channel of india   this is journali .
 briandconnolly  thehill oh so fox news is fake news and the trump foundation was shutdown for fun  .
you know this will be a shutdown  .
 amjoyshow  joyannreid  msnbc facebook twitter all should be required to be shutdown during the week leading up to .
 lt report shutdown gt     lt 0 gt     lt  report gt     lt  body gt     lt  etml gt .
 shutdown 21 ga ada di tl   .
start of the year  trump has overseen the longest government shutdown in us history  a dramatic shakeup at the depa .
 senatemajldr has almost blind loyalty to trump  americans must never forget that mcconnell allowed trump to shutdo .
i have many friends who are bcpss educators  at the time i knew of several of them who were trying to get to as clo .
 mass ave as a former resident at new york and new jersey  i have to wonder how long after residents settle in next .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
i shutdown fairly easy.
 breitbartnews on the 1st day i will shutdown the economy      crowd roars lol .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope wifi was only shutdown .
rt29sb right hand lane shutdown  culpeper near rt3 exit so expect delays find alt route.
skepta   shutdown  aac 128k.
cardi b goes off on trump over the government shutdown   nowthis  via  youtube.
 shutdown 21 modus anda gagal   .
lensalert traffic advisory  several lanes i65 south around 133mm is shutdown for overturned semi   only the far rig .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope this is just a shutdow .
l train shutdown  everything you need to know       transportation  ltrain  nyc.
  moshkom we go shutdown quilox tonight.
 cbcurt97  crush lord  grmdaily  ksiolajidebt  randolphuk  jmebbk ksi s pull up is grime though  it has been on gri .
 shutdown 21 nanti aku coba deh ya wkk.
electrical shutdown today  discovered we have a passing valve and that the jockey pumps arent on the emergency syst .
 africancon  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope no they wouldnt   we .
one question by  bigflowdan has been added to grime shutdown on spotify   follow the playlist for a wicked sunshine .
 jordanpfinn thanks for the support  jordan     yes  ive just seen the order come in so that will be shipped out t .
when the government shutdown in december and lasted into early 2019   flyingwithsara became a huge force in getting .
i dont want the twitter to be shutdown or to be deleted because of some shity vids coming from nowhere .
 flyinvisible you sound like you need it  so i definitely suggest that you do  you dont want it to shutdown on you .
 shutdown 21 ngehiburr doang ya wkwk.
rise and shine  after getting shutdown last night  todays  athleticspinoftheday will hopefully inspire the bats  w .
 shutdown 21 .
 midiahn shutdown.
 chunkysmoove shutdown the facts as they annihilated your argument and make you mad .
 breitbartnews  moratorium    it means a temporary prohibition of an activity   enough that it would literally shut .
only 2 weeks to go til the pick 6 db camp hits reading  pa  all you shutdown dbs wanting to fine tune your game  g .
 herotherogue classic servers like nostalrius were very popular  just food for thought  only thing that kept me fro .
 manmah28  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope so basically you are say .
i just shutdown the same s 76 three ults in a row on widow skskfjwkfs.
 reser612  realdonaldtrump just like states profits   fines  taxes  parking tickets  drug busts  raids  tows   amp  res .
 mwunicorn indeed  i went a while 2 years after winamp shutdown  i still use it on my pc  but ditched it on mobile .
 whirledpeas4me the last shutdown i heard about a closing was a bomb threat made by a naked man   and if wondering  .
  shutdown  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 jordan sather  they likely mean  false flag rehearsal of critical  partial communication infrastructure shutdown coming this weekend    .
 acarpenterslife  banksprinters  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump i searched google and found one article i .
 loudobbs  greggjarrett  edrollins  marksimoneny  realdrgina  robertjeffress trump needs to stop pleasing and shut .
 shutdown 21 sa ae nih.
 vargoe21  svinuraistanie  matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope educate .
the government shutdown induces americans lesssafe  .
 sstwts2020  billgillespie88  smithfamilysays  liz wheeler so you dont like social programs  cool then you will giv .
 itsjefftiedrich one of many  potus  amp  family frauds    university    golf award .
 thebeatwithari does anyone know if barr shutdown mueller  or was timing just coincidence .
 itsallbollocks  abnormable  leftarmisme  thewifeyoulove  brienneofkitty  spacecrafff  markdgilliland .
 lt  gt               jet airways shutdown  employees seek presidents intervention for salary .
thapar karan  interviewing thapar romila        watch the interview  .
 japersrink i know they won a cup with orlov niskanen as their shutdown pair  so its hard to go away from that  but .
day ended early today    time to shutdown and rest .
for months  members of a facebook group named black smoke matters  bsm  have been calling for an industry wide shut .
summer shutdown merchandise available    1st of june at rasesa .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news   cdnimm.
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale ofcarrier .
 jordan sather  comms shutdown incoming .
 glaad you know your argument is weak when you include things like government shutdown and decrease in food stamps .
kenapa ide muncul ketika laptop udh shutdown dan aku sudah hendak tidur  .
good service  chilternrailway on 14 55 to marylebone from birmingham  nice long train  air con  many station staff  .
 evanmcmullin  profkeithdevlin and also so far this year  trump has overseen the longest government shutdown in us .
 dawnswann1  rideaminute  dnc  realdonaldtrump trump needs to shutdown the border  amp  not reopen until our useless po .
 extinctionr  the plugseeker  theresa may to be fair lots of businesses have a pre arranged shutdown period to mini .
 incindia shutdown inc   innn bhadwo ko kabhi ni aane dena wapas.
 xiaomi my mi 5 after shutdown   is death  no power on    please help me  can you help me please.
a big goal in my life is to shutdown all the circuses .
 edkrassen another senator that reeeally needs to be gone from our congress is  ditchmitch2020  senatemajldr i impl .
 meanstreak2099  thecheekyginger  chulesee  needle of arya perhaps you are familiar with merrick garland  and  the .
shutdown yung legend hahaha .
 mimirocah1 ms rocah  given that there are 14 ongoing cases that were farmed out  doesn t fact indicate that sc mue .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 akira6592 i use it to see if an interface is admin down or not  for example  and if not then i dont put the no sh .
i lived 1 5 miles from this sc site in 2009   the reactors were supposedly shutdown  permanently i thought   but i .
 traffic dpd officers on scene eb colfax ave and i25 on a 2 vehicle serious injury crash  1 party transported  eb c .
if any school ever did that to my child i would pull them out and sue the school till they had to shutdown  schools .
 amazonhelp oh really  if you can t help yourself  then why wasting money  resources on  amazonhelp   shutdown .
a must read for the trucker nation     shutdown shut down  why it failed .
 e92sam  robreiner senate gop reported to have deep tension with trump over shutdown  emergency declaration  etc  y .
 icecolddp1  ndreca official  gop gdp has been torpedoed by the trade war and government shutdown trump initiated  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   tech  technews .
 311insd dustin311  use to love that place  it got shutdown because of all the idiots that like to think theyre co .
 hazim haris secara faktanya xboleh selagi xmencapai 79  atau unexpected shutdown        tapi xsalah kalau nak mencuba  .
 rhymeswithwltch  auricules  metamrphos rox the government shutdown can be seen as a show of force but remember it .
system shutdown na si hannah  lolololol    .
more fearmongering from rabid nuclear pusher      ellie ripley  counting blessings of nuclear power .
power shutdown in srinagar parts on april 22 to 28   .
the effect of jet shutdown    empty airports   indirect job losses could run into 100k    hopefully  the passenger mome .
 sykescharlie  thedailybeast as a fellow wisconsinite  over nine years of service i know of one time   .
yesterday we had a shutdown of the website       after contacting the host 1 amp 1 it turns out that the cause is due to a .
 ewarren he obstructed     if he wanted to obstruct he would have just fired everyone involved and shutdown the i .
shutdown  shimadtmer tech trancestab .
game informer australiashutdown  .
 taxxess wild how i usually succeed at getting fake or threatening accounts shutdown  yesterday  a trump supporter .
ooooooohhhhhhhh shutdown.
nah  im just gott sit first  my brain just shutdown of creative stuffs  sips coffee even not a coffee drinker .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump this tweet is about as reassuring as the one where don jr   would be arre .
 krassenstein  google shutdown fox    state run tv   .
 michaelshermer could brain have developed a system where when death is happening it goes in to shutdown mode that .
 shutdown 21 .
 chiefsreporter better get him  i sense shutdown db .
if this leafs team can play this way with their shutdown defenceman loopy from a lack of sleep and parental adrena .
 vusinyamazana  vargoe21  charitymaodza  matigary  kmutisi  nickmangwana  dewamavhinga  smith jeffreyt  dougcoltart .
alarmed by cancer causing ethylene oxide pollution  gov  j b  pritzker orders shutdown of sterigenics in    .
 newjersey approves subsidy plan that prevents the premature closure of the state s  nuclear power plants as was se .
 shutdown 21 terharu    .
the concert is already shutdown           before he could utter a word  .
 bug soobinny .
 shutdown 21 makasih .
2020 elite am db  kameron yancey is at drake today  hes a guy thats going to turn heads at the lindenwood camp co .
if another shutdown looms in a scenario that could have compromised and put just the lower third of his face .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc            shutdown    listen on spotify   .
ethnic violence leads to the fall of malisgovernment .
 andregtfo  taymastar you dont have to buy a new server just shutdown the server.
 realdonaldtrump the only area of the economy that makes any difference to you is unemployment  eh  minimum wage  t .
here is your daily current affairs update      deutsche  deutschland  deutschland  deutschebank  ceo kaushikshapari .
tom dundon is a real piece of shit        aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial probl .
 onezim2 my several friends in london did not get affected and amused such a thing happened there  don t compare th .
 shutdown 21 aamiin  makasih yaa.
.
 shutdown   00 .
 shutdown   00                .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
power shutdown   sachnews jammu kashmir   srinagar  april 20  according to power controller kashmir  the 132 kv d c pam .
finally  bbm to shutdown on may 31st  2019 .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academicworld .
and just a tiny  but very telling aspect of what trump will do for money   who steals from charity money given by k .
 realdonaldtrump the investigation should have been shutdown after 6 months without evidence of  collusion     that .
power shutdown in kashmir areas    .
 realdonaldtrump when you shutdown the government people were living check to check they could barely survive  econ .
 shutdown   00 .
 realdonaldtrump actually got results unlike this for 11 billion  other than ppl dying in preventable plane crashes .
.
back when staff school hired mj to come perform at our end of the school year party then  everywhere shutdown  the .
 warwraith exactly  its terrifying  as an adult  i still dont always have the words for when im having a meltdow .
one year ago    retweeted helen caldicott   drhcaldicott     contamination from a nuclear cleanup forced a shutdown  in .
 keyurjoshi   shukla tarun mistakes   management not cutting capacity sooner  not greasing psu bank official palms ti .
 onskxxx       .
 matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope wifi is not internetuk shutdown wi .
 potus they cause the shutdown  then blame you  while they go to the beaches of  pr drinking cocktails while millio .
 chaunceygardner after  smoking 1 pack of  marlboro red 100s for  30years i quit smokin 1 day w  vaping  vapeon .
130 k puerto ricans left after hurricane maria and never returned  that s why dims came here to pr during the govt  .
 drscriptt  mainframed767  joernthyssen same reason why most don t pop a command shell open on their windows box an .
after  smoking 1 pack of  marlboro red 100s for  30years i quit smokin 1 day w  vaping  vapeon  liberated after 1 .
finally  bbm to shutdown on may 31st  2019   bbm  lukastech  rt  trapadrive.
 devilsofyore  pitchforkedpuck i m not a big zacha supporter  but i give credit where it is due  i think he s much .
gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government if republican lawmakers dont acquiesce to her d .
en masseall togetherthree top tv broadcasters went into shutdown mode en masse in south korea .
so every night nalang naka sleep laptop ko tas nakakalimutan kong i shutdown kasi nakakatulog nako  gg battery.
finally  bbm to shutdown on may 31st  2019 .
srinagar  april 20  according to power controller kashmir  the 132 kv d c pampore rawalpora transmission line will .
power shutdown in srinagar parts on april 22 to28 .
gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government if republican lawmakers dont acquiesce to her d .
 adriandt31  aprildryan i am still curious that april was the only reporter allowed when p and s gave a little news .
as per superintending engineer  elect  maintt   amp  r e  circle 1  jammu  to carry out work for testing ct pt units  t .
 matigary  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope this is a none story   anyone whos .
global stock indexes slide as u s  government shutdown looms      world stock markets continued a week long sell off on .
according to power controller kashmir  the 132 kv d c pampore rawalpora transmission line will be shut down from 22 .
power shutdown .
globally there are countries which shut down the internet like china for example  the government put censorship on .
mta with this g shutdown sucks.
power shutdown  .
 thehumble 21  jalenramsey  j no24 look at all these people saying yes bring him  we need a shutdown corner   aint that a bitch.
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt an echo lune that believes only he is allowed to fly and havea go .
 ballmannsc  armytimes they can be patriotic but when 7 billion people dont respect the cic its time for impeachm .
 npr  kqed oh  did we shutdown the federal government again  i missed it .
 m bultman he also turned a goalie on an expiring contract bishop  into eric cernak who helped formed tampas shutd .
 shutdown 21 iya mungkin    .
 realjack willard mitt romney refuses to answer this question  how many shares of stock did your wife hold in the c .
 matigary  finley 198  ukpolice  usembassyharare  timoolkkonen  ukinzimbabwe  hrw  daddyhope did they shutdown publ .
 peteslew  mdj17 he did not completely cooperate with mueller  he twice tried to shutdown the investigation  he tam .
mardi gras casino owner sues over sportsbook shutdown  mardigraswv  wheelingcasino   h2cstrategies .
.
 borstentier  urgenda the only thing we already know is the early shutdown of one coal fired power plant  reducing .
need to shutdown myself.
      .
 becpt  sweetiewalker  marklevinshow  sentedcruz see  mitch mcconnell  amp  the rest of the career rinos in senate who .
 brucealrighty45   outlaw cow farting so the view is shutdown       but where would we get our comedy from .
t5   shutdown inning        allyfrei38 with a 1 2 3 inning frame  capped by a k      7 4        gohoos    newink .
panel session with stacy   amina abubakar  we can t ignore our needs as women  we must feel significant  we can t acc .
that sounds about right    there have been a few modest shifts  i e   during the shutdown   but  for the most part  .
 sensherrodbrown  govmikedewine  senatemajldr  speakerpelosi  senkamalaharris  senblumenthal  wvsenate .
drop the damn mic  schullzz66 shutdown    eod       everybody go homeeeee     .
aku tak shutdown ke eh semalam hahahaha.
you still have time to vote on which fairground ride you want at summer  shutdown2019  happening on may 15  8pm   .
 brunotersago  dimoyagcioglu did they shutdown the road .
not when they are seen taking a flight afterwards  i don t ask them to stop using airplanes  i ask them to stop lam .
r i p  a la primer plataforma de mensajera mvil         blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  engadget.
stop  hr293 no ban on  flavors im ok w   hr2084 plse  stop trying to  shutdown  amheartadvocacy  tobaccoendgame .
 realsaavedra should cnn be asked for shutdown because they gave  michaelavenatti millions of dollars worth of free .
 lindathomas102  1bataboom so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a musl .
tonights going be a shutdown   make sure to book your tickets in advance to save      kreptandkonan  bankholiday .
 tomfitton  realdonaldtrump trump abuses the power of the presidency every day  government shutdown  national emerg .
 timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network        .
 k8em0 omg please please please tell me that you all are still helping i literally just made a twitter last night .
   via  mataonline.
 javedakhtarjadu  ranaayyub when  owesi sporting  amp  given ligal help to    isis spotter  islamic terrorist your mouth was quite and shutdown.
 tsspdclcorporat    complete shutdown since 3 hrs at moghalpura volta x road till bhole shah dargah  when will power restore .
 realdonaldtrump your administration must relentlessly pursue these deep state traitors  and sue shutdown their lyi .
 linda36993618  debsmitteez  billshortenmp  australianlabor hmm  sold out workers to  benefit his union and career  .
dont show anymore pictures of people held in parking lots and under over passes if you wont support additional ho .
 vic rollison  byrnepip  twitter are they going to shutdown the media that have got hold of story .
when closing the lid  the notebook does not poweroff  or shutdown  hibernation issue  need to fixuuid .
 toppyhux  bradpaisley im so jealous  i was there during the government shutdown and didnt get to go .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
alexandria plans hov changes during metro shutdown .
today  will sign a government shutdown .
 rachelbitecofer i didn t realize how much i valued my job until trump locked me out of it  i ve been a fed for 33 .
   the national weather service in memphis  tennessee has issued a beige shutdown outlook until 10 46 am        wxtwitter.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
trolley wires down on have mass ave shutdown between dudley  amp  norris sts in cambridge      mbta says shuttle buses re .
 golfdude2000  kirsten9895  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump it could easily be argued that trump wanted the bogus invest .
 jmdamnson i m waiting for ur mandatory shutdown meme hahahahaahahahah.
linuxshutdownsyncsync     lpic.
  thirdmasilang shutdown lahat ng social media acc.
the democrats now own the shutdown       great job  insurance companies are able to lead .
.
still feeling the effects of the shutdown as my paycheck is fucked up once again .
okay i decided na shutdown ko na totally tong account na to  hahaha yawquna mgatwitter  byezxc.
 cosmicmak this is the climate were in nowadays  ive been blocked for similar stuff  theyre doing everything the .
 saragnolii biglia should be shutdown for the season.
 thatmilanfan biglia should be shutdown for the season.
 altnatsecagency  askedetanswered  kimstrassel did the fbi stop the investigation    did mueller get fired or sc get .
it seems to be a response to a get more successful looking climate change protest that has shutdown grand parade    .
 govmikehuckabee cnn needs to be shutdown all together .
 housegop  gopleader hmmmm had a shutdown for over 1 4 of their time in office thanks to a temper tantrum from drum .
 realdonaldtrump rubbish        you must be double counting or up to some other lies       why would real income be less th .
 realdonaldtrump mr  president  with all due respect  you said mexico would pay for the wall  they didn t  you said .
five commands to check linux system shutdown reboot date and time  via  2daygeek.
 ryan bricks i would avoid williamsburg and bushwick for the next couple years  theyre fun neighborhoods  but the .
 platinumcat  donaldjtrumpjr  gop this is laughable  youre trying to justify the shutdown of speech you dont agre .
 realdonaldtrump what a nut case you are  how much did you waste throwing your hissy border wall govt shutdown fit  .
2 weeks left till the big weekend  were waiting for you on may 4 5 to experience the full system shutdown  thankf .
 marypretends  digitzrulz i just want to see her channel shutdown  or even get her demonetized  so she doesnt bene .
 vodafonein  vodafonegroup  vodafoneuk  vodafonein  vodafonenz  vodafoneau   offer of vodafone  our prepaid team call .
 we the boyz goodbye windows shutdown tune.
 realdonaldtrump how much did you blast with the government shutdown you caused       not likr you even have a wall to show for it either.
 realdonaldtrump what happened to the national emergency at the southern border  did it go away due to the report  .
i wanna shutdown all my sns accounts pero putangina anong gagawin ko maghapon   .
hindi na ko magugulat kung bigla nalang ako mag shutdown.
apple  fix all macbook pro 2016 and later with stage light effect or backlight shutdown  flexgate   sign the petiti .
its ok to shutdown ignorance  not ideas worth spreading              follow  alleyneco                                  .
 madhur couriers very slow and poor services       pls shutdown your dukan.
district line has failed me  shutdown towards easy  phone battery low oh well navigate fun times ahead .
 grtseeker yes  there is so much corruption you hardly know where to begin  we have to kind of spread out  amp  those o .
 cbp shut the border down now  lee vehicle traffic alone and commerce alone shutdown walk in traffic and double dow .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world .
u s  jobless claims decline to four week low following shutdown  via  markets.
  .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown      listen on spotify    .
this should only serve to motivate more of the fine people of  toronto to join in the  resistance  especially when .
gusto ko na makapag start ulit sa work  shutdown ko talaga lahat pati tong twitter  hahahaahahha.
vote for me i m going to fix our roads    i m fixing the roads by a 45 cent gas tax   if you don t pass my gas tax i ll .
 mirrornow  fayedsouza we demand to shutdown your channel    .
waste of money     funny coming from a guy that caused the longest shutdown in american history and cost america  bil .
jet airways shutdown  employees seek presidents intervention for salary dues .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
i want to shutdown my mind for a while ugh.
i want to shutdown everyone around me except from kim and my tower fam.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
truckers anticipate shutdown date  and new strike is coming   portal no ar    .
i m drowned   deep deep deep very deep down one step closer to shutdown .
we will not be able to cope with the shutdown of coal and nuclear power in three years time and can only hope tha .
they say that they are nationalists  will a nationalist government try to suppress the voice of the public   govt has .
 bluelilqueer a m arrive mais je fais pas que pleurer en gnral  mais je le ressens comme un shutdown .
delete your ex  shutdown your crush  format your past  program your heart and restart your lovelife .
best of late night  kimmel suggests bernie sanderss cash heavy campaign could spend a bit on personalgrooming .
statement by  islamabadrestaurantsassociation  shutdown on april 23 in protest against  fbr   hammad azhar pls take .
 hasufl  cyounessi1 right  ok   makes sense   supply of loans increases automatically when people create cdps but i .
shutdown clouds outlook for consumer driven u s  economic growth  .
 emperorbigd  mroppaisenpai  youtube  teamyoutube this is to all the kick vic supporters and all the i stand with v .
indefinite shutdown of india s jet airways puts passengers traveling to and from nepal in a fix   the kathmandu pos .
 investigatecps      many children in foster care have family that love them and want them        .
 michaelkogan14  cyounessi1 you mean decrease supply  in theory  mkr holders can vote to force shutdown any existin .
 celinextenso ben je pensais notamment  moi quand je suis en shutdown dans un bus blind de monde par exemple des .
hey  nintendoamerica can you nerf joker please the opponent went into mementos and made me have a fucking mental shutdown irl.
 tsnjfranklin the big q here is  who would could change that  im waiting for their health status  but what has to .
and the night falls  i can t sleep because my mind is working it can t be shutdown  only when i m dead .
we can understand your pain of losing money through hawala channels to fund terror activities  to smuggle weapons  .
sana naman di na ulit magforce shutdown laptop ko .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled   cbs .
shutdown  saveourdemocracy  saveourdemocracy.
call it done  theresistanceisunited should recess the house until after 2020  amp  collect no pay nothing will get done .
 currencytycoon  drakefjustin  makerdao there is a fix for this issue that ensures there will be a higher fee for w .
spending this gorgeous   day in the garden listening to the marvellous kate stewart in unit  shutdown  drwho .
 watchchad elizabeth im gonna get me a beer and then shutdown all drilling to kill the economy warren   .
 brandfactoryind hello brand factory   how r u guys  keeping flash sales and cheating like you will credit 250 ever .
 realdonaldtrump shutdown the new york times  cnn and foxnews  all liars don .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
i reiterate my call for a complete shutdown of the architectural profession until we can figure out what the hell w .
 coolstarorg  pwn20wnd  fce365  comex  saurik if saurik is out will cydia be shutdown or just stay as it is and jus .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
   .
ma dopo whatsapp e instagram  un bel studio aperto shutdown no    .
the recent government shutdown shed light on a problem thats been growing for years  employees are hurting financi .
 all of these are strategies in pursuit of the  hindurashtra  the  rss  of which the  bjp is the political arm  hav .
i guess that ll fuk up any chance of emma thompson being home in time for match of the day    .
waiting for shutdown.
watsuptv   legon src artiste night official campus shutdown 27th april   university of ghana 7pmsharp .
 profbriancox  marinahyde  chukaumunna  anna soubry  tanni gt  omid9  rickygroveruk  jacob rees mogg   jrm won prob .
spontaneous shutdown at maisuma area of srinagar kashmir following news about under nia custody jklf chairman yasin .
it s still hilarious to me how the g  app still worked just fine for a few hours after the shutdown happened if you .
the easter monday shutdown   monday 22nd april  enjoy x  djolamelody djnerobelfast mc lagosboy                                             .
.
jaguar land rover starts brexit shutdown .
 johnnyojr if you really want to create a better baltimore county for your daughter to grow up in  you can start by .
one of the greatest historian of ancient india discusses at the most crucial election of modern india .
jet airways shutdown  grounding of carrier affects exports of fresh fruits  vegetables  .
 mohmahfudmd  kpu id jadi buat apa ada situng proff  bikin ribut di luar  kenapa gak di shutdown aja sites nya supa .
.
with no lifeline  jet airways stares at shutdown  .
 mspackyetti whew that  we are not peers  is the most beautiful yet simple shutdown i ve seen and so true  social m .
 armouredskeptic you were saying that the conversation was being shutdown  when all that was being done was debun .
nearly 4 in 5 gop women want the border shutdown to halt all illegal immigration   .
shutdown cnx .
 kaelanrhy on the  whole body experience  thing though  definitely  more than nausea  i very rapidly experience qui .
 yasin malik critically ill  on hunger strike since he was shifted to delhi  family         maisuma observes spontaneou .
how many milliseconds between coming to airports as tsa workers resign because of shutdown .
 nammabescom    no proper power supply       there is a miniature nuke reactor for power generation sold by china  shall .
 bbm  mariamassi it was on and they had an update one day before the shutdown ahhahahaha.
 gstindia  allaboutgst  finminindia  gst council  cbic india  the gst portal is down since morning and error msg sh .
spontaneous shutdown in maisuma area of srinagar following the reports of yasin malik being admitted in a delhi hospital .
realities of life beyond bmc limits   intermittent power outage   survival on invertor  my little one doesn t even .
 cbic india  the gst portal is down since morning and error msg shows shut down for maintenance  today is the last .
 peggymkiefergm1  schammy  skullking1969  smylee face  scottpresler  senatorromney  realdonaldtrump are you wasted  .
 natashabertrand  3l3v3nth does anyone else believe barr shutdown the osc investigation before mueller was finished .
 scottfawcett several iptv services out there where u can get 500 channels for less than 15 dollars a month   use a .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets   jetairways.
sure  these plants weren t in  financial peril   but i d argue that  psegdelivers is making the case that  nuclear .
 sethmcneilvt  pdacosta i think he was forced to shutdown in a way far less spectacular than the sat night massacre .
 offandpacing ry  andpacing  facebook miracles it wasnt shutdown sooner  any of you guys spend anytime in that group .
 armans15112001  andy67140164  blue cloud 10  gwidda93  angel63126140  vadosetoast  alberttt58  machinegunkelly .
 ac4tweet windowsshutdown   shutdown  r  t   .
 ericholder  ecclesias the recent government shutdown  with the limited resources and personnel available for monit .
the hardest people to explain your feelings too are those that you are closest       does anyone else completely shutdo .
a fais 24h que je suis sortie de l hp je me sentait mega bien et la shutdown   le moindre truc aspire toute forme .
 linux  vm  re   patch 1 3  drm virtio  add missing drm atomic helper shutdown  call  .
        gt     gt  shutdown  t1  r    .
 edwinbautista02 shutdown  kyyyyravalo.
is it the same michael jackson whose this is it concert in the uk didn t happen buh the premiere was much doper tha .
 jhorn xtanlee they deserve to be shutdown .
 duniavvi tekan tombol shutdown.
top tech news today  pixel 4  google  shutdown  facebook password   amp  038  more  trakintech .
 fortnitegame you should honestly shutdown your game  its disgusting to play since you took your game and went back .
bbm to shutdown permanently   naijalog.
 craigminns  judith char i suppose thats okay  until it becomes the shutdown of truth or fact       and thats why i st .
 skf5463  1776stonewall from the usfl  atlantic city  6 bankruptcies  trump air  trump university  flynn  manafort  .
in the mobile phone industry  its decline has been highly linked to its failure to adapt to changes within their i .
 craigminns  judith char i like to think i have very sharp instincts  and that they murkily brought this to my atte .
seorang bocah berusia 15 tahun pernah meretas komputer nasa dan menyebabkan shutdown 21 hari komputer mereka .
 craigminns  judith char ie  if you bring fourth an unfortable truth  that may be damaging to a tiny part of femini .
 ashleylalaina pag 10 daw wala kang twitter app mamaya  shutdown si twitter      ashleylangdelmundoko.
finally  all of this is part of the  easterrailworks taking place across the country  including the major shutdown .
 rikk irl i just shutdown my pc.
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 neveriswhen  ananavarro i am looking at his voting record and he was anti national emergency  voted with democrats .
 shutdown g0 i6 .
 asincole oh  sorry  can t relate  unless i m not shutdown in months and other memory intensive apps are open    like .
thanks  yes  definitely worth your time to read  tnationnetwork s 2 part series about the recently failed .
tolonglah laptop bersahabat dikit masa hrs force shutdown mulu tiap ngehang ya allah ujian idup bgt emg dr kmrn.
 skydolphin7010  cygwin  shutdown  unix  shutdown .
.
 digiwb      sudo shutdown   r now.
        plantnews  restart   1  company  yangmei shouyang chemical   2 product  monoethylene glycol   meg    3 location  s .
 ms peaceweaver  catalinmu we need a complete shutdown of architecture until we figure out whats going on.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
extremely rare vhs acquired  i havent seen it available online in many  many years  so i had to take the chance  i .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled   .
          bjpwithkasab                  shutdown dalal media .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
caroline lucas is currently on  lbc supporting the shutdown of the nations capital  this is a member of parliament .
 rorymon  znackattack  andyjmorgan  mracket  guyrleech  jariangibson i extended my lab including netscaler and dfa .
easter  jesus upgrade    fri  shutdown    sat  installing new software    sun  reboot .
 fabianzuleeg  dphinnemore  patricksmyth1 the number of states calling for shutdown should steadily increase in the .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   the good old days of  bbm .
til a 2014 update to dualfoil  introduced a separator shutdown function to drive porosity to 0 at a specified tempe .
another modi government would mean a virtual shutdown of the indian academic world   karan thapar in conversation .
 yasmin shego  ayledgend someone came to shutdown the show  .
 jamesdgriffiths  amateursuman i am a trained first aider  if a first aider dealing with serious injuries doesn t s .
romila thapar  in her interview with karan thapar  talks about the attempts to transform the country into a hindu r .
 fifamobiledev this is the worst shittiest season ever in fifa mobile history  shame on you ea  better shutdown everything.
            ponnamaravadhi .
harika duymayanlar icin atiyorym      ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
shutdown na muna self.
 mysmxria  khalisa xc shutdown szn.
 roe tencent thx for the heads up  i m sure we d rather u take extra time to fix these issuse  even though i really .
shutdown.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
 rstarphoenix  enodetah  salamaleek  castorogamer as a js player with over 9k  hours we got fucked august 15th  201 .
gusto ko na matulog ayaw pa nag shutdown para ma charge na.
  joni joni joni dia cheat code   makan gaji  top dog in o amp g  company luar negara  freelance waktu offshore plant s .
engadget blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
then  icasa org must be investigated by the captured  saparliament on why we dont have black tv news channels       ica .
 economictimes  narendramodi  jetairways it is high time to analyse the reason behind continuous loss to the public .
blackberry messenger to shutdown on may 31  via  tech updatess.
 operationshutdown relatives of knife murder victims from camden  explain why they took to the streets to demand ac .
system voltage is critical    shutdown may occur instantly .
 icharidho  rockygerung hang mba     lgsg shutdown.
 lawrence  mikiebarb i wish they would inquire of other journalists across the pond who seem to have interviewing l .
4 20 shutdown   .
      shutdown        41      .
 ediong     the comparison shouldnt be dignified with a response  but you just have to be provoked to shutdown the .
worth your time to read both parts as it gives incite in how the average truck driver  amp  owner feels but most can no .
francis wangusi  director general communications authority of kenya  ca  has stressed that there will be no sim car .
             1 4         .
 mrjegman  whattheffacts taken from ali g in da usaiii  heres a yt link to that segment        .
1 shutdown  h now .
the number of  trips  are unusual engineers are working on it   dai mr k n vyas     maintenance performance  2017    n .
 retrob8 its much more playable than i expected  only issue is having to boot and shutdown  no sleep mode .
 soledadobrien the reporting seems perfectly accurate  its unfortunate that any criticism of muslims or islam is c .
yung nag shutdown ang laptop mo  olay  sira ang panonood ko  andun na sa climax ng movie  berna eh .
 realdonaldtrump totaly untrue   ok      so now you suddenly remember    amazing how your short time memory works .
 zarazettirazr  cakkhum sekali lagi    shutdown ka pe u  .
 cakkhum kalo ada wacana shutdown ka pe u aj gmn  cz yg nglawan dituduh hoax nih     kn ngeri juga   .
 anna soubry  metpoliceuk youve been great in brexit anna  but may be out of touch with popular opinion on this on .
prime video      akamai   torrent3 .
 craniumsquirrel wait i thought their servers shutdown   .
 stockmarkets manage to keep climbing north despite a rocky ride  read more      marketwrap .
 midmoroyalsfan  ryanmaue 1  government shutdown   2  if you read the tcr  highly technical  you can see that they re .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
 citizensforumzw the streets are still blood stained  we need a prolonged shutdown  no marching  no songs  just sta .
 cccrystalclear  maybe full storage  otherwise im not sure  do a full shutdown and see what happens next  .
 let s shutdown the website selling bleach to children    .
 iheartmindy  ilhanmn maybe bc on dec  7  2015  at a campaign rally in south carolina  trump read a statement  cal .
 crstuartjames  metrotrains  ptv official presumably because its ongoing maintenance managed by metro rather than .
 tysalihu  share a ride  is a good initiative too  i was a big fan of  gomywayafrica before they shutdown        thank .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
es que tio puto restrasado el veigar  si ves que soy puto medio y soy una puta diana para que coo tiras la r dos v .
help us raise money for  mentalhealth in the uk  we are challenging you all  to take part in our .
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat   los angeles times .
so   egypt s strong man abdel fattah el sisi s referendum to alter the country s constitution to extend his stay in .
the fact  atlasreactor will be going offline in a couple of months saddens me  if the possibility to keep it runnin .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 z1battleroyale this community will never get it  nantg just threw the game away and gave it to db for free  we sho .
 amlecciones  buzydnc  abc  gstephanopoulos no because just  46m of seized manaforts real estate already pays and t .
bye  american dream hahahhahaha .
                janasenaparty .
 thehill unflattering portrayal       russia offered help getting trump elected  trump not only accepted  but sought ad .
 vodafoneuk  vodafonein  vodafonenz  vodafonegroup    cheater network   applying call charge  2 5 pesa sec    deducted ar .
 ani modi s skill india shutdown  amp  bhrastachar   many core of bhrastachar in skill india mostly this for benefit of .
disgusting  it s comments like this that make women feel incompetent like they ve failed  no   csection mums are st .
 irinedk duhh selalu tragedi shutdown dibawa bawa .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 mshaanshahid  hinarkhar vesay shan bhai humari workshop bhi tu yehi kuch bana rahi hai  unless workshop is not shu .
shutdown the brain .
 shaaileshrsingh  rangoli a kangana as jayalalitha  is that a joke  kangana has no resemblance whatsoever to jaya  .
modi s skill india shutdown  amp  bhrastachar   many core of bhrastachar in skill india mostly this for benefit of priv .
 sherryontopp the way these companies are operating they deserved to be shutdown .
how to shutdown and startup a kubernetes cluster in vmware pks .
part 3   i ve got the craziest  fans   dis gee sabi my lyrics pass me    about last nyt we shutdown   team lio my team win .
                gujaratinews  gujarat .
i need to take things one at a time  i overwhelm my brain thinking of everything at once  amp  then i shutdown.
 videocon d2h  d2h online  trai  if u don t want to give services then kindly shutdown ur services forever    ur cu .
life time fitness ceo calls for action in response to government shutdown  smallbiz  startup .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app   washington post  .
 catesduane  drawandstrike  epochtimes  declassified et since the song kate sang was a broadway tune  all of broadw .
did  valve turners emily johnston and annette klapstein do anything unsafe  when they instigated the shutdown of en .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 fotobus  fasnix   tsukino usako  mama arbeitet  wochenendrebell  shg autismus  kidz pod mein mann  s  thread  arbe .
 .
already unit 1 of kk is shutdown for the past 250 days and not producing any electricity        we urge the govt to set .
 blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
seoul jung gu district mayor seo yang ho  seoul jung gu  korea  shutdown illegal dog meat farms slaughterhouses mar .
root .
aku pgn ngatain diriku sendiri   aku udh ngetik banyak eh laptop kepencet shutdown     ckck.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
traffic alert  weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous aft .
the government shutdown is over .
trump didnt conspire with russia  donald was dupped by vladimire putin  since the government is shutdown shouldnt .
every week government is shutdown citizens should get 2  tax deduction april 20  2019 at 03 00am.
voting which ended in srinagar days before  administration had suspended internet in valley well that s not the new .
it s not coincidence    midterms   sessions ousted   whitaker fills in   barr takes over    mueller shutdown   assange arrested .
 fan960steinberg this  amp  so many more reasons  d zone gaps were horrible especially between our blue line  amp  the circ .
 greaterkashmir means  no regular internet shutdown    no barring of high speed internes   no curfews on election d .
the processing of international adoptions and us citizen visa applications would not be disrupted despite the plann .
there is a big issue about our shutdown and the liberals are doing nothing about it  our nation is in a bad position  i am fighting for you .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown  via  abscbnnews.
barr shutdown the irancontra investigation   impeachbarr     impeachbarrnow .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
       umedago.
two faa officials  speaking on background monday  blamed the shutdown on the unlikely convergence of two events .
last night  got into wt4 and began assault on tidal basin  then server shutdown in  50mins popped up on screen  l .
 dancrenshawtx there is operational control  our president rather ask his dhs to break the law and subvert legal op .
the weekend shutdown with the legendary queen moremi in moremi the musical continues today with two electrifyi .
 reality2809  hamishpricenz well he couldn t get his wall from congress after 35 days of shutdown  so i d say not .
nevermind got shutdown  rip to us.
part 2   asi the new school anthem     about last nyt we shutdown   team lio my team wins          zoroswagbag .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
hey  rashidatlaib i hear youre going on a hunger strike to shutdown  icegov  im intrigued  how can i help  you sh .
i feel like my entire system is on shutdown  whyyyy haaaayst.
shutdown    ps4share       .
also hooray  the folks over on psn profiles are organising game sessions between now and shutdown .
                        pudukkottai  protest  tasmac       .
  ikaka you re welcome  hope you are getting ready for when i will shutdown o2 arena.
 natashabertrand i believe investigation cut short  mueller had just asked  amp  gotten approved an extension thru or t .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
part 1   dy love the flow     about last nyt we shutdown   team lio my team wins          zoroswagbag  welovephyno .
had an awesome day today  my partner the owner was gone all day so  i had to shutdown the shop to go on calls but  .
so apparently after a streak of murders by amakorokoza kwekwe and redcliff city are in a low key curfew  word on th .
it s almost as if  flyspicejet was just waiting for the shutdown of  jetairways and pounce on the opportunity at th .
rep  ayanna pressley wants 16 year olds to vote  gets shutdown in congress  via  youtube.
 r taneja69  flyspicejet  jetairways yes  its only temporary shutdown  we will come back as a stronger force  just .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 baycity beacon great marketing piece  love it  so if it s true and not staged then all ncs should accept accountab .
 iwriteok  funder i m being 100  serious when i say i don t think that d do it  cartoonish stuff has a short circui .
akhir ini saja   bisa ada kesempatan feedback   beberapa tahun yg lalu di intervensi laptopnya lansung hang  bayang .
           jetairwayscrisis .
bushiit  shutdown pa  yawaaa .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown .
florida weather be like   feeling bipolar idk might shutdown down airports later .
your system will shutdown after a couple days whether you like it or not  you will sleep  no choice .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown   techrepublic .
 idolevav04  kadewagner47  chasethabagd  mannyluxurious  joeyflam  sportscenter that mavs fan got shutdown.
rep  ayanna pressley wants 16 year olds to vote  gets shutdown in congress  via  youtube.
sat 14th shaban 1440h    30c   10 46 am good morning   and a very happy shab e barat mubarak    .
        plant news  restart   1  company  lg chem   2 product  styrene monomer   3 location  yeosu  south korea   4 capacity .
ok so i slammed the door on my finger  cousins are downstairs and here i am facing my laptop upstairs being the ant .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown .
 margotpnw  rifat oguz it s a joke  either their app suddenly stopped working and they are incapable of updating it .
 ogie488  harlan19rempel 13 23 28 is our top line  not every team has a shutdown line  to argue that they dont p .
 socaltelevision  traffic  alert  gt  crash temp has all lanes shutdown in  southgate on 710 nb before firestone b    .
citizenship applications to continue despite planned uscis manila office shutdown  abs cbnnews .
        2019 .
new post added at jet airways   it is definitely the beginning of the end for jet airways   just around midnight on the .
 championtenza if an abuser keeps repeatedly abusing the victim and the victim repeatedly avails themselves tothe a .
 ogie488  harlan19rempel its cool for you to be a diehard fan  that doesnt mean you actually understand hockey  .
 btssofagang to shutdown those who belittled and underestimated them just because they come from a small company  b .
nag overload   nag crashed   nag shutdown.
 claytoncyre  xarkom  throwdownshow  romudeth all i know is that there have been a lot of first party studios that .
we can t tolerate a pathological liar and bully as president and a culture of lying in the white house  we can t af .
 bkerogers how does  ap4libertys tweet fit in here  hes calling for oversight of government or shutdown of government agencies .
 sarahpalinusa who cares  ice is ice it wont be shutdown  crazy.
what z ur problem   oyorooms if you re nt be able to provd me ur srvce thn kindly don t make a false promises    diz .
 revive liberty  ap4liberty  bkerogers to be fair austin doesn t want just those agencies to be shutdown he wants a .
reliable allies refuse to defend a president content with chaos .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown .
 anthemgame just shutdown the gameit cant be saved already.
 caroselambra777 the erstwhile sweet streets patrolled by ex football thug militiamen shortages of everything and t .
 flydre21 we need u dre to shutdown dame  .
 trumpmagaclub  politi chatter i m pretty sure she s with us   in spirit       i suggested democrats trade a liberal ap .
 bob stauffer remember when they didnt trade duchene for a shutdown defenseman  instead they waited and got a huge .
 ilochiogadinma  cnn  cillizzacnn government shutdown for a vain issue  wasting budget on vain issues  helping russ .
 donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states    donald trump .
 nebraskawoman76  yasmohammedxx they went crazy and shutdown discussions and hid behind the word nazi to win argume .
 pmuralidharrao  narendramodi new age indians wants jet airways revival  its like hypothetically if one day bjp cl .
i really hate when i shutdown  but sometimes i just cant help it  i guess its my body mind way of telling me im holding to much in.
 vowswithinhb figured 3m would shutdown the avs top line like they did throughout the season series  amp  the flames de .
not to mention some of the more recent nonsense  like representatives doing amas on sites known for far right extre .
my body just shutdown lmfao it s like an  exe file got approved to run but i don t remember pressing  ok .
 walshfreedom wow  i think  billary shutdown all the insane asylums way to early   thealternaterealityoftheleft.
bye need to shutdown myself for a while .
wow  i think  billary shutdown all the insane asylums way to early   thealternaterealityoftheleft .
 steadypluswins  jasoncuadrado5  ilhanmn a traitor is a man who wasted money on vain issues  the government shutdow .
 the sweet pete  bstategames if your raid timer drops to 10 due to server shutdown  you don t have to reach extract .
i am booked on a klm flight from mumbai to zagreb via amsterdam on may 12  with jet airways shutdown temporarily  c .
 slagcarangi said eyelid  surgery alert  system processing    face not found   lt shutdown gt   face deactivated  .
 avalanche shutdown  nhlflames in five  that s another proof that your dominance you had in the regular season does .
 klm i am booked on a klm flight from mumbai to zagreb via amsterdam on may 12  with jet airways shutdown temporari .
plugged phone to avoid a shutdown  relax and watch the girls slay once again at coachella    blackpinkxcoachella d2     jenchella   blackpink.
how come this pos page is still up  jack    twittersupport are you advocating a threat or assassination attempt  .
 impishchimp  kpearson04 the liberals really f  k that province badly  theres not too many alternatives for ontari .
so we just beat the  1 seed in the west quicker than the  1 seed last year beat us with no goalie and without our t .
 youtube are u guys doing another shutdown cause i cant get on .
 windows shutdown mp3 .
useless  goairlinesindia staff at the mumbai airport  another airline waiting to be shutdown i guess  zero courtesy .
 adamsonwood  big rolo59  tommyhicksgop  donaldjtrumpjr i believe government can help those who want to help themse .
 thnmattlarkin this has been a complete team game and series for the avs  flames didnt help themselves at all  but .
i cannot wait until kd takes on harden in the next round  i feel like kd will take it upon himself to shutdown hard .
shutdown inning from horn  who strikes out two more  he s at 9 for the night  matching  his career high   calbaseball leads 4 1    .
did  kinky horror get shutdown again  she s breaking rules  like she breaks hearts     thelastdrivein.
 cmyrphoto  kentremendous start shutdown sequence  sorosbot .
there should be an mba case study on how these guys ever lasted as long as they have   blackberry messenger is shut .
 mygridgb  sdmoores this is manipulating statistics at its worst   take a figure from good friday when industry ene .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
since all the media outlets are just propaganda spewers for the democrats  since they refuse to tell the truth to t .
shutdown  .
 kylev  wf run mo both temp and  temp  tas delete mo lahat ng laman  do this while ps is completely shutdown  like .
fda acknowledges shortage of breathing tubes due to sterilization shutdown  .
 otflvcko  davidwiggins25  youbecem  sportscenter why have russ guard lillard when you have one of the best defensi .
when government shutdown failed   realdonaldtrump had to violate the constitution  our nation of 327 million faces .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 chris damyen  cbrhino1  harvard2h  dancrenshawtx  guypbenson the maps have always had to clear courts and the doj .
   backup shutdown start test        .
 wwemezza  kieran 2001  but moviebox was shutdown due to lawsuits.
 tpdolla  trashtalk fr c est toujours comme a westbrook tu vas voir que le prochain game il va shooter a 5 25 et 1 .
 liberalnotlefty i don t know  i m skeptical  his awakening was genuine but there is definitely financial incentive .
certain songs pavement   starlings of the government shutdown is over .
shutdown   joywave is my current mood.
lillard really got shutdown in the 4th .
 gt  300 reported shutdowns in india over the past 6 yrs     2012   2017  16 315 shutdown hours costs economy    3 04 .
 donnano29518676 thanks to president obama   you do realize you are talking about the man that didn t give a damn .
 trooploverbarry he s shutdown lillard in the 4th though .
out now      new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
 mitsuboshineko from japari import friend      a       .
yo  jackboxgames   last week i had   not responding   issues with all 5 packs  so i reinstalled steam  each game  f .
 sportfanyyc it has to be somebody who can play shutdown and offense    not sure who s available in the summer that fits that.
1fcqvz4r  tatasky team need your attention once again  the fix done yesterday did not work after one power shutdown .
 1776stonewall  billkristol can someone just put bill to bed       i mean i know it s tough when you lose your fail .
cardi bs tips for making moneymoves .
pangarap ko talagang i shutdown tong twitter tsaka facebook e hahahahahahaha  wait nyoko .
 itsrobbieb  edkrassen i m sure the replacement staff for the ones who lost their jobs at the va take comfort in th .
after jet airways got shutdown        spicejet hired 500 employees including 100 pilots        thnx  spicejet .
also i might need to pass by gamestop cause i havent used my 3ds in so long it went into this shutdown mode in whic .
 tommygreggs1  gargugi  purplenoranged  billyhaze  allinkid the stock market was down last year  did you know that  .
the software that shutdown everyone s hardware permanently    .
davenport  scott co   traffic   i 80 wb shutdown at i 74 due to a crash at brady st  expect long delays  traffic is backed up   511 eifg 70 .
may shutdown ba kayo sa line this holiday  haha  have a good vacay   sino ka nga kasi  hahaha  kaynis ka  kinakaba .
shutdown      petro stopping centers .
good news folks                link      royalsupply  marijuanapackaging  medicalmarijuana .
 mattmcmuscles my stand can increase the temperature of your body by 10 degrees every 5 minutes which will cause yo .
 peruzzi vibes  amp   famousbobson at novena university major shutdown     .
should end this shutdown and .
need help  how did ann coulter milk the government shutdown  .
 mattsideashop  looks back fondly previous meaningless government shutdown and orders 3 xl bags of chips  .
 mend555       many sources   ironically during the wall shutdown his approval went up 19 points.
damn the avengers endgame shutdown a file sharing site.
 speakerpelosi  what the hell  are you running a cult   rashidatlaib is asking people  who support your  dnc to go .
    mr  whitaker is your all time for the shutdown was knowingly wrong  no collus.
robert gsellman shutdown reliever.
out now        new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify    .
 krassenstein brian  these are trump supporters in 2019  i can see them in 2015  maybe 2016  even 2017  but 2019    h .
day 3    feel dead inside   shutdown r   reset all gt    hard reset   clean   new text document   txt.
 fightoracle you read this shit  .
 burnsinandout3  kim trojan horse sen  richard burr also voted to lift russian sanctions during the trump shutdown  .
nba playoff recap  celtics shutdown pacers in second half  take 3 0 series lead  .
 baiselavie shutdown nanaman.
window shutdown noise .
 baudeter1  onewalleee  kg eternally he has very solid support from the republican base so the gop is stuck with hi .
 gokpkd how dare she treat your son like that  this daycare needs to be shutdown  im so angry  this is completely unacceptable .
 kylegriffin1 i think we need a total and complete shutdown of the entry of white men to the population until our c .
 1000steps yeah man  about 2 hours ago  all of antonio was shutdown .
 windows xp shutdown noise  .
 licensedt0ill i didn t see a single bird during the government shutdown  just saying .
imagine if the brewers could throw hader out as a fireman all the time because they had a shutdown closer       unfortu .
 trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  really jimb  black is back5  thomaspearc3120  sconsyhammer  kmillercc .
 realdonaldtrump just read you posted a 9 hr twitter thread saying mueller cost you  30 million  thats 3 golf week .
pedro baez  shutdown reliever.
the gov t employees without pay  who are dems  can ask money to feinstein and pelosi   they have a lot of        mi .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  with jet airways grounded  if there ar .
the govt  botched up the privatization of  airindia        the tax payer is now lumbered with an airline with debts of .
 otdderamin also  we have a number of contingencies in place for longevity or  at least  not surprising you with a shutdown .
 bowlingotter did you hear about city of heroes  there s been a private super secret server since the shutdown  i j .
mueller report  columbine  beyonc  your wednesday eveningbriefing .
turn turn up guys  we gonna shutdown elegushi private beach  .
 weciv01  kieserbill  realclearisrael  joeblow745 yes it s controlled and effective but doesn t disrupt like a complete shutdown .
 kevinpwinter great stretch to shutdown the pacers and lock up the win   .
 vnerdynate  vmware  plankers  virtspeaking ntp  dns  powecli ups graceful shutdown restore  etc  lots of uses        i .
 houstondynamo i must be tired   just see a pic   is there a separate link to watch  gotta see zlatan be shutdown .
didn t trump cost us 11 billion lost in the government shutdown  .
thanks bro   oh the shop is closed fam   for sure   im as sure as my belief in christ  that the shop is shutdown .
 saltieone808 its the or well get it ourselves that is her msg for trump  his poll numbers went down when she d .
 dlovesperry government shutdown.
have you ever shut down your plant for  preventativemaintenance  learn the crucial long term impact in  rasmechs b .
this was my mood until the stupid mfr slapped me back  whew chile my body shutdown  .
 keithdb80  actbrigitte  lindilu8 so what are you even saying  it s not that trump prefers to close the border but .
 lawrence its the shutdown that hurt the gop  since they were both gingrich  people conflate the two .
a shutdown inning .
 llamorandier i personally think  barring injury  that david long starts for 10 years  true shutdown skills .
 safwantukimin oil n gas le   contract setahun   ade shutdown.
need i remind you that this is the woman who got the aca passed  and who just fucking owned trump during the shutdo .
finally a statement       .
im in a constant state of  i want to be the person that no one was for me  and  im so tired and interaction is maki .
huhuhuy anong nangyayari sa messenger ko   bakit nagsha shutdown .
 jwest401  mikechambers i agree but might as well keep barrie unless yall have another great puck mover coming in  .
a simple google search will tell you it was money  or  just let me help you since you seem to lazy to do it yoursel .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 judgar64  premierscottmoe  fordnation  sask ndp the stc shutdown was only nominally a funding issue  public transi .
opinion    jetairwayss temporary shutdown will drive airfares upwards as the airline had a 15  domestic market sha .
.
the thread triggering finalizer shutdown events should be in an alert   dotnet coreclr 24133 .
the thread triggering finalizer shutdown events should be in an alert   dotnet coreclr 24133 .
tugas saya sebagai keamanan kpu tlh membuahkan hasil  rupanya para hacker bayaran dr china telah memasukan input yg .
shutdown all the garbage mashers on the detention level .
 herbert l reed  godsangel1122 i still dont get it  how will her missing meals shutdown  icegov  .
charlie ebersol speaks out on alliance s shutdown in this exclusive with ben kercheval of    .
first time my laptop shutdown due to overheating .
 mirrornow  fayedsouza we indians demand to shutdown your christhinithuva and muslimithuva agenda channel .
series tied 2 2     0 0 in the 3rd period     you  have to  call goalie interference        on another note  the leafs play .
 smoovedeeeezy for what both of em gon get shutdown in a matter of 2hrs.
who wouldnt want to play with  tre3jones   floor general  shutdown defender  heart  amp  soul  and remains humble  .
 greg doucette carpet bomb all districts with babies in cages ads  oh  and remind people about the shutdown .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped  via  federalnewsnet  abrustwfed.
 k stoey well some of them deploy overseas  its just bullshit theyre dhs now   especially for that shutdown and t .
 swtor it s ea probably doing the government shut down tactic  allow us to put more cosmetic micro transactions in .
with last shutdown in mind  trump mulls compromise spending bill .
to anyone who lives in my neighborhood it just got shutdown cause theres a guy walking around with a gun    be careful.
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
 mirrornow  fayedsouza hhahah i am demanding to shutdown your fake news thela btw we are all enjoying all of your premature ejaculation .
 briankarem  devincow  presssec she is a pimple on a systemic system shutdown   2020 cant come soon enough .
 jimserwan you re only and hour and a half away  jim  will have to be after this shutdown is over though    this was .
 herbert l reed so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a muslim jenny crai .
 raihansays personal opinion    leafs need to learn how to play the body more against the boards  too much stick ch .
the investigation  was shutdown    let the house  continue .
 sarahpalinusa damn  sucks to see someone dying from starvation  but why would we shutdown ice  its almost like sh .
im happy to announce that brasier is one  1  shutdown inning away from me bringing back the b emojis  cant do it just yet .
b4  thattaboy motty  shutdown  gets in trouble  not his doing as shay simply spiked simple grounder from leadoff ma .
you twitter can shutdown my account for being a conservative as reflective of my twitts    but you cannot totally s .
a childcare program could close its doors if they dont raise  20k by the end of april     .
political spotlight  the party to blame  amp  8212  a gop ignoramus leads other ignoramuses to shutdown the government .
 fullfrontalsamb the government shutdown stalemate cost us 6 billion that we will never recover  blame both parties .
 rlt  cara perbaikinnya gimana ya  udah di shutdown tapi tetep gitu   help me pleaseeeee .
jet airways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets via  bgrindia  via  nashpd.
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
can i shutdown my  xbox while installing games   xboxone .
 blackberry messenger  5  31  .
 pilgrimbruce  michael j bravo  frankfigliuzzi1  kendilaniannbc  nbcnews  msnbc there was this little government sh .
 realdonaldtrump i knew that president mr trump just destroy the whole democratic parties and shutdown cnn and the media let s save usa now.
 mpklang  mpklang yb in this week can span use your power to shutdown all car wash in klang to conserve water for r .
 blackberry messenger  5  31   .
 jrsowards77 the depository library council met last week  amp  there was something about the cfr in one of the session .
there s nothing more frustrating than having a sudden power outage  which then causes you to fight with your aging .
just added surprise  it s another ipa    government shutdown dipa by  stbonifacebrew to our menu .
 nyforsanders is it that cfa s owner doesn t believe in gay marriage  their stores getting shutdown honestly seems un called for  .
 aeneas35 you rock aeneas  life long cardinal fan 98 cards baby   shutdown michael irvin .
muzzin and z were dynamite in a shutdown role.
 jackposobiec inciting violence with the intent to cause bodily harm  time for justice in america  shutdown any new .
skepta   shutdown.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
trump heads to see farmers with shutdown in fourth week .
just in case  you know        denver  colorado  copolitics  coleg  9news  yeson300      source   .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump cryin chuck shutdown schumer .
local bitch ass laptop decides to shutdown with no warning  refuses to turn back on  tonight at 11 .
applauding the dea today on their shutdown of white cranes medical center  it s about damn time that clinic got shut down     pillmill.
5 minutes to shutdown .
getting shutdown by jordan lyles is one of the biggest embarrassments in the game.
 windows xp shutdown sound  .
blackberry messenger  bbm  will shutdown on may 31  .
 whodatcattt  cjhaydon  ericholder everything trump has said about ilhan omar and alexandria ocasio cortez     i did .
5  meanwhile some ideas i find intriguing       shutdown the senate  impeach barr  and prevent more federalist judges f .
are we still in a state of emergency government shutdown or is it now just the new norm .
standing up for your members is apart of leadership even the ones u don t agree with   if you can t do that how do .
shutdownkillctrl c ctrl x .
shutdown   killkill   gold   kill.
that was a textbook road playoff win by the  leafs    fantastic game by team   anyone who says leafs cant play defe .
muzzin zaitsev is an insane shutdown pair.
 aqizil  playstation greetings asad  i ve notice that playstation all stars has t shirts and coin collection by sup .
 lbc  thespurrshow mps didn t know they were getting easter break until     same day parliament closed down  .
shoutout to ponies defense  albers  sigfried  konigson  ostrander  long  stahl  carle and dario  for keeping a pote .
   how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown.
gop has slowly starved our greatest treasures as they vulture the country   national parks face lasting damage long .
 carrollsasseo  josephnsanberg seems most of their success or failure is weather dependent and not really based on .
 scoutstever we need shutdown pitching the rest of the game and we can win this game    hailstate .
the 3 day shutdown    begins november 1rst 2020       for the good of america    will you    join with your fellow amer .
i utilize a chieftain for canning  shutdown  and amputation.
trump signs executive order planning for total grid shutdown   lights ou     via  youtube.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
please just shutdown  facebook so we can all get back to our regularly scheduled     life  .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown       1 infosecbot.
so  theaafs problem was not accounting for expenses  it was a lack of access to capital  our expenses fell almost .
 trump8year  deadendangel  jakehirsch77  walshfreedom so  weve established youre either a racist  or a racist sym .
 pxtl  merransmith agreed  if we stopped all flying   driving    amp  manufacturing in canada including shutdown of the .
 kronicdryeye  bigpundit  oohohohhh  dontheshowmega  forsuns  sheaserrano well they support someone who supports se .
 markbspiegel  netflixandlamp  notabigdeal111 this is a rip chord pull for them   prepping for a shutdown   its go .
its called mueller was shutdown and was not done .
sync   unixsync sync shutdown     linux  bot.
 juliereichwein1  zagreus66 shutdown terrorists.
 tressa bunch  louisianafinan1  realjameswoods not true  you just hate the man so you are unwilling or incapable of .
 realdonaldtrump again mr  meathead  it didn t cost that much   we the taxpayers were billed over a billion dollars .
 jkempenergy a couple thoughts  the period included a 35 day govt shutdown  loss of payrolls  amp  payments to contract .
jet airways decision to suspend all operations has left many passengers flying to and from nepal through the airli .
its such a pleasure to see petersons redbaiting shutdown by a guy that actually experienced eastern europe  petersonvszizek.
 aajtak modi s economy crackdow   last 5 years only lost  at all  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industri .
need a shutdown inning here drake .
the eco warrior behind a plot to shutdown travel at heathrow tomorrow bragged his protest will disrupt the travel .
 aayeff1  samyuktha1908  ganesan312  empoweringgoa  avijitsinha5  yusufiosys  kirti sd  b k70  sunilddesai .
traffic alert  a car accident on the 710 fwy nb has all lanes temporarily shutdown  estimated delay of 30 minutes .
shutdown .
 recallwhitmer   opinion  shutdown threats bad for business  via  detroitnews.
 marielikesart he gets mad at congress when they exercise their constitutional authority and  say  give him slightl .
 broxtonspring  mihero  cocannabisco mueller laid it all out before he was shutdown   in the end  he basically said .
on a serious note did he issue a public apology to the young man    he ridicule the young man publicly it is only f .
 brianschatz the first time i met him was on the senate floor talking about the shutdown my kind of leader  happy t .
crash temp has all lanes shutdown in  southgate on 710 nb before firestone blvd  stopped traffic back to rosecrans ave  delay of 30 mins.
 speakerpelosi  repdebdingell you mean just not on going trip during a govt shutdown  always a look that shallowed .
michigan  opinion  shutdown threats bad for business  via  detroitnews.
 sensodinausea  a gentili   graydorian l anno scorso mi  capitato sotto mano un win95  su 80286 hdd ide da 20gb is .
i looked at the windows event viewer and it didnt log anything wrong other than the sudden shutdown in the first place.
imagine the effects of a power shutdown on metro north west trains with no guard and no driver        the nsw govt has .
 danknightly i think they ll be looking for more of a shutdown guy than gardiner  and i still insist ghost won t be here.
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
 dleos91745  acosta there was a government shutdown at that time  amp  congress needed to raise the government s borrow .
 blacklabellogic  clevernoo response   don t worry   with all your workouts you still look fat    that s worth at l .
 mdoles2  lmsholar no wonder because its an ice cold take  shutdown is the best episode of tv ever.
friday nights are for our guy  colewilcox11   big time shutdown inning   boy .
 jontaffer  barrescue  paramountnet hey  jontaffer we re still waiting for your new series here in  australia .
 newtgingrich worse  44 actually shutdown the counter cyber efforts of ic   he hates america and needs to be brough .
pharmacy shutdown changes outlook for shoppers food sale   pharmacists  pharmacy  healthcare  health  profession.
 shutdown .
 fernandobr1978 deu shutdown no vagabundo     tipo qdo o windows no quer desligar e vc faz na marra.
 smokingman55  tenaciouse5  repdougcollins  thejusticedept ppl were estimating market reaction to his policies that .
 realdonaldtrump and the  11 000 000 000 shutdown that you created isnt an issue .
 basta lies  thehill lmao your point of view is irrational because its not based in facts  facts are that the tr .
plant  shutdowns are expensive  but can save you thousands in the long run  heres how  .
 brian giovati  a chauvancy23 shutdown defensemen are almost non existent at this point  the key is to have defense .
 cmac672 it was up on the go90 website but it got shutdown  i m true i can find it online for you tho .
 realheatherd  housedemocrats  speakerpelosi they still need to see the unredacted report  amp  gather a few more bits .
 basta lies  thehill you keep talking about millions and millions yet have no source  thats not how operating a .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 sarcasmlemons  theresajsnyder during the government shutdown people were rationing insulin thats not ok they could have died .
everythings as getting shutdown last night hashtag looking kinda dry  ncat.
there is no reason we should nt call this jet airways shutdown as jet lag .
others couldn t invest in the market because many uits  unit investment trust   new preferreds were not coming to .
 lovetwitter  terenceviptweets    wordswithsteph  ambeanie moss  jennifermonckt2  ylladybug333    isleofkal  furloughed .
              jetairways .
 leonknight   mikeyjarell or every player    complete shutdown .
 sportsmodelluvr you are correct  remember they were dealing with the shutdown that caused the data to be on hold u .
 anasparrow meu corpo da shutdown 10pm  jaja vo ta morta de sono tbm kkkkkk.
 unsubtledesi correction we demand that you shutdown .
 sethabramson mueller was brilliant in passing information to sdny since his scope was so limited   so far they hav .
ladies up in smoke join the group as my og 65k  group was shutdown and  i can t add noone      bebey gunja cheers.
jerry remy yelling shutdown inning is extremely my jam .
 amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat   los angeles times   .
bila shutdown boiler  pastikan tambah chemical bagi naikkan ph air boiler bagi elakkan berlaku pengaratan   .
sepertinya shutdown semua berita berhubungan dengan politik sampai kpu mendapatkan hasil final deh  orang tolol in .
shutdown eh lol.
 meetakslimz yes boss  shutdown quilox .
 a chauvancy23  dockelley41 i think i m the only anti butcher fan  imo he ll ever b as good as severson  amp  he s  4  .
 braylennapier  hypocrisydetec1  broskijames  bennyjohnson  realdonaldtrump  cnn  speakerpelosi trump hit  gt 50  appr .
 abradley1974  cnn obama started the investigation in 2016 and wanted to go public with it but was shutdown by bitch mcconnell .
 thebeatwithari  glennkirschner2 i hate to be debbie downer but as long as  barr is doj ag any cases in sdny or any .
mueller was shutdown    five unresolved mysteries about russian meddling in mueller s report   politico .
man  rackeduprsims said its no reason to come anymore    all the massage parlors been shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump way less than the cost of your last shutdown .
christian vazquez with another big home run to give red sox a 3 2 lead in the fifth  hes got four homers already  .
 realdonaldtrump kind of like your golfing  how much does that cost the tax payers  or like your govt shutdown  cos .
i feel like my panicking macbook with all adobe apps are opened trying to do an emergency shutdown .
 awsten my brain shutdown trying to read that.
 basta lies  thehill well apparently it is because the foundation was shutdown  wake up .
 jimfreedom2  realdonaldtrump an org that is out to destroy a country is not a political party  the dems org is an .
my body has gone into sever shutdown mode    i havent felt like this since day 3 of indie holy shit.
 z1battleroyale seeing shutdown in the title gave me a mini heart attack    .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
so was the mueller investigation shutdown via denying funding  .
hari hari kerja macam ni  esok lusa memang shutdown diri aku ni.
also  a big thanks to wizzair roblox group for giving this a321 to us however we are very sad you have shutdown and .
in addition  i m sick of hearing trump and his minions crying about the waste of 30 million on the report  when he .
i don t understand how you can have loosely held religious beliefs and still embrace the crap out of a slippery slo .
v  quantas mais este tlm de merda vai bloquear  reiniciar  e dar shutdown de uma app do nada     que juro  falta .
 jordan sather    qanon       trying to red pill muh wife on vaccines  can you recommend a good video to  calmly   slow .
bicyclist hit by car at lakeside and moana  entire intersection shutdown  avoid the area   krnv .
shutdown  and as importantly  quick  inning for cc .
i don t normally toot my own horn and im not about to start but i was looking thru some photos of the yoda in just .
cbs sports  aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually m .
 tonycolaneri  sethabramson nah hell have to leave if he loses  he acts tough but given enough pressure he caves  .
 basta lies  thehill lmao you dont read much do you  trump operated a criminal enterprise  the trump foundation wa .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  .
blackberry messenger  bbm  will shutdown on may 31  via  techhabor  bbm  goodfriday .
 wpdtx any update on eastbound side of road  still shutdown .
 neurorebel that s certainly what happens to me  i want allowed meltdowns so i shutdown more often .
mardi gras casino owner sues over sportsbook shutdown    .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  via  infosechotspot .
 jrsowards77 so weird  now i m trying to see if gpo was affected by the recent government shutdown  since some agen .
keep it a stack  the punch off would have been party of the year if it didnt get shutdown .
repairs to the part of the  transitcentersf that had broken beams will be done by the end of the weekend  then  cre .
signing off for today folks  have a great weekend everyone  don t forget to  shutdown  azure  weekendarrived  beertime  mvphour.
i hate the energy this video gives off  dylan is so chaotic and kaya just fully shutdown until the last second  mar .
pharmacy shutdown changes outlook for shoppers food sale   pharmacists  pharmacy  health  healthcare.
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 joanrobertsmn  kavrider  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse is this fact sheet a joke  the shutdown cost much more  why  .
 nreilly 24 01 i dont think anyone could shutdown shaq back then and now.
 lugerlynx  renfamous  darkcuriou  chesire2050  katarucreator  zachviana no she didnt  and she won t  she knows she .
feedback is important but we have to make sure to focus on the delivery  the delivery can make or break how feedbac .
 sarah skg 1983  funder i don t think he thought he was actually going to get shutdown  which he should have counte .
this sunday  4 21  main campus will be closed for an electrical shutdown from approximately 6 a m  to 2 p m  the en .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
if  calgaryflames or  billpeters are listening    bennett ryan and lindholm should be your shutdown line  play them e .
 kabiru aminu well first i m at work and my servers are shutdown for some power issues which means i get to sleep s .
kawhi is getting absolutely shutdown right now.
 shellofagenius task at hand        bidding came and went  items were bought and re sold  but it all game down to the l .
 cursedvideos shutdown  a .
judy baca had it all when she wants to put up murals alongside jersey wpa projects that have  registered  wrecks wi .
 jennycohn1 im sure he wasnt finished  he was shutdown by  agbillbarr.
shutdown something  producer  guitarist  musicians  musicproducer  song  newmusic  instamusic  art  rock  rap .
 katrinaelbourne con artist company    needs shutting down    treats customers like a peice of crap     your all li .
first time to have a proper laptops shutdown like in 2 weeks .
man  listen  i think this often  when ive preached  everything got shutdown that week   youll be good  that nerv .
getting set to enjoy a few days off  twitter shutdown commencing  see you on monday  ereng.
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
 baba9773  cvpayne  peoples pundit  larryschweikart  unseen1 unseen love it  best first quarter in many years with .
 sheriffclarke so tell trump to stop tweeting and shutdown the border   he has the authority .
.
 nycbubbles  jsawyer1950 hold hearings now  wait for the economy to go south   as it will in about nine months  ass .
 larkinck  noaasatellites  nhc atlantic the government shutdown set them back 35 days.
 varkarora  narendramodi so  it s a matter of time they will also be shutdown   .
back in the day  public nuisances like this bar were shutdown for being  well   public nuisances    police id  pers .
yesterday activity  office final cleaning  key turn over and shutdown everything        tillnextime.
 neurorebel try to adult and just shutdown instead of having a huge hissy   it is hard though because if you shut d .
 base2wave i have been updating services and everyone has been informed that it will be back online at 4pm  inevita .
angry manbun was just back at the gate  shutdown again    he doesnt know what to do now  free entertainment and he .
 jake shits self to shutdown by skepta .
 omgitsmobi sucks to see atlas reactor go  after doing all the freelancer spotlights like brynns .
.
cougs operating shutdown d  1min to go .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  vp  gop you guys are such idiots   i cant wait to see how many lies you told tonight afte .
without senate majority leader mconnell trump meets with democrat leaders to resume talks on avoiding partial govt .
 itskelleykelley  superyayadize those importing drugs  sex trafficking  and ms 13 wants ice shutdown       so    democrats want ice shutdown .
 huffpost if we get sarah sanders to resign  then all the media houses in the us should shutdown immediately for mi .
 lrt1x oh so it s a secret  he negotiated so well in nk as you put it that they tested weapons two days ago  negoit .
shutdown a vendors stand at socialiga .
please if you listen to nothing listen to this     annanomiddlenamewalis strong group wants you to lie about mi  amp  ang .
repeat     i am lovelijareds spiritangel only   if you try tolieclaim mi  a natural spirtangel  it will be a natzilie  .
a year after the shutdown of backpage  business has not been good for websites selling sex  but we won t stop until .
yo  ncaa let  lukeredx97 transfer like fields and martell did or i hope you get sued and shutdown because you are n .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 neurorebel   autismreality i m the shutdown type  if i can t handle a situation and things get out of hand  i just .
tonight pull up       shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
 s  a  m  anna soubry sick and tired of being labelled a far right extremist for voting leave and having an opinion .
 glennkirschner2 looks like individual1 and his traitors in congress is going to be the ones who is going miss muel .
mexico says u s  border truck traffic is slower  doesnt see shutdown           politics on april 2  2019 5 13pm.
 neurorebel shutdown until i can get to a place by myself and then meltdown .
 neurorebel unsure what to wear  eat  etc  post meltdown everything was heightened   sensory overstimulation of res .
 finnobeyts alternatively you re allowed to take it as unpaid leave      i know my parents workplace makes then take .
why would they take us to the runway then shutdown for 30 minutes and tell us a delay  why couldnt they let us sta .
shutdown vmguest  shutdowns the specified virtual machine guest os .
  usibaseball shutdown by illinois springfield  but will attempt to bounce back saturday   gousieagles  .
unfortunately landon  i think jalen wants to win  so the redskins are definitely out of the picture  and if he want .
shutdown these murdering bastards who are trying 2 destroy our gr8 nation     americans1st .
 juliamoffitt13 ha    shutdown   nice work jm  .
i wish trump actually had the balls to follow through       if he caved on the shutdown and dem pansies  he ll get his .
while gm plants are shutdown in the u  s  gm ceo has to try and survive on  21 87 million in 2018       god help us all    .
 meetthepress  davidcicilline so he wants the documents that obama shutdown any activity to stop the russian activi .
 stevietheman66  socialismisfun  mehdirhasan  jack  twitter this is new talking point by dems to shutdown arguments .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  a simple tweak of the windows 10 registry file can elim .
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down tech dot  africa blackberry has announced the shutdown of its messeng .
 krassenstein good for the country and i wonder what does that trump supporter mean and how is that  so the person .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 historbilia  dawson7045  amy siskind  realdonaldtrump seriously  trump was gonna backoff then state runned fox spo .
senator mcconnell  a tobacco ally  supports raising age to buycigarettes .
this is a  we can shutdown your top line better than you can shutdown our top line  move        toronto s forwards have .
students blame trump for shutdown    until hearing the offer he made dems  via  youtube.
 zerohedge even if they manage to destroy civilization there is still the nuclear power facilities that need managed shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump you  blavatnik  deripaska   senatemajldr are quite a team       no wonder  senatemajldr blocked obama  .
the  west  is supposed to be an advocate of freedom  amp  democracy but they ve shutdown freedom of speech  shutdown fr .
its so much easier here now to get an uber  make a dinner reservation  and all sorts of stuff   kurtschlichterhttp .
 whitehouse what id like to know is why did trump call mitch to shutdown the bill that amy klobachar co sponsored .
 garydempster3 theres a 20 week shutdown cumin up but this 1 is only for the weekend   am sure the big 1 starts in may.
its been shutdown by  rupertmurdoch .
no collusion    no obstruction       no wall    no border shutdown    no swamp being drained    no eo ending birthright citizen .
 ktumulty  vermontgmg  dirkschwenk  stevedenning 6    .
national parks face lasting damage long after government shutdown ends    your fault    realdonaldtrump.
 repcummings  washingtonpost how about work on next budget  no shutdown   health care  and prescription cost  opioi .
as the shutdown problem in gov t brings acctblty resolutions like this make me really miss editing bravo .
google  amp  youtube shutdown iran propaganda news channels sites  .
 gerardkennelly  patspillane  latelateshow i get that gerard   however it s the overall shutdown of rural ireland  .
after seeing her performance during the shutdown  this is exactly how i think she will go about this  her ability t .
 ransomeware  weatherchannel  shutdown  cybersecurity  privacy   .
during the death of micheal jackson the internet shutdown due to the influx of people searching to know if the news .
n b a  photographers do it for the gram too .
blackberry messenger bbm shutdown and close operation on may31  .
deadlock in coreclr t  shutdown   dotnet coreclr 24125 .
deadlock in coreclr t  shutdown   dotnet coreclr 24125 .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters nut case shut xx  you can t take over the entire gov t    your wall shutdown irrepara .
 petegms then you haven t been paying attention  forgot about the  shutdown  trump owned   dems proposed money for .
 lrt1x confress also signed of on obamas plans  the shutdown was over the wall  worse  the latest forcasts are that .
 realdonaldtrump how much did your shutdown cost the us economy  .
this has to stop  defund and shutdown pph  poor babies  .
obama administration didnt choke    they called out russia for hacking and in december retaliated by expelling 35 .
 donnacmorris11  realdonaldtrump for what  donald s disastrous shutdown  donald s chronic vacationing  or the inves .
 mlota azola we sleep with big smiles on our faces something you don t know .
 dspracale lol  yeah i have been the exact same way with him  loved it when it happened  chapman is the only one i .
okay okay  sooooo the shutdown at my work has been officially confirmed for the last 3 weeks of may  so i shall be .
 realdonaldtrump its almost time .
7please support my gofundme campaign    gofundme .
 padres farm exactly  not great news  but not the end of the world either  he was shutdown for about 3 weeks last year too .
please do not shut the government shutdown  .
 gibzon21 itll probably be just a shutdown to rest for a couple weeks.
 jezmundzmusic  clayfoot  5280 native  fivethirtyeight it s a cult  no doubt about it  i find it odd his floor was .
 narceducator if when the dems start impeachment proceedings  amp  public hearings trump will retaliate in order to tak .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
okay ako naman ang magshu shutdown  bye world .
service outage  steam shutdown at teachers  education bldg  closed  more info at .
trump approval ratings     normalized approval calculated by       36 4  all time low 12 16 17  ba .
 jordanhklein yeah  depth gets you thru the season  studs finish it off    i think maeda could be that shutdown guy  .
 oriel irl  travis view its kinda weird bc normally id think we should shame and or shutdown those ideas  maybe i .
 lawrence media always confuses it with the government shutdown which did hurt republicans.
want to see how  asufootball wr  nkealharry15 matches up against our resident shutdown cb  stevemariucci        tune in .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 dipdtruck i think the bullpen is league average at best  dont really have a shutdown guy anymore  maybe julio eve .
 gop  jim jordan no new indictments because trump appointed barr to shutdown the investigation  you are lying again .
ready or ready    easter sunday and monday    shoprite owerri stand up   for we are coming to shutdown the city     .
if you on how do i can do have them to shutdown back those three event released earlier  sent to generate enough an .
nancy pelosi gain the shutdown  while at everything they have the great state of dollars and.
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify    .
 mottm  reprashida why bring up clinton  and it was trump that caused the shutdown because of a temper tantrum over a wall.
mulai hari ini  saya nak shutdown segala perkara yang telah berlaku       hello kehidupan baru .
 narceducator yes  and he will utilize all the powers that are available to him to use and abuse  when the dems too .
lately mmg keja 11 30 dah shutdown hahahah  penat dia lain mcm .
magic sysrq shutdown cheatshirt tee shirt     linux    .
its time to recover and shutdown   see you all in a few hours   xoxo.
 dslundberg  paulstorms    the extended partial government shutdown has resulted in a substantial backlog of cbp s .
today in gaming history       8 years ago   one of my favorite games  portal 2 was released for the pc  ps3 and 360  po .
after the rumor was shutdown back in november they decided to bring it back  good  .
7th inning update     kylewaller15 continues to shutdown morton with another scoreless inning  jake harmon singles  .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  a simple tweak of the windows 10 registry   infosec.
rt arstechnica  from the start of the month   if we just take the official shutdown dates that have already occurre .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 koreyzzz aqw server shutdown is happening right now and  alina ae i love letting korey know.
 kartpath  sunrisemvmt hippocracy you talk about climate change and are about to shutdown pilgrim station   the onl .
from the start of the month   if we just take the official shutdown dates that have already occurred in 2019  a goo .
just played  tommy  86   the shutdown of humanity  transhumanism .
 paulstorms this makes me happy i renewed last fall before the shutdown .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown      cybersecurity  hacker .
 datruth913  desmondtrufant always liked him   he needs to catch a few of those picks he drops every year   hope he .
.
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   cbc news .
 jasonba78292933 willard mitt romney refuses to answer this question  how many shares of stock did your wife hold i .
muslim youth volunteers show up to keep national parks clean amid government shutdown  .
 rockafire hello  mr  fecther   jim  jimcarrey seifeld impersonation    what is the deal with the shutdown of showbiz .
 jtrebelhorn  0  desienaace  thehill well just one would be the fraudulent trump foundation which was shutdown beca .
 woochinsights  kevinmkruse when he looks incompetent or crooked  basically the spread closed slowly at the dec   1 .
 catatonic     thehill well yeah and to think this is only one part of his criminality  dont forget that the trump .
ive been wondering where ive been since the coh shutdown  i seriously used to play it every waking moment  now i .
 smalltownandrew  armyproudparent  realdonaldtrump so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutd .
 anonlokal  jvdas iskariot mendingan ngaku di hack drpd ngaku salah entry   bilang aja hacker jago bangat   bisa ng .
 aoc so keep your gnd and shutdown the nuclear power plants  smarty .
 omis p redding  fairshakefb houston has scouted the hell outta him  also been reports he could switch to safety  i .
 csites73  jaysekulow  gop 1  there were issues in the 25m ob     2  shutdown  pelosi would not negotiate  she took   .
 martinknight   bettybunny23 how many fecking police   this is an insult to the operation shutdown protest which wa .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  techrepublic  .
i keep mulling this over and wanted to add one thing  i think if i had sought diagnosis before mysevere shutdown  i .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 afriggabytoto  thisisinsider  arianagrande  beyonce when your ass shutdown superbowl  with performance      2nd only .
 gamestrailerzer  gamingxaddict  verdict4489 yet you were foaming at the mouth over the thought of them being shutd .
skepta   shutdown.
 jacksonchadwic i actually dont think  willhurd is all that bad  voted to end the shutdown  wants the tax returns .
entergy corp   which owns the indian point energy center in buchanan that is scheduled to close within the next two .
city leaders have been denied access to that engineering report  they say they still don t know exactly what led to .
this is why i spent most of the day once i got home in shutdown  in a dark cool room with noise reducing headphones .
 johannaihli  cnn i m talking about the federal workers who just got out of a shutdown and are looking forward to a .
 sbbarclay  ferguson2811  thesnpmedia       civil disobedience   ignore so called  reserved powers .
power lines are down across hwy 86 where the tornado hit  this house has sustained major damage  hwy 86 is shutdown .
 deaconblues16 try being stuck in a plane at orlando for the last three hours like i have  the whole airport is on shutdown.
 clubpenguin this is why club penguin shutdown .
shutdown.
 amockingbird  shelleyelwood  cheerful exgf  katgyrl yeah but then we d point out how everything they believe and o .
windows nt 4 0 startup and shutdown sounds   .
      civil disobedience   ignore so called  reserved powers    constrain anti scottish msm   cut oil .
 cryptoalaska  wnbolts  omaproud  gabrielmalor  donald j trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of musl .
 heavenlycontrol its more of a gray area imo both sides have people who take to far using the term but yes i do agr .
 bopinion we are a paycheck to paycheck nation   see what happened to families during govt shutdown  avg americans .
 etihadhelp boarding ey242 at lahore  pakistan and mismanagement is at its peak  people cutting into the lines and .
antes de whatsapp  lo ms avanzado para comunicarse en lnea era blackberry messenger  ahora tiene los das contado .
 bbm is shutting down in may .
 tomtsec this is a muslim invasion in europe  amp  north america  no gun s needed  only a bank account and a traitor to .
life returns to normal in kashmir valley aftershutdown  .
south american server   thats the one getting shutdown  didnt mean to put an s  didnt want any confusion with other servers .
 ideagov what is the financial impact the 1st hour or day  in a week  a month  the us has not fully recovered from the last trump shutdown .
engadget original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 neurorebel i m 18  i still meltdown occasionally  perhaps i m just not trying hard enough to hold it off  happens .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
if you need a shutdown press man corner  joejuan taylor is a top option  i wouldnt be surprised if hes gone on da .
who uses  intellijidea here    i ve installed it because i want to use it to learn  kotlin based on  udacity  kotlin .
im afraid my brains in shutdown mode .
 happnow slow going across benicia martinez bridge   several nb lanes on 680 shutdown after box truck fire catches .
pero shutdown na ako pag nahuli ako naglalaro pa rin hahaha.
 thomassherm  brendam29028258  reluctantactvst  rebel 14  fatcatredhat  owenhjohnson1  realdonaldtrump  aoc     you .
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on everyshutdown  .
 gregd180  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump what about the government shutdown  trump owned that.
how to delete the windows 10 paging file on every shutdown  techrepublic  .
tech is retired in order in the first  and the robbins posts another shutdown frame in t2  heart of the lineup due .
national parks face lasting damage long after government shutdown ends  thanks democrats   .
steps for safety  getting your boiler ready for a shutdown  mechanicalservices  .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
.
 kmutisi  hbaldwin they have invoked their own public order laws in the same way our govt did  may they quantify ho .
i live in the bay area  most progressive part of our nation  and many of my friends  amp  neighbors never heard of muel .
 craigsmiffy1  susan28253793  usajohnk  sds bryant  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump ended the shutdown while not caving to hostage tactics .
 acewg none of the dbs u namin is nowhere betta than 2 0  stop kidding ya self man   none of these dbs can shutdown .
shutdown corner  champ bailey  broncos .
end of 5th   shsu 3  a amp m cc 0      dunn notches her 6th k of the game and gets a shutdown inning       .
 an 11 year old girl could be deported because of a court error triggered by the government shutdown   laura and he .
 realdonaldtrump if you and  barr dare try and weaponize the  doj you will be removed from office very quickly   ev .
growing weary of tsa sidelining me for extra screening due to a  groin anomaly  each time i fly        my global entry  .
24 hours later  i still want to hear from barr and mueller about how the sco was shutdown and why   there are sever .
 senatorromney i like the second part of what you said      but mitt eased russian sanctions during trump shutdown  .
 bikemanstream  pratzstrike  russianvodka007 i agree this is a bit shady  however something that became apparent wh .
i find it funny that the most expensive services in america are the most common services to break  fail or shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump you re going to opine about the reasonableness of expenditures   really      you ve wasted more th .
fwiw  i suspect both byford  amp  cuomo know this  and i believe we re witnessing a low key power struggle between them .
 purpleandgold ebersol addressed this in the q amp a  basically  in ce s view  it started to take form in the weeks aft .
 amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat   los angeles times   .
do you think potus is enjoying his weekend         kinda like karma for his government shutdown at christmas time for m .
 realdonaldtrump government shutdown cost the us economy  11 billion   .
 thehumble 21  jalenramsey we need a shutdown corner  .
 bigleaguepol shutdown rash     triple ice and border patrol agents     deputize all border residents  shutdown the .
the igbos have made themselves a commodity in this nigeria  like it or not  went to the market yesterday  they had .
 z1battleroyale i red shutdown first lol.
 snorkel42 it just shutdown our last domino servers   feel your pain.
 ruxcytbl  lisastark351  curseofleinart  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump donald trumps solution is a wall rather t .
c est qui le mec qui passe commande en mme temps qu ils shutdown les bornes    .
work life balance is important  wrap up that coffee chat or shutdown that spreadsheet and head home for the weekend .
 realdonaldtrump just what have taxpayers spent on your follies   golf travel  phony invasions  travel for melania .
nobody in their right senses will quit on a relationship yaka survivor nguva ye internet shutdown.
 realdonaldtrump shutdown much .
4 hard financial lessons learned from the federal government shutdown  governmentshutdown  financialfreedom .
  they turned off my brain  going into shutdown mode     .
 luvmydogchewy many people don t feel those breaks  also there were incentives for companies to invest in their for .
 crosbysux i think sam steel is the next in line for the top center spot  he will learn from getzlaf and play under .
 ankitsr36337894  r    s   aijata2  moca goi putting money is no option  any money put in jetairways will only drag .
 for part or not working       this unit power on  but dont appear on computer setup  i use this unit 1 mount after .
finna b on shutdown again so tomorrow is yall last day too see me on the outs for a minnnn.
yuval harari  a distinction to whats really real is if the thing suffers  a building cannot suffer  pepsi cannot .
why didnt i make a dude who just flirts with girls left n right and gets shutdown every time  looking at all the beautiful alphagals.
 moo12152  benbbaldwin  bendixennfl  cmikesspinmove ya very true  i really thought vernon hargreaves was gonna be a .
what happened when good friday agreement collepes       1  government shutdown   2  brexit withdrawal   3  world war iii     goodfriday.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 onwithlogic i think you re onto something   but sessions is a hero in my book   thousands upon thousands of child .
zlatan ibile shutdown bovi man on fire  warri edition 2019  .
 dycy5239  adamparkhomenko  barackobama haha   he was trying to justify his govt shutdown .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump why isnt fox being shutdown   it is not a news station   isnt there a law against .
interesting design aspect of  mtgwar   there are no blue or white enchantments like pacifism  only bounce   oblivio .
i just hibernate it because it does that eventually without much resistance  but shutdown is this whole thing where .
 aison jnr baba see us for person wedding  balle namu  come marry this babe make we shutdown  abeg .
 kamalaharris that s right  trumpians say  we are  proud americans  when they can t even protect our national parks .
 quintondoswell2 you know the deal q  real shutdown in the slot nd outside.
 vincemendoza  shutdown.
imagine his staff obeys him and carries another shutdown  closes the border  sends immigrants to other cities etc   .
yes  criminal barr will soon attempt to shutdown sdny investigations unless dems start hearings to  impeachtrump .
 amishra77 lol  only 3 lac created as per cii survey which is mostly documented from e comm  amp  service based msmes  .
 msnbc  alivitali  ewarren is only candidate so far introduced policies that are good for progress agendas amp usa  sh .
rip my precious bbm  .
 farhip sorry  but instant polls like this one often have bad samples  let s wait until next week when a number of .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  engadget.
 edgomex  applesupport i have absolutely same problem with my macbook pro 13 2016  apple should hear about it  plea .
 ndunguwainaina jamaica na bangi zao are not boarding  while kenyans are streaming in for registration after being .
 illespal  cryptobacon  hashfunk why would it be overtaken i dont see this  if something is potentially illegal it .
 rev b wayne  thehill  repraskin  hilltvlive then in his budget before the shutdown they gave him everything he pro .
 elienyc  thebeatwithari i really believe whitaker started the mueller shut down before he could get to the trump k .
different news clips  theres too much of team trumps planned chaos to keep up with everything        pelosi ref was f .
 beyonce shutdown the world last year at  beychella  amp  now the homecoming documentary is available on  netflix  the .
wait   bbm is still around    blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 skynews  zoroastriannews  survival is all about  shutdown of below crust pressure  extraction   climateprogress  i .
to stay with the only cellular service ive had  folks couldnt understand why when there were so many other choice .
 nbcnews love the idea  tie up the government with trivial things and forget the shutdown coming up  no budget    2020 being played out now .
when the rink is closed  you gotta go do something else  enjoy the pictures from the rocket skate staff and alumni .
 illespal  cryptobacon  hashfunk maybe  maybe not  economics  competition means if one miner gets shutdown another .
stocks rise as the government shutdown  temporarily  ends     adaptiveleadership.
thinking of buying in a golfcommunity  .
 mattcyborgelt  socalsafety1st it could have been an in flight shutdown  ifsd  on one engine or both but the aircra .
jon gruden s power play continues in his shutting out of raiders scouts over trust issues  f .
ha ha  the bbc always runs the uk down  it hates the british people  bbc will destroy the uk unless it is shutdown .
for people who follow me but dont follow h1 z1  anymore       season 3 ends tues 4 30    sa servers getting shutdown 4 .
 automatic crs eliminate the one penalty that can force compromise over appropriations bills  the threat that one p .
 jwheels74  realdonaldtrump fun fact  the only reason the rotors are stopped in full shutdown of marine one when it .
shut down tonight  me and my team  zic believe me in no time we go shutdown the whole world   sapade  ogun  hustle .
 gatorinvestor  markbspiegel when do they shutdown their solar cell branch .
hey  so ive just recently shutdown my old website in favor for a much more cleaner one  the old site was built wit .
 holdavision  deanobeidallah  realdonaldtrump i support an economic boycott now and shutdown   taking to the street .
 sustainablemags  lrobertsonmiami i m talking the macarthur drawbridges at downtown and alton replaced 1995 97  tha .
gulfstream g iv full flight engine start to shutdown kfxe kpbi   pilot v     via  youtube.
 mtamaryland camden line officially shutdown  fatalory outside of muirkirk  gonna be a long wait to get home  fml .
and if you want to come a shutdown the whole ball  you can even do up squad goals and wear matching attire .
zlatan ibile shutdown bovi man on fire  warri edition 2019  .
 cherry95687 oh  it was kojiden  yeah  i booted him from bmt like two years before the shutdown .
 ramprasad c journal already know  rahulgandhi incompetence  amp  low iq stupid      to watch his interview  channel sh .
this whole stop  amp  shop workers strike  shutdown has everyone fighting to the death for food at wegmans this week.
 jhusain  atosbik  youtube hey guys  i took some time to see this but here is a copy of it  sorry for the inconveni .
guess y all know what time is it    and we re keeping it real this  easter     its a shutdown something      catch me p .
 statehousekenya if we comply to huduma  we don t need census since there s a shutdown in network for those ain t c .
me        absolutely no one       me        drake  mans neva been in marquee when its shutdown yea    truuuusss me daddi.
at the  feedingamerica annual conference  19 food banks received a special  brand new living our values award for t .
 jetairways shutdown ur services  hurt me    flying with ur team was truly great experience  .
 jentaub  devincow yes   barr shutdown the investigation as soon as he was confirmed   barr has done exactly what h .
leaving the  twitter and  facebook accounts of supporters  amp  members of  iran s irgc  enables them to spread their f .
 rev b wayne  thehill  repraskin  hilltvlive first there was a government shutdown   they have passed some legislat .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actu     googlealerts.
wow  im officially an employee of the f deral g vt whew        let there be another shutdown  im fighting someone this time .
 barstoolsports  starting9 .
 thedailybeast like he has any credibility   daddy paid to get him out of trouble when he was young  heavy associat .
i also remember other things i have done in jailbreak community  like shutdown bya several times  accidentally kill .
 sylvesterturner i kinda don t want to see a city wide government shutdown at the end of june 2019  please work wit .
 kubuntu  kubuntu 18 04 lts wont shutdown  blackscreen  .
diddums   gt    extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  shutdo .
 thhollister  tyehimbajahsi  truthhouseprods  brasilmagic  mesaare  sscrmp they do that anyway  why do think everyo .
kiedy w polsce ludzie bd mwi tak oczywiste rzeczy    extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  przez  youtube.
 bigkevstl1959  designationsix honestly i wish twitter would just shutdown.
 gopleader congressman mccarthy  is there anything you can to in regards to the so called shutdown of oil refinerie .
great example of the db staying square and getting hands on  route shutdown .
 frcdc  rep hunter congressman hunter  is there anything you can to in regards to the so called shutdown of oil ref .
also  speaker pelosi was successful in forcing  realdonaldtrump to end his own manufactured government shutdown  .
justin trudeau was auditioning and practicing in demagoguery years ago  funny to hear him say he believes in the ru .
i m only on twitter now because of miiverse s shutdown btw.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
and when they started the fake jill stein recount in michigan  many of the opened boxes were short of what they sho .
 chsommers  fedsoc the concept of human beings using fake tears distress as a strategy to control situations is ver .
 jonspokerwriter  joeingram1  bp22 rio would shut them down   someone was doing runs for coffee last year  i believ .
fellas  apparently      ibekachikwu just realized that our refineries needs to be completely shutdown and refurbish .
 fox5dc this  amp  dream market shutdown why the streets dry now.
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
weather warning  madison county authorities warning drivers that the roadways are very dangerous after the rain  du .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
keep encountering a nasty bug where fl studio on mac causes my entire computer to shutdown  the cpu usage in fl tri .
shutdown heute mit einem tilman s biere brown ale  mir persnlich zu aromahopfig  brauch i nimma  prost  .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
 jesse finlay their facebook says they got shutdown .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
laredo  tx mayor pete saenz discusses the potential impact of a u s  mexico border shutdown        listen to the full c .
 actualaero at least one more game style  some new backgrounds and enemies  i also wish they add some miiverse repl .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
another reason to shutdown the epa    cozy relationship between the epa  amp  monsanto revealed during third roundup canc .
owner of mardi gras casino files suit over shutdown of sports betting app .
 mcfunkypants game is running mostly throughout the entire day  with no shutdown  as any c   code changes are compi .
 jungushikenp5 mementos  that stupid place filled with assholes not bad enough to get a proper palace  but twisted .
man arrested  spa shut down in human trafficking investigation   ottnews  ottawa .
 ddale8 limbaugh skipped out on his show for a super secret meeting according to m  steyn  obviously not so secret  .
blackberry wants to rescue users of the doomed bbm messaging service by giving them access to its corporate product .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
 stonebwoyb      bhim man ah support unu tin since day one man just ah beg fi a single autograph pon in shirt an .
emergency water repair     the water will be off in the following locations due to an emergency mainline repair  view .
second time i ve force shutdown my laptop in two nights.
   slow down  slow down    shut down  shut down     shutdown the lonely before you drown     .
 lindathomas102  ballybunionbog of course she wants to shutdown i c e   she wants to open the floodgates  let her m .
account got shutdown  long story  heres my new twitter .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app .
end of an era  thanks for the memories  bbm  .
 neurorebel when i m alone  or with people i do not trust  more shutdown  but in safe spaces still meltdowns     i ha .
 wedonopeneyes  grassrootsdnc or was it because trump wanted to see and investigation into a crime he didn t commit shutdown .
 shutdown a joint venture between  qualcomm and chinese government will be closed soon this month  what are the o .
news  frank oconnor has shutdown the battle royale rumor   we are not doing any of this now   no plans to     fo .
          dhanam .
 cnnpolitics  cnnnewsroom yah theyre not remember the government shutdown and how it effected millions of american .
 barackobama  senschumer  cnnpolitics  msnbc  maddow  acosta  speakerpelosi  comey  donaldjtrumpjr  repadamschiff .
rip   blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
im salty at everyone going on vacations when i basically owe my job my life thanks to the govt shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump    820contd    countdown564       shutdown   good    lessgovernment      big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
 jalenramsey hasn t missed a damn game his entire nfl career has shutdown the best of the best wrs in the nfl and t .
 complexminded one of the huge issues ive seen atm is servers are just ugh  gt  lt  don t know why but imo shutdown some .
gov shutdown means hotel boom  sexy hotels and cocktails  .
 roblox  eggtuallyrbx last time i just collect all letters then server got shutdown disconnect server        thanks .
shut it down and watch business thrive  .
casino operator suing over shutdown of sports betting app .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app   the washington post .
 djchocolatemlk  charlesadler bull  km was not walking away from a billion   investment  stop smoking weed   amp  it no .
 nidkirm quite the nerve of ik to criticize the  tone  of a peaceful movement when he used to abuse his opponents  .
brookhaven alert       wires down at hampton hall dr hallcrest dr  road will be shutdown until further notice .
some of you have heard that emtek has decided to shutdown bbm consumer side    most of you will laugh  but the the .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app   san francisco chronicle  .
 bloody charlatans .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men   i think .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
u s  doles out millions during shutdown    vulnerable costa rican youth     aids in mozambique .
 michael youhana that sounds like a bad political strategy to me  whats the end goal and demands  trump able to sh .
 berniesanders yeah shutdown all greedy medical insurance company like  aboutkp  uhc   blueshieldca    anthembcbs .
how do ordinary people manage during an internet shutdown  for some  a sudden loss of internet access can throw the .
tonight pull up    shutdown kingz      easter weekend  presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky frid .
 in pubs followed  i m back trying to regain my nearly 3k followers that i lost when my acct was shutdown with no w .
shutdown lang because i m not going to start again .
 metpoliceevents  metpoliceuk how is what they are doing not classed as terrorism  they tried to shutdown heathrow  .
 txsmatt  erictrump  cnn this wall that is proposed to be built  on our taxpayer money  which was supposed to be pa .
 hidden tallent thats true but believe it or not crabtree  amp  brown are losses who havent been replaced  but yeah t .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify    .
 tjsilentnomore those early signs  tj  those early signs   stonewalling is common  the complete shutdown of mature  .
 johnpeate5  scribulatora so  no doctors or nurses       sounds like fine decisions will be made       is there a way we ca .
 lawrence but it s a fact it helped clinton s approval ratings  and a fact we re headed into an election year       the .
facing internet restrictions  journalists turn to vpns  but doesn t help central anecdote of .
its a total shutdown on 22nd of april at aquatic hotel  ikeja  lagos  as  easterbbqfestlagos is shutting down the .
   oh look michigan s new governor  govwhitmer wants to hurt the state s economy.
 historyteachera  rickpetree employees    i grew up in dc  amp  my dad worked for nasa  amp  faa for years so i already res .
 putnamprogress  reprashida trouble with that scenario trump is causing global problems as well as being for rich p .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
fyi   for my friends and family in michigan  .
   cbssports  can you explain the circumstances leading up to  aaf bankruptcy        charlieebersol  beats me  thought .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump if he is going to keep trying  brainwash americans that he s better than president o .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 ayledgend you is a shutdown.
cant sleep  bakit ba ayaw mag shutdown ng utak ko  ang daming iniisip .
backpage is gone  but a more graphic version is again fueling prostitution  maybe legalizati .
natapos ang buhay ni freya sa isang simpleng shutdown.
 amazon  plans to  shutdown  china  marketplace in  rare  retreat   amazonwebservices.
imusicmarketer   out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify .
 nicolejchi  skirchy  beckyvevea i cant blame them for feeling used when they see the lengths at which the dem lea .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app .
all   immigration should be  shutdown  invadersout before  newimmigrationpolicies and  lawstoprevent this situation .
 cnn  scottjenningsky  cnnopinion when do you guys plan to shutdown completely  thats the best thing for this coun .
 clubpenguin why did you had shutdown to club penguin .
i was told to write him which i did  he never answered me  he had the balls to say that during the shutdown he took .
 leoniabatlan  transitcenter  humantransit  rosscatrow  nyctbus the l train shutdown .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 phineasfrogg im pretty sure that advice is part of why i shutdown so easily  effectively  and completely without .
 alishagrauso  smashtraves ever tried to figure out the line combinations for the ducks  who plays defence anyway  .
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat .
a legends fade out  .
i can tell you who isn t  my two worthless american traitor senators      lindseygrahamsc     senatortimscott    ffs   th .
 demander9  diemand9 .
 irvgirl me  weve walked 8 miles in the sun today plus the 7 miles i did on the treadmill yesterday  ive shutdown .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
ha   you just can t make this stuff up   congressman  rashidatlaib calls for all americans to go on a hunger strike .
 michaelbennet congrats    looking forward for your 2020 run   i admire your senate talk back when the government s .
dam  i just got paid from the government for playing army finally   the shutdown s fault  and i got paid for taxes  .
click bait shit  euston been advising of the shutdown this easter since january    it s not a shock ffs   .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
 bookwormbaby25 shutdown dean is kind of terrifying  even when hes only halfway shutdown .
.
amazon plans to shutdown china marketplace in rare retreat .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
the l train slowdown begins in a weekheres what we do  and dont  know about the project .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
wajahat shabir srinagar  normal life resumed across kashmir on friday after a day long strike the preceding day on .
normalcy returns to kashmir after ls election shutdown .
 sanesophisticat  wildweezle  bea kindal  media auntie  3guylink  nasty woman1  dinasas69  taggartrehnn .
a casino operator is suing a tech company after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betting platform at two wes .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 missmercury2120  kamalaharris yes  congress really stepped up to the plate to protect the national parks from dest .
owner of mardi gras casino files suit over shutdown of sports betting app .
 envirolizh  chefprimeval im sorry elizabeth  we spark shutdown december 30th  2018  however chef prime is killing .
.
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines south of reagan national airport .
 beadragonne  larry author  kamalaharris yes  congress really stepped up to the plate to protect the national parks .
the l train not quite a shutdown begins in one week  and there are still a lot of unanswered questionswhich weve .
so comrade talib is calling for people to join her in a hunger strike to shutdown ice  if we convince all her suppo .
rt curbedny  the l train not quite a shutdown begins in one week  and there are still a lot of unanswered questions .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
for america  i wont have time for golf  he has lied since day one and continues the lies today   he is a dictator .
 kamalaharris yes  congress really stepped up to the plate to protect the national parks from destruction during th .
the l train not quite a shutdown begins in one week  and there are still a lot of unanswered questionswhich weve .
 wildweezle  bandieranancy  3guylink  oprman  media auntie  nasty woman1  sanesophisticat  dinasas69  taggartrehnn .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 polygonalpizza man reading this reminded me that joe and dante had a special interaction in mvc3  since dante was .
really  i remember being inside the walter reed national military medical center when barack obama was potus  nobod .
another shutdown with my nigga  diamond boy  faniicko at the  mtnfreshconcert parakou we haven t even started at al .
 robchristie11  pjmedia com yeah the hunger strike is lame  but a sitting congresswoman advocating for citizens to .
pour one out for bbm  as blackberry messenger for consumers is shutting down for good on may 31st  .
 suleikhasnyder favorite romance novel in each genre  per author  each trope  i mean  some of these are also imposs .
 neurorebel definitely shutdown in both childhood and adulthood   its like a blanket being put over my brain .
im sick  amp  tired of dem leadership telling us they know best when the rt have played them for yrs  amp  always outmaneu .
best rubbish player on ipl 2019  if i owner  team management of  kkr   i must shutdown  robin uthappa  nonsense  ru .
this reminds me of the  vergecast interview  reckless did with  bradsmi back in august 2018  back then i thought br .
the owner of mardi gras casino in nitro is suing a tech company after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betti .
 aaronboonerants  dom 2k this is bad  this brings more attention to why ratings are down and r nbastreams could eas .
   via .
because its free doesnt mean you dont treat it with respect  dont be one of those  jerks during the government .
slick roads  parts of us 74 is shutdown after a big rig overturned near bethlehem rd in cleveland county  driver is .
delaware north is suing miomni gaming after a contract dispute shuttered its sports betting platform at two west vi .
 sardanarohit ek chota sa idol bhi apne sath rakhlo aur namo ki pic bhi  lighter bhi allow karenge for aarti jab na .
 zomato  swiggy  ubereats  foodpanda    zomato please shutdown your operations at night if you are not capable enough .
heathrow protest  extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to s .
they are here to break the language barrier and they are doing an amazing job at it so far  .
in the news  small businesses still reel from the shutdown  zoholics wows austin crowd  .
 damocleansword  speakerpelosi poor nancy  her electoral mandate has been overshadowed by trump s govt shutdown non .
perfectly stated  people are drawn to perceived strength  not to serial weakness  pelosi was never more popular tha .
 saucydanielle  choi aj  davepilotsharks  jessegranger   badideabeth  tmobilearena  sapcenter nobody is saying that .
 tlindlahr my car only shutdown on me at year 5 and required towed  no big deal  love it .
casino company suing over shutdown of sports betting app  from  ap  .
 raqldeleon  whoisciv  alandersh you are entitled to your opinion as it is a constitutionally protected right under .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 jakenbake59  nationpenguins yup  rutherford commented yesterday he liked something along the lines of one puck mov .
just waiting for my phone to shutdown and will surely go back trying to sleep.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
how much is your outfit  south africa shutdown   via  youtube .
 imjungshook  shutdown k yeyeyeye .
  ddotdc should keep fl ave shutdown to cars indefinitely   bikedc .
.
 jetairways  vinaydube  jetairwaysshutdown    can someone stand and walk over to marketing or it guys and inform them .
numbness is a feeling      shutdown is a feeling      not wanting to deal with your feelings is a feeling       hating feelings .
 ross mcmillan  jkenney the  canrevagency is going to shutdown your charity scam  amp  collect hundreds of millions in .
 angrierwhstaff  cherkalleck ive supported  mueller  amp  his team from day 1  amp  continue to do so  they did a phenomen .
 thameswater not happy easter if living in south woodford snaresbrook  owing to road shutdown by your team creating .
 kimdiane11  jeffreestar i was a federal government employee who was affected by the shutdown in january  i had som .
rahulji  respected my president please see the matter for  recent incidenten of shutdown of private airways for ref .
jonga      twitter must be shutdown now  angeke .
 mag4 ame so you don t want them employ jet airways staff  since it s a temporary shutdown  .
 repost bigbrodasrecords            repost  tizzyhola  get repost       ararararaaaaa   catch me live at the new a .
 repost bigbrodasrecords            repost  tizzyhola  get repost       ararararaaaaa   catch me live at the new a .
 shutdown 21 iyaa  culik aku tolong   .
i noticed the same a few times at the ninth circuit  i hope it was in or a little after the shutdown .
take a nap she says tuh that shit be so dead for me   i be wanting to but my body wont ever shutdown legit gotta d .
 hoarsewisperer this is absolutely true       it s also true that when they encounter people who respond firmly and non .
as the steelers have proven  cornerback is one of the highest bust rate positions in the league  in part because of .
 rzstprogramming  markgeragos id love to know what  shutdown  he is referring to   they were not all shut down at o .
 cbzholdings a big  bank like yours lacks pr especially with the on going upgrade first   the timing is bad because .
 mhowe1980 thats the same people who knocked over a giant cactus 3 second into the government shutdown  self regulate  .
 terrorjester  thehill  hilltvlive negotiations  he wont budge unless he got his wall  he was the one throwing the .
 skynews didn t she fly early from new york to heathrow to avoid the possible shutdown .
 jamesit86785189 us emb shutdown based on anr warning  drc gov has major interest to magnify threat  no verifiable .
 g no government shutdown and then it still happen and when it happen those who were still saying there would be no .
 iam davido  thekayafest shutdown .
america is broken  they are just one government shutdown away from not being a first world country  amazon doesn t .
id sleep charging rein    surrounded by our team  alone    no one could kill him  shutdown ulting genji with a sle .
 senmarkey  realdonaldtrump  senatemajldr hawaii  new york  california and other states that believe this garbage  .
.
 smithuboho we wanted to shutdown 1xbet.
 cryptolottery3 this is a hard one to answer  on one hand i wonder who started the movement and it would shutdown a .
iranians on social media are calling on all platforms  including twitter  to suspend  amp  shutdown accounts associated .
 chrisri80029765  aoc  rashidatlaib i m not a jerk  i just believe you should prosecute people based on sanity  you .
 shutdown 21 gara  kerjaan juga   suntuk  pengen liburan akutuh.
 exelongen you need to shutdown nuclear power plants and build plants that use clean pennsylvania s natural gas  much cheaper than nuclear .
how about we ban all political advertising on the internet   a total and complete shutdown until our country s repr .
 gop  kellyannepolls  trump  wanna shutdown future bogus investigations     billtheinvestigators  30 million  all o .
 eli adj  lucianoklos  footballitalia i know what  amp  where curva nord is        but you cant shouldnt punish everyone be .
 dodgerblue1958 he will be r shutdown bullpen x factor this year.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled  .
grenade found  hilo transfer station temporarily shutdown thursday  april18  .
 rich4theskies we are no where close to the change we deserve  we nigerians aint tired of whats happening yet  wh .
 jysexton  cartermdsusan the investigation ended abruptly  no way in hell it wasnt shutdown by barr  .
 fenstermakerd the shutdown was from 12 22 to 1 25  so q2 will be the rebound .
a great talk by dr dana aljaafari  aljaafaridanah   presented today at epilepsy shutdown meeting  neurology .
 ingressmosaik do you have a contact form after the shutdown of google  .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
       .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
  teezy28 its stuff to do in montgomery  everything just get shutdown because we dont know how to act  amp  take care of things.
semi vs car accident causes partial shutdown on i 71 south .
 shutdown 21 kayanya aku emng butuh  treat khusus    .
 rednationrising hunger strike to shutdown ice  ice should get a discount at chick a fila .
charlie ebersol tells his side of the story through  benkercheval at  cbssports  this is a very interesting read ab .
can emergency shutdown be in xindicta .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
           50.
us 1 shutdown  i should have already been in tampa by now on vacay.
 saxmachine11  frntofficesport so we finally have something on record from ebersol  now whether this is accurate or .
3 where s his tax returns    u done ur taxes  i had to pay a couple grad more       4 he shutdown the goverment cuz .
 proudgenzciswh1  mbprdc  nickmon1112  nwinfield those accounts dont exist  this is the weakest attempt to push so .
so wait  hunger strike from mn rep to shutdown ice     delusions people  oust her from the house .
wait   people still use blackberry  .
hes talking but not really saying much   aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the leagues shutdown     .
why is hefford commentating  she  amp  the cwhl gave up their seat at the table when they chose to shutdown .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming   9to5mac .
 realdonaldtrump    tom fitton   trump should have shutdown the mueller they knew they had no collusion    instead he l .
         w .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
slowly but surely  it feels like trumps armor is chipping away       1  losing the house in 2018   2  blamed for governm .
 chriscaple not planned as a shutdown  but heres an action thats happening saturday  .
heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
hr       .
 umehoma it seems like they have shutdown already before announcing .
     reprashida  rashida tlaib calls for a hunger strike to shutdown ice      this is your new  democraticparty       she is .
taehyung   windows shutdown noises  .
          .
senator mcconnell  a tobacco ally  supports raising age to buycigarettes .
 thehill nearly 100 days into nancy pelosis second tenure as house speaker  shes ticked off several top legislati .
 crypto bobby what did he prove  only his shutdown is pumping  guess who holds more than 50  of the supply  yes cz  .
1800 2100 shutdown  sign out now  come chill with us at black swan or do uber if you have bills on the mind  either .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
help  where can i find log files for dbfs on 12c  trying to identify hung process with dbfs preventing clean shutdo .
 sport aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 shutdown 21 resiko tanggung jawab masing2 kan  ga suka tgal unfol nder  semangat.
its  goodfriday  stockmarket is closed  wallstreet is shutdown but  bitcoin moving nice     whoissatoshinakamoto.
slide into spring with a new liner for your rotary drum  order now for summer shutdown   .
 craigc6269  bbwave2020  arlene8022  brithume over 4000 lawsuits for cheating vendors  for which trump settled most .
pretty sure the 35 day government shutdown by the president over his vanity border wall is enough to impeach  tbh.
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
 charliecroom  kpk it wasn t a problem until google inbox shutdown  similar to you i only use a couple widgets  ca .
have you ever shut down your plant for  preventativemaintenance  learn the crucial long term impact in  rasmechs b .
conditions vary with each economic cycle  but the government shutdown and other economic sectors are already af     .
i need to look at the gov shutdown  amp  wall shit my gawd can these politicians drop dead already .
 shutdown 21 sabar bosq.
plattsmouth water plant remains shutdown due to flooding  kmanews .
kerasa sedih pas tau kalau bbm akan di shutdown  see u in future  thx for everything .
 macii23  thehill  repjerrynadler how much money has the trump family cost taxpayers   trips  breaking the secret s .
 youtube      no more ads  uber  shutdown foreclose wish thought you were driverless not peoples driving g at a  fa .
thursday   brewers shutdown athome .
 mlpeterso  aoc  rashidatlaib you really are a jerk    how quick to forget the shutdown and all the harm done to mi .
 greasefactory16  garygmpunk lmao thanks i didnt knew about it too  i mean thats kinda dumb  he couldve just shu .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump wrong again nancy    this is getting a bit repetitive    btw  still waiting for you .
 magi jay  jackjonesbabe remember during the shutdown when those same people thought she was going to blow it and t .
happy good friday fams amp fans  ararararaaaaa   catch me live at the new africa shrine ikeja on saturday cc .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
jet airways shutdown raises doubts on role of sbi  govt .
 timesofindia  narendramodi but who killed golden goose   5 5 crore jobs lost   over 2 millions smes shutdown  farm .
 bn9weather it always feels haunting to see nobody on the bridge every time its shutdown.
 gk1972  dbongino and tlaib  calling for shutdown of ice .
aaf ceo charlie ebersol opens up about the league s shutdown  financial problems and who was actually misled .
liba originally came out hard against the paint changes that made biking safer on 13th st  they produced an  anonym .
 muneebawajid1 plant shutdown hoga to maintenance ki planning krni.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  engadget.
dont miss out on the ultimate weekend shutdown    get your tickets now by clicking  and .
 sparkywpg there was no excuse not to have the lowry on the ice in that situation     putting connor scheif and whe .
 peter grinspoon would it need to be a cause of the overdose  and would it include alcohol and nicotine   tylenol  .
 spicyfiiesredux  frankfigliuzzi1 one of the many key question congress should ask barr and anyone from muellers t .
really wanna go food fiesta tmr but my body just shutdown on me  like legit im dead tired .
big shout to  spotifyuk for having my new single  so fun  in their grime shutdown playlist  big tunes in here  .
imusicmarketer   out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify .
 mojahedineng  mehrabyazdanian people s mojahedin organization of iran  pmoi mek   mojahedineng .
 wendyfiore you re acting as if a man with a fake university and a shutdown charity can t be trusted   .
the 35 day shutdown that started december 2018 and ended january this year underscored the precarious position of g .
buka laptop  connect wifi  tunggu rekapan laporan tim sebelah  makan  war moba  habis batere  charge hp  liat lapto .
the rising of shield hero is really fun  if you re wondering why i m here then  my laptop is on a thermal shutdown .
 blackberry  messenger to  shutdown in may    bbm    13yrs    1aug2005      .
today s tech news  blackberry messenger shutdown on may 31st a reflect    .
the border wall     government shutdown     the real truth about the wal     via  youtube.
 shutdown kj .
new  aaf  i recently sat down with charlie ebersol to talk about what went wrong with the start up league  our q amp a .
what a joke  if you cant afford a third coach without private funds   just shutdown your entire program you cheap a .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
when our government is at peace  and constitution meddlers have been put away  and the threat of socialism has been .
 sbnation shutdown fullback              .
air india  spicejet to lease jet airways  flights after its temporary shutdown  .
iranians on social media are calling on all platforms  including twitter  to suspend  amp  shutdown accounts associated .
my dawg  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
we need to shutdown this app  .
a pity the cops have moved in to shutdown  extinctionrebellions oxford street gathering  such a brilliant climate .
 hernangomezb pues date shutdown .
psa  blue and yellow line metro shutdown coming this summer  click here for more info from  nbcwashington about the .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 shutdown 21 capek fisik iya  capek hati iya juga .
 swiggycares shutdown service in pondicherry  you suck big time   swiggy in.
 sekusa1 this is happening because of spineless state leaders that want to be politically correct at the expense of .
 emmagf  katie honan please andy was gone when cuomo annihilated the l shutdown      the first moment something bad or .
gua lebih sedih pas club penguin di shutdown dr pada pas bbm di shutdown .
 thebanquetbeer  cnnbrk  aoc also they lost 35 days during the government shutdown.
 shutdown 21 iyaa ini mau istirahat.
 ksiolajidebt u love an appearance on grime shutdown hey  .
20 years  amp  these numbers r gob smacking  its getting worse every year  mental health is obviously not improving  w .
 andrew rotondi the lineup getting shutdown by d rated starters is by far the most frustrating part this year  and .
 macklady  trudiuni  thehill its within the powers of the congress  there is ample evidence that crimes were commi .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget .
 1776stonewall i would rather  rashidatlaib threaten to jump off the rim of the grand canyon if ice isnt shutdown .
mueller report  donald trump administration presses ahead with alaskan drilling plan despite shutdown .
still wondering  was the anc  as it seems  behind the  alexshutdown   .
 nycsouthpaw good catch  i think there s do doubt that there was much still to learn by the team but that mueller w .
 redpainter1 unless they are shutdown by the ag.
 .
blackberry messenger is shutting down inmay .
 boatsnhoagz  acosta his constant lying has undermined the office  ruined our standing in the international communi .
 ger1888lundie on days mate  ano got to take the money when its there but  you on the shutdown aye.
 neurorebel almost always a shutdown  as a kid    both .
sik lamak shutdown gik kaktok.
 footnoted after the shutdown they need to extra working days.
 bigr81  oann got it  new way to try shutdown someone     bravo  again am a smelly walmart deplorable   maga 2020.
 donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states    donald trump .
beach drive rehabilitation  shutdown entering final phase  .
 chuckdevore  jamesquinterotx what will be the argument  because is a christian business they have the right to dis .
expectations for first quarter growth have suddenly surged past 2    growth perked up late in the first quarter  to w .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 cxltheclownshow  cherijacobus  billkristol speaking of murdoch     does anyone know why he was meeting in .
4 it goes on and on      the cruelty towards immigrants      the incompetent and scandal ridden cabinet      the war against sc .
now a weather shutdown   takeontigris might now happen today for my kids  theyre still in line  i dont have the h .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 reaganworld let her do it and then dont shutdown ice  call her stupid bluff .
allaaaa yun na nga yung hinihintay kong scene tapos gavva pina shutdown ni maka laptop .
 thehill quit spending money on trump investigations  get over it  he is president  are you working on 2020 budget  .
 shutdown 21 aku gapapa kok.
intermicro bindows startup and shutdown sounds .
massage parlor shutdown  state prosecutors say chinese employees in huntsville  madison and decatur were being forc .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 shutdown 21 hehehehehe.
 homemadeguitars i like what young people are doing  but i think actual disruption is needed  the government shutdo .
rip  blackberry messenger is shutting down next month   9to5mac   .
jet airways shutdown leaves 16 500 unemployed  netizens tweet heart warming memories of the airline    jetairwaysshut .
holiday  friday  shutdown  pero iniistress parin ako ni work    amp     .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
 jaynl4 i know if they call a warning i have to shutdown the store pull everyone to the walk in freezer here comes the rain.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
cara menghubungi hacker russia untuk diajak chating    pencet windows r   lalu ketik cmd  lalu ketik berikut lalu ent .
 edkrassen  repadamschiff they can try and impeach trump  it will be seen as more of the same   political hit job  .
 neurorebel i only ever have a shutdown after a meltdown  i cannot internalize a meltdown  and im puzzled what tha .
 cocoaswann i was working on the hill by then  and the entire complex went into shutdown  we were all staring at the tv in shock  .
 shutdown 21 gapapa ehe.
 shutdown is available at  maiwynfineart in  denver  it is in the spring show at mai wyn  openingtonight 744 santa .
when t i  sends the police to shutdown your show    .
cuomo is profiting    you re telling me he inspected the l train tunnels and all of a sudden decided reverting the .
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down     yes  failure happens in private sector too.
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 gallup finds a post 2018 decline in us economic  confidence   even without the  temporary   shutdown effect  .
baru seminggu mode shutdown .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 alec holbeck  aoc but if we want to get technical       his district has 4 coal mines that are just shutdown       where a .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
mccarthy equates trump going to iraq to pelosi going to hawaii during government shutdown  hawaii  a state that mcc .
.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 fooga  sounds like thermal throttling shutdown or power issues  do you have any sort of monitoring software to wat .
click   gt   abolishcps .
also  as i am working on several stories about the upcoming l train not a shutdown  i have to echo what other folks .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   blackberry  blackberrymessenger  end.
friends call me a  workaholic and i cant  shutdown  but i run my own  business    so whats the problem   gotbills .
bbm to shutdown permanently .
bbm to shutdown permanently  via  naijalog pls rt.
bradford im coming to shutdown the village tonight .
 crystalbrooke81  djtzulu  winterdays6 lol   2 years of trump lying  covering up   amp  trying to shutdown the investigat .
the problem with this spirit in all man is that most of us lost it along the line at every moment when we tried to .
have you ever shut down your plant for preventative maintenance  learn the crucial long term impact  .
columbus news blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
after  jetairways shutdown  22000 employees  jobs hangs in balance  no salaries  feeling betrayed and left out by g .
 now playing  shutdown festival mix    good music only on  theshutdowndrive with  joemann4life on  massivmetro  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 gakzak  scottwalker  realdonaldtrump then spell it correctly the first time  the report clearly states that trump .
  garymasonglobe  plans include  scrapping the 100 megatonne  mt  cap on oil sands emissions and stopping the regul .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
how did the government shutdown affect the retirement enhancement and savings act  resa  and other retirement legis .
 gt believing companies don t issue unjustified bans    gt believing servers getting shutdown is temporary and game compani .
 hersheypark  eriknansen it seems like a lot of rides are shutdown.
why is pulwama district always subjected to frequent unnecessary internet shutdown    better is to ban it once for all    syedabidshah.
 joe22dcnation  dallascowboys i was so excited when they got morris   truthfully  i never heard of morris before he .
 alexander ghiel kekeh yok    shutdown alias padam    inaelectionobserverssos.
the investigation should have been shutdown after they concluded no conspiracy and volume 2 of the mueller report i .
 dbongino ask hrc and wild willie how much      they made  ops  strangely enough mueller involved in that transacti .
byford s departure over cuomo s inept leadership  amp  approach to the l train shutdown would really be the  of cuo .
 rgodlewicz i just went the best twitter hole because of this account  it is a travesty that it is being shutdown .
  blackberry messenger is shutting down in mayengadget   rip blackberry messenger  as we know it gizmodo   blac .
the irony is  tourism was sold as replacement to the shutdown timber industry  even though this was clearly untrue .
 neurorebel i have more shuts than melts but to my knowledge ive never had a total shutdown  ive only ever had a .
  gregmcneilly writes   gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government this year if republican .
 meganntaylorr21  anonopinion411  pinkypalmxo oh ok  i knew they shut down the first one  didnt know they shutdown .
 djtzulu  crystalbrooke81  winterdays6 obama was never investigated and clinton never tried to shutdown the investi .
 heyitscarolyn that bullshit needs to be shutdown .
 uraverageorange  dodgersnation eh  we need a shutdown pitcher in the pen.
 camilluddington it s actually not about depression   it s a complete mental shutdown   not everyone who is depress .
 bstategames everyone stop freaking out  if you are doing a pmc run and timer goes to 4 5 minutes for server shutdo .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  speakerpelosi  repmarkmeadows  gopleader  senatemajldr .
asking tough questions as a  cbschicago  morninginsider    why are popular  campsites at   kankakeeriverstatepark shu .
 netsdaily felt like the only players who had any energy at all during this game was russell and levert  everyone else shutdown completely.
 yourprecioustar matiin lampu sama hape  shutdown.
so why is  lyramckee account suddenly shutdown and her tweets articles and work hidden  while  cnni is using her fa .
 adukaadlisyah  najibrazak baru aku tau mark zuckerberg tu orang ph  fb tu ph punya ye dik bleh suka2 shutdown .
cowboys  demarcus lawrence has funny reply to notion eli manning has  plenty left   fuente  shutdown corner  nflesp.
 nancy  mp  brettmendoza i ve been in countless kettles by the police while all fans are being completely peaceful  .
 blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   oh have the mighty have fallen   joannastern should have a small me .
timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network    apna time aagaya  .
 flashfotography  drjaydrno they swear it doesnt work that way  theyre not really price gouging every long weeken .
 foxnewspolitics dem s game is over  all they do cause problems with their lies  almost 3 years russia collusion ob .
 geekgirlden  ericswalwell  nra  oliverlnorth and across the nation a bunch of schools are shutdown so teachers can .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may            did anyone still use this .
 carverhighcbs i can see a situation where pulock takes another step and adds more offense than he has on top of being a shutdown d.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget .
 .
 .
 blackberry messenger is shutting down in may by mariella moon   engadget  mariella moon.
with series tied  stars  shutdown line has yet to allow predators  top      dallasstars  gostars  bhivelabs  bhive .
manusia bisa bertahan hingga 3 minggu tanpa makan  tapi tanpa tidur  tiga hari saja bisa ada yg shutdown  tergantung daya tahan tubuh .
 tarasajune maga this is the very definition of sedition  she is advocating for the eventual overthrow of our gover .
is jet airways shutdown really temporary .
 tim cook bought a macbook pro and find out macbook pro s failing screens  keyboards  ssds  batteries    what s hap .
shutdown .
facebook why would y all lock and basically shutdown my page last night  were there mysterious technical difficulti .
if you halt  shutdown  or protest  pride to push your own ideology or agenda  you do not care about  lgbt people or .
 rapsheet  uno captain  mikegarafolo  tompelissero deebo can do just about anything except make plays against deandre baker  shutdown.
record paling lambat aku balik tahun ni pukul 10 50 p m  baru shutdown pc ye anak anak 4 jam extra charity work ayah eh tu.
 fuckzactar  dvatw no  but the fact that the they are working hard to shutdown many accounts they dont agree with is shocking .
boys  please dont shutdown the mooseaala concert on the 21st .
tigos ts4 platform rapid shutdown systems now compatible with chint power systems   tigoenergy.
o kay daling mag skip ng meal pero hirap mag shutdown ng phone .
 kurrgan lives  clairecmc then you should be reading military news        .
 cher shows where peoples emotions  amp  mental stability are that free speech or opinion now is responded to with ang .
 orangdewasaa kesadarannya ter  shutdown  .
 shahiamulya  thmumbai  the hindu  vivekbendre1  jetairways what if the jet airways ceo runs away after taking loan .
some people believe in supply side economics  while yes access does stimulate consumption  the fact is americans co .
environmentists trying to shutdown nj s nuclear power plant  governor murphy is fine with it  green new farce  that .
 aishayesufu out of 24 power plants only 21 depends on gas while 7 is completely shutdown  and power generation dro .
 msnbc wanting to shutdown investigation is not obstruction  democrats still buying into  msnbc bullshit  they lied .
how long shall we sit on i69 s today   trucksonfire  shutdown .
 synadmin  computer shutdown       zzzz   zzzz   zzzz   .
 msapunya  okezonenews      sesuai dgn si jae     kadang saya sedikit error       pc error dikit langsung minta restart  pa .
manila right now looks like a place in a zombie apocalypse movie  like theres a shutdown of the whole city  its so pleasing .
usa nirankari news  superhuman chasing putin slover donald trump whoes mouthtweets amp media s running fas .
 dalterc  bstategames you don t lose all your gear  you will always get a  free  exctraction whenever there is a server shutdown or restart .
love a good server shutdown during a tarkov raid  giving me four minutes to get out  and then the extract bugs out  .
 atypicle1  clairecmc you should read some real news  republican martha mcsally pushed for a bill to keep paying mi .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 ruxcytbl  lisastark351  curseofleinart  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump  during the 2016 presidential campaign  do .
 smalltownandrew  kag4all so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a musli .
 elpeezi  harlemgetsmoney yeah i agree with you there  he better be careful now tho  i dont see kd being shutdown like that again.
 evntdrvn  run to completion  is how i call it  basically  any cli that takes an input and generate an output  but .
 dirtdoe77  willchamberlain exactly  and weissmann resigned a week or two prior to the shutdown  virtually as soon .
 yaboyradko  kbender4133  broadsthockey yeah  i think the bigger problem lies with optimizing the depth and develop .
maybe i just need to get shutdown to chill.
 busdrivermike  180lifer  benshapiro operation fast  amp  furious is still resulting in dead people  the shutdown of ti .
   a must boycott movie for all hindu s    boycottindiasmostwanted   bhagwatgeeta converts animals .
 paglia ng  wuweimary  ronaldklain  malcolmnance i meant trump barr shutdown the mueller investigation  i do t know .
due to personal reasons i will now repress all my emotions  windows shutdown noise .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  thoughts and opinions from some of the people affected .
 presstv  google  youtube  hispantv i hope the presstv and hispantv are preparing for a possible shutdown of their .
ive talked to many  awesome people this week  and ive failed to wish a single one of them a happy and safe easter .
both teams post shutdown innings  as we head to the 4th all square at 2 2    flyhigh.
fallout of jet airways shutdown for sure  wish more airlines would follow the example of  airfrance to fly stranded .
lawmakers are trying to stave off talk of a potential shutdown  but there s already a push from key democrats to li .
the creeping rise of india s internet shutdowns      though india may be an outlier among the usual shutdown suspects  .
 rampcapitalllc they should shutdown you when the market is closed.
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 preetbharara  presssec if this is a crime then cnn  msnbc  abc and more should be shutdown charged for slander tre .
 r c 96  7daystodie i m with you  what i really want is the truth  why did beam games get stranded deep back within .
 realdonaldtrump i thought the report totally vindicated you  but then again  you said you would release your tax .
 angryblacklady talk to mitch mcconnell  house passed allll these bills in 100 days  including shutdown  but he won .
goodbye   .
changing a storms intensity after landfall isnt unheard of       it would take 10 years before andrew was upgraded to .
there was a time when band aid made do they know its christmas which was followed by usa for africa we are the .
            .
 crimsonfrenzy82 full shutdown and reboot maybe  sometimes slow internet is the culprit for me .
if not for  nepa  how can you even charge the  power bank  that you re claiming about  i pray nepa go tek light and .
i posted something similar about clinton  but i was shutdown on twitter  .
 amyklobuchar if trumps admin doesnt acknowledge the attacks  will it defend further attacks  if we start impeach .
                .
i need to shutdown completely.
 tuttlentexas  tracypac  knitnutter  bogajo  shaw perez  jagne r  bluewaveor  sherlou710  rileduprileyy .
 ida skibenes and national strikes  you know what stopped the gov t shutdown  air travel stopped        stop air travel .
 burtonalbionfc i m bored  the way we re playing is proper end of season shutdown .
portland news blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
salt lake city news blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  .
fortnite is going to shutdown for a reason its to addicted and also kids has been getting expelled from school because fortnite.
 realmnchiefsfan i don t watch a lot of college anymore so this makes sense   even  the concern he s been my top co .
 thacour ik normaal ook  nog nooit zo blij geweest dat er een shutdown is gepland .
 echo off   msg   fatal system error due to admin stupidity    shutdown  c  error  jihadragon told you are too stupid   .
 hoarsewisperer  tresmamae which is what she said during the shutdown  and it worked .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 msut777  chriscuomo yeah  just like 4 months ago the government shutdown was the end of the world and trump       now it s forgotten .
 ktla sadly its in total disrepair with rides not working shutdown  vendors closed and its a sad place  the emplo .
 thepagedude  joneswru  cmerritt1985  7daystodie because tfp have no intentions of doing g anything with console  e .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
followme   blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget    blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 sushidude maybe you tried to deposit too much money  and there was an overflow resulting in a graceful shutdown  t .
 brithume we got another possibie government shutdown coming in september and the democrats want to waste time on r .
 neurorebel shutdown all the way  taught to be quiet my whole life so i cant externalize anything lol.
trade assistants shutdown .
i wanna shutdown myself to everyone but i can t coz i need my social media accounts for work.
 crownme jai camp sholl shutdown haha.
 teama99e  toby23430451  7daystodie bullshit they are trying  why did beam games get stranded deep back within days .
 speakerpelosi so my question to you and the dems  why nt pass law mandates hopeful potus produce taxes  vetting fr .
dem leadership has denied every success trump has brought  denied a border crisis  debied their hand picked special .
a shutdown of the government to harm employees as collateral damage to attempt to force congress to appropriate den .
 queennelo1 toronto shutdown .
 yankeefanatic lastnight offense was shutdown have to play every game with the energy we had against the redsux and win these next 3 .
 terrorism doesnt happen every day either  does that mean we should shutdown homeland security  this tony perkins .
i had to do a hard shutdown because hbonow had sound but a green screen  ive been noticing im having to restart m .
 realdonaldtrump please  mr  president tell them to release our federal taxes  people like us need that to get caug .
greek banks will remain open both on april 19 and 22  but the services they offer the public will be limited by the .
 adoreeknows obj week 1 lets get it this year make the jump from solid to shutdown you have all the tools put it t .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
absolute chaos at farnborough airport today  total shutdown  people will definitely sit up and take notice in china .
 toothfaiiry wayi  why dont we shutdown all fazool private engineering colleges  we are producing more engineers .
 facebook shutdown your social media   assholes  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget   bbm  blackberry  consumer .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget .
 migop you say something about a shutdown  .
 cybernova  oceanorbsrbx  lifelyobsidian  leslie65780003  kawaiilolitachi  justawe43820328  lilyeetshaw .
one bite on the upcoming l train shutdown  1 6.
 armondoyou2  gregthedoughboy  really jimb  black is back5  thomaspearc3120  sconsyhammer  kmillercc .
imagine being affected by the bbm shutdown.
 alsuadere panong shutdown.
riders  we re meeting at 4pm today for a photo by the minster before tonight s shutdown  come down .
 samikitten  goddessoffanfic yes yeesh  using that at a concern trolling shutdown on destiel is so misguided it cir .
wens on a blackpink only shutdown.
 flroach  jamesdcurry utilities would just permanently shutdown all 3 rxs if this billion dollar update the paperwo .
 johnchen  blackberry do not shutdown  bbm please.
nag shutdown yung sense of humor ko bigla.
president obama built has a shutdown that will be very talented deputy secretary of brett mcgurk remember  he will help rebuild.
 flroach  jamesdcurry can come out of the blue means their risk is super high   look at the 1996 millstone issues w .
i hope that the travel news being put out over  easter by  bbcradio2  bbcradiowm is making folks aware that despite .
 dairylandxpress i chose kimbrel because you need more than 1 reliable shutdown guy from innings 7 9   looks like i .
when ever negative subconscious attacks  positiveenergy in that moment u need to use 5sec rule  amp  shift ur thoughts  .
 flroach  jamesdcurry well  lets talk maine yankee since your point is excellent and is reason why i say all us nuk .
 realdonaldtrump and you thought you were all alone during your shutdown  people are going to run from you as if you had measles .
 rct touch your game is still shutdown     .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 wayneallenjones  bystevereilly he cant shutdown a grand jury indictment.
 prasca  krishnabgowda  dvsbjp very flawed design of underbridges  the one next to cauvery theater was the first  i .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may      gadget  technology.
 govwhitmer is trying hard to cripple michigan  via  detroitnews.
 gm8arv yep  can cause all sorts of issues   think the two toughbooks are using ssd s   at least no indication of r .
the church shutdown cineworld broad street .
 bravehearttexas i seen them already an how obama wanted to shutdown gitmo 2.
 flroach  jamesdcurry if profitable and seemingly running fine   this seems to be the part most cant understand   i .
 mohmd mozafari                       shutdown.
 najibrazak ph kalau fobia dia dah lama shutdown account fb anda tapi tidak  sebab nak bagi peluang anda berbunyi s .
 jteurope  ilvestoomas payback for the shutdown  a recent arrival at houston was a miserable welcome home .
 kthopkins i was working at heathrow today not much of a shutdown  believe that just used kids to hold a banner up.
 newsjunkyem  amandaalvaro  rodgercuzner yes 100 percent agree  they are so desperate for survival  let s use the m .
 olushola shola seriously the rubbish happening in this country if it where other civilized and politically enlight .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better    in explaining ho .
jet airways shutdown              cabin crew of jet airways last fl .
 trendingofertas .
 iamjericho  joshrafferty  monsterenergy  aewrestling is the band on shutdown when is you re next concert  .
boy why they got this jive shutdown by the airport they tryna ruin my day right ni .
sales volume and prices have increased significantly so far in the williamsburg neighborhood this year  .
 rampcapitalllc only if they shutdown cnbc when its open  .
 carolsott  50shadesofkellz let alone  not considering how many parents and families collectively rely on mta to ge .
 wikileaks we need a decentralized platform that can t be shutdown that information can be shared anonymously .
is everyone ready for the rollercoaster ride tonight   leafs  leafsnation  beleaf  tmltalk i wonder what team well .
 abc  gstephanopoulos they need to cut her mic and the camera and just shutdown the interview  why have her on  did .
life returned to normal in kashmir valley on friday a day after a complete shutdown was observed against the second .
life returns to normal in kashmir valley after shutdown   press trust of kashmir .
walk in shut a b   h down  big ole facts   shutdown    new single out now      shutdown  blasianbeats  myahj .
tak shutdown rupanya zzzz.
 carolsott  50shadesofkellz around roughly 2 30 3pm the day freddie gray passed  schools were dismissed early becau .
metros 100  err  107 day shutdown is coming .
what occurs to jpmiles publish jetairways shutdown  .
listen to the most recent episode of my podcast  black news you won t hear on mainstream media  black woman cured o .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 neurorebel i absolutely internalise meltdowns and shutdown instead  theyre different to normal shutdowns as wellb .
if you think it is okay to vote for a businessman that put children in cages  deregulate our clean water  amp  air  put .
help i didn t have the audio on they actually added the windows shutdown soundgduhdjfhfjdjd.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
walk in shut a b   h down  big ole facts   shutdown    new single out now      shutdown  blasianbeats  myahj .
they should shutdown twitter when the market is closed.
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown   wmata.
ever since the shutdown people in the hood been real stingy with the food stamps.
 timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network        .
 potus    i hope republicans are planning for a total government shutdown and total chaos for the next two years as t .
 joshhortonedh this is a phishing attempt  have fun getting your account shutdown.
wood green nah good again too much tings ah gwan man ah buss gun like in a western  im coming for my spot .
 soioucity well you see  soioucity    binnington played shutdown tendy and st  louis came back from a 2 0 deficit a .
 migop so when donny does his shutdown youre all on board  cool  and we could just tax the highest earners at a hig .
   in photos  an emotional moment for jet airways   from bloom to bust     indiatoday .
 cspanwj the mueller report only serves to solidify everyones political position  if you are a trump supporter you .
 aishatu   so you only have 9  remaining abegi goand put the fone in d charge b4 it was shutdown .
 senschumer we already know hillary  dnc dossier which this  witchhunt is based upon is a gossip hit piece       why ar .
 here we go again  gov  gretchen whitmer is threatening to shut down state government        she is looking more like j .
 blanternwill  mediagirl02  extinctionr we know  but blocking joe public from going down a street won t change anyt .
 hbrbigweekend  itskwambox   mrkerrymartin   ignitiondrive leo radio station ni moja kenya mzima  total shutdown  t .
 eff  torproject its time to shutdown fb.
 sarahkendzior fully disagree w  you here  trump  amp  gop have been fighting to protect trump  mcconnell  lindsey grah .
 briankarem  presssec remember when she claimed all those govt workers told her they were happy about shutdown  hmmm   .
 gop  gopchairwoman do you have no shame  you are ruingin the country with your lies  and fox should be shutdown an .
 leksa kalo mau yang agak ringan   pencet ctrl alt f4 trus pilih shutdown .
 cwisewater you were kicked from this game  this game has been shutdown  error code 267.
 tea4gunssc  theadvocatemag  nicole bertrand or 50k retirees were in danger of losing pensions during the same shutdown .
to the man in florida who thinks donald trump is a despicable human being  and would probably vote for him again  .
the time has come  for us to move on  bbm to shutdown on the 31st ofmay .
since jan 1  congress has modified podiatrists pay renamed a vet center revised the future farmers of america chart .
 tea4gunssc  theadvocatemag  nicole bertrand or that 42k active duty coast guard members were in danger of missing .
 walshfreedom the gop has lost their souls  how can anyone be a republican anymore  what has the gop done for the m .
 extinctionr what happened   thesun headline   come cry with me heathrow protest  extinction rebellion protesters .
 blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
engadget  blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   metabloks.
globoyz ent x slutyboys presents       spring break shutdown    april 19  doors open at 8      females   free till 9 .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   via engadget.
 eightyonmywrist working for the government has its ups and downs tho   were you affected by the shutdown .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   tech.
deliberate disruptions like the one in the london tube have taken place in the  us  as well  in the san francisco b .
remember the government shutdown .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 jdqofficial  chilternrailway services have been strengthened to cope with the additional passenger numbers caused .
             shutdown    .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   engadget  tomgadget.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  via  ric9871ric  retweet  pleaseretweet .
 nevadajack2 so    she and some people wont eat anything till ice is shutdown  what is that a muslim jenny craig  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
new post from engadget rss feed   blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 neurorebel i would predict that autists who tend to meltdown are more prone to panic attacks  depression or epilep .
 jedshug what more evidence do we need to conclude that barr shutdown the probe as soon as he could  why would you .
 .
airport charges  atf rate and import tax on aircrafts component must be reduced for survival of airlines  reason be .
 extinctionr what happened   thesun headline   come cry with me heathrow protest  extinction rebellion protesters .
did  digital  government come through during the recent shutdown   davidm00dy shares insights  amp  tips with  gcntech .
engadget mobile news  blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
  xryouth  londonshutdown  tellthetruth  climateaction  marblearch  extinctionr .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
 virginmedia so glad shutdown to just the basic channels and broadband rather then vacuous  attention seeking nobod .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may blackberry messenger  bbm  for consumers is shutting down for good on .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
 neurorebel i think it s neurobiological  i never really had meltdowns  i d just have varying degrees of shutdown  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger  bbm  for consumers is shutting down for good on may 31st  when indonesia based media conglome .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   blackberry  consumer  mobile  gear  bbm.
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
retroflag megapi case functional power button with safe shutdown for raspberr    .
 neurorebel i tend to shutdown when in public   i feel spaced out and tired   and in later  in private  when i feel .
 clistonbrown  davidorlo  darylsturgis the red states are gone  an impeachment or not  theyre gone  but it could m .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may   .
.
news  state regulators award subsidies to keep nuke plants operating in new jersey      via  phillydotcom    .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  blackberry messenger  bbm  for consumers is shutting down for good on .
 down the ninth inning  cards pumping out shutdown closers        nickyburdi19     idrubkcaz15 u     rileythomp19        l1c4 .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
 bbm  blackberry blackberry messenger is shutting down in may  .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
blackberry messenger is shutting down in may .
latest from  gregmcneilly  gt  gt  shutdown threats bad for business  via  detroitnews.
dami kong natutunan sa shutdown .
 realdonaldtrump quick  someone  tie the president down before he tweets again  sanders  sit on his chest  barr  ho .
.
 northernbred1  jurainford  kateandrs  daveatherton20  kateemccann jess phillips member of reclaim the internet cam .
blackberry messenger is going to shutdown  may31  blackberry  messenger.
still remember this day last year  i had to go to work while everyone s on vacation since that was the only time it .
paid account  ive shutdown and restarted   no difference.
when the henny get in my system i wish my phone would just shutdown .
 lowermeriontwp you cant exactly shutdown a whole neighborhood for utility and streetwork   linwood and off  ardmore.
 realdonaldtrump when left wing become so bad that they try shutdown any good to the country  time to start fightin .
naghiking ako  e may shutdown kami bukas  goodluck na lang sa aking mga paa  kayanin sana .
did you know  the  aas office is collecting donations for the  membership emergency fund  that makes loans to membe .
 ekverstania  neurorebel definitely true  the concern with internalizing meltdowns turning into a shutdown is a lat .
today at lunch we ll hear from nick leonard of great lakes environmental law center  who will share the story of .
because of  sdsen john thune the cost of conducting a prescribed fire has soared to over  2000 an acre while the co .
 blackberry to shutdown consumer version of  bbm on may 31st  kindly retweet   messagingapp.
 sallybhunt ah the old  white privilege  attempted shutdown  and claim that i m close minded when it s not me only .
 deanbaker13 4 months ago democrats were acting like the world was coming to an end because of the government shutd .
 neurorebel usually a shutdown rather than a meltdown  especially in public  not sure whether that s an adaptation .
 l4dieg4mer  ugobananas it will never shutdown  it was closed for some renovations but there is currently a petitio .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped   federal news network  via  federalnewsnet.
 packerfn55 dems proposed  passed  and had the president sign legislation to re open the government after the shutd .
 retracement cant you create it on devtest lab and setup auto shutdown.
indeed a great gesture shown by naresh goyal that he didn t flee the country after jetairways shutdown .
i m on the road so i won t be able to get this onto the site for a bit  original  burnout paradise  servers shut do .
 merylitaaaaa nextweek nga besh  busy lang ngayon hahaha gawa galing sa shutdown haha.
so who didnt see this one five years ago when it launched  .
the swans are home  the sun is shining and im in on shutdown    absolutely disgusting.
 fenrirwolf13  davidlammy they try to label and or relate brexiteers with fascists to shutdown brexiteers  an oldie.
due to the planned shutdown happening this spring  we wont be hosting an open day in may  our next open day with s .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 mprnews of course you do dear  its a major media talking point  itll happen and if you dont get your way with h .
jet airways crisis  jet airways temporary shutdown due to aggravatedproblems  .
 neurorebel i shutdown regularly  i ve only had meltdowns a couple of times in my adult life  and they were followe .
its so much easier here now to get an uber  make a dinner reservation  and all sorts of stuff   kurtschlichterhttp .
 mr whistlepig 316 the highway coming into athens was totally shutdown with cops and roadblocks  .
the government shutdown coupled with the administrations hardline  immigration policies have created dysfunction a .
 mercules904 no roaming super should leave me basically unable to shutdown without my own super or a wardcliffe       w .
 aprildryan you claim  presssec should be fired for lying  does that mean that cnn should be shutdown for the sam .
blackberry messenger to shut down on may 31  blackberrymessenger   shutdown .
 aoc i d like to see congress do its constitutionally mandated job  and pass a balanced budget   if you just did th .
 benjaminwittes very useful  this was the report of a sabotaged investigation  sco was finally shutdown debased by .
 realjack untrue    she appealed to americans to shutdown ice   she asked us to starve ourselves because were appa .
 skynews  kateemccann political mindset of uk utterly off kilter  fatigued and weakened its de stabilisation has c .
at shutdown  check that speed brake is set to terrific.
 torchedtwine  myhockeyeyes  mnwild even if mcdavid was available  fenton would still use the 1st on a shutdown def .
 mitteremary i m not happy about how biden helped to shutdown hill and installed that bootlicker into the supreme c .
stop this terrorist source of demands  heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay .
 theozzk  mcshanehedges  mmofcan mute allows them to see and be seen by your followers and to continue to mine said .
 molly pockets  tatsilienau  villaintown  lunacyfringe it got shutdown  lol  leadership found out about it and made him delete it.
this is a terrorist group   heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single f .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 domzenga  pff  strap ent  fau football  natepitt27  realcoreykeller  floridaatlantic awesome  strap ent shutdown kid .
.
heathrow airport  shutdown    eco warriors move in on uk s busiest airport .
watching project x again     amp  its really insane     this his party reminds me of my birthday in 100 level that the .
article 1 what is being taught in school now  what are new members of congress to think  came in to gov shutdown to .
 tuudoh at 15 15 the first session of the event will shutdown and everyone would have leave the venue unless you ha .
 bijnoriajhanta let they come to shutdown.
 yamiche while the nation digests the report  trumpll sign eos to demolish anything with obamas name on it  he s .
its the end of an era  blackberry messenger is shutting down next month  but keeping an enterpise only ver  the or .
free training  how to keep your facebook ads account safe and avoid fb jail or account shutdown   .
traffic alert  northbound north kings highway at telegraph road is shutdown due to a vehicle fire  please avoid the .
 breaking  trump prepares to declare border emergency  sign funding bill to avert government shutdown  mcconnell .
 enca when the anc have sold this country into total shutdown and poverty and we have no electricity for winter we .
 realdonaldtrump  potus best at making himself look bad    university     golf award  .
 senwarren but during the government shutdown you voted no to pay the coast guard .
 officialrct hi  rollercoastertycoontouch is shutdown since last nitgh for me  the game load load and load again     .
 paulcoxon  profrachelgan  cu mat ucl make it very clear  we get about 10 emails saying easter shutdown we are swi .
kim taehyung is responsible for the shutdown of my brain.
traffic  alert  happening now a car fire on mopac sb at westover rd has all lanes shutdown following a crash  prep .
  uthighwaypatrol asking folks to avoid the area  sr 201 eb shutdown at 3200 w  please us i80 if you can   abc4utah .
so  extinctionr   how is that shutdown of heathrow going  have any of you ever even researched the aero engine indu .
meanwhile    emma thompson   renowned  actor and activist   takes an overnight flight from usa to take part in clim .
 jaijayudu  jp loksatta he is still in politics  loksatta not shutdown .
rt waltonchain  timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network  .
 cnn ok so we impeach him  he wont leave or resign  he knows hes protected from prosecution while in office  he w .
rt waltonchain  timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network  .
timeline for the release of the fully operational mainnet and shutdown of wtct network        waltonchain  wtc .
 naglly    shutdown   aww  .
 madman13132  govt issue joe  elkabbong trump s government shutdown was the longest in american history  and was so .
nani finishes off in his style what a knock what a magnificent comeback to  naturalstarnani he lifts the winning cu .
imusicmarketer   out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify    .
 cagsil  chooselovetoday  petejohn10  bbfunk01  crg crm  russ warrior  clarkkentwars  zd arts  cbs  carrolltrust .
 tracytlm45  skau61  glopol analysis  yvonnegetcarter  hairlossclinic1  cjsienna55  whereangelsdare  usgovignorance .
one of the only areas to have seen rents decline was northern brooklyn  where an oversupply of inventory has remain .
 jetairways pnr mzplfa  have booked your service  expected will be good as usual  sad for the shutdown  could you p .
to any producers who think im sitting on your riddims doing nothing  pls be patient with me     i have a pretty soli .
the biggest mood  i can t handle being yelled at  when teachers yell i legit shutdown and leave the classroom for a .
so  muellerreport lays out all your russia contacts and efforts to obstruct  but in summary could not reach conclus .
 scottdavis44th  chrislhayes of course its true  he shutdown elections in maryland and repealed the write of habea .
saug buff       hahahahahaha it really is gonna be a shutdown for the best fa in town .
 neurorebel both still oddly probably less internalised shutdown to meltdown than when i was a kid because im less .
shutdown inside oseikrom   vgma20.
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
time to shutdown   see yaa next time   .
 pittbeoms kalo aku ketika membuka laptop automatically click the shutdown button.
q61    when is the fuel used indication reset to zero        a61    on engine shutdown    during refuelling    during engine st .
 bangpino   bangpino      jangan shutdown please    semoga dalam lindungan allah swt.
 afdcaptrb  lwos osmond  flyersrule  allhabs  rocketsports  theahlreport those two play a different style  lernout  .
 alisonbook excuse me  i asked a genuine question  what is ridiculous about that  my profession is not one of those .
 realdonaldtrump says the criminal coward who refused to testify under oath before the special counsel  if youre i .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
kumasi was shutdown  vgma20.
avoid getting your  facebook ad account shutdown    free video tutorial       .
every year laging pinopost na nag shutdown yung metro manila pag holy week  as if naman may bago pa dun.
stars  shutdown line quieting predators  top offensive threats   it s not easy keeping those three off the score sh .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
 robinmarty interesting that the clinic is seeing larger crowds of protesters  the game plan from the forced birthe .
 mel faith1  hlaurora63  publicschools are communist indoctrination centers and need to be shutdown .
 navdeep79534927  taubaataubaa  shannayakk which shutdown a su3o nd mig21   as i said u can console ur self with ur bollywood dreams.
intel minister  iran identified 290 cia spies  made arrests   and president john f  kennedy was going to shutdown s .
 why would these knives be advertised and sold so cheaply     stopseriousyouthviolencenow .
feinstein segment always trash  billy joel walk up song sucks  he ll be in his car w  the windows open  always soun .
all lanes shutdown on i 75 sb due to crash  .
there is a factory inside you about 1 4 kg called liver  it acts as a storehouse  a manufacturing hub n a processin .
 realdonaldtrump the greatest attack on asylum seekers  muslims  puerto ricans  the american people after an unnec .
 ingrahamangle besides the media  the democrats in congress have gone off the reservation  amp  want to attempt to misu .
bye bye driveclub .
shutdown .
 hotbloodedeq sadly  impeachment would prob just solidify trump s support with his base  they love him when he s po .
jet airways shutdown  grounding of carrier affects exports of fresh fruits  vegetables  read more at .
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better    in explaining ho .
an offense explosion of one key player and the shutdown of another on the opposite end of the court resulted in a g .
 jusborne  thedemocrats i dont think those teeming hordes will be anyone other than dems  i have many many r friend .
 whitehouse what was the cost of the government shutdown due to a made up crisis  billions  cost after 2 years in o .
i dont even mind working over shutdown or holidays  because there are less people here  which means less chances o .
so what happened over the heathrow threat  no shutdown  small gang of kids stood crying about  climate   .
 gtconway3d ok so we impeach him  he wont leave or resign  he knows hes protected from prosecution while in offic .
       .
 jetcrisis   over 20 000 employees of  jetairways are left in the lurch after the temporary shutdown of the airline .
police in clarksburg shutdown a pair of drug houses  .
selfish bs we dont all share your extreme un  proven views  stop imposing them on others  i saw this on the sun app .
 neurorebel i tend to shutdown more than meltdown  closing off almost completely to the point where i m either curl .
any software application that requires you to shutdown or uninstall your antivirus software in order for it to run .
            1   .
electric 001  my new 6 track ep all songs on  spotify uk grime shutdown right now  face of  youtubemusic grime .
78  of workers live paycheck to paycheck via  forbes .
 neurorebel sometimes i feel like a shutdown is when i suddenly get too much information  usually socially or emoti .
screw you  baptiste   overwatch  shutdown .
voting begins in  srinagar amidst shutdown  will be interesting to see how many people turn up for the voting  especially in down town .
 makealbiongreat dude his an overweight unhealthy old slob   next year he will be a footnote joke in political hist .
 ayushagarwal141  timesnow ti save 20 000 families bank cannot damage lakhs of families bcoz banks gives loans by s .
 gtconway3d if we start impeachment in the house itll most likely pass  mitch mcconnell wont bring it up for a vo .
 iamshav its really disgusting    and to watch it all play out   i remember arguing someone down who refused to beli .
we re in town now  snorkelled up   spreading the word before tonight s shutdown  not working  come join us  .
 neurorebel from what i can tell  they feel more control with a shutdown  they can engage in whatever internal self .
willful ignorance is no longer an excuse .
 nytimes  peterbakernyt  maggienyt if we start impeachment in the house itll most likely pass  mitch mcconnell won .
   .
reminder  easter training shutdownwe re back from tue 23rd april    training  easter  shutdown    bootcamp  runfit  pt.
i secretly believe my work loves me soo much that they shutdown the warehouse just so i can peacefully enjoy 4 20 o .
 makealbiongreat  thehill pelosi owns traitor trump   she won the wall shutdown easily  she can impeach him anytime .
massive shutdown oo biggie bro  bless you   .
 hakunawmata the 3 months of shutdown will only address braddock and king  but all stations south of dca need rebui .
every time i think back to april 2015 i get mad as all hell        they shutdown transportation to baltimores babies a .
.
.
 peterbakernyt if we start impeachment in the house itll most likely pass  mitch mcconnell wont bring it up for a .
ang dami daming pwede mag shutdown yung network nyo bat og pa hays.
napagana ko na fan ng laptop ko         wag kang mag overheat at mag safety shutdown habang nag eedit ako ng video   .
here is 2 crore jobs fraaaands      jet airways completely shutdown due to lack of money           .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
 sheerluckholme3  bay12brick  byronyork  anncoulter always the same talking points  the government shutdown cost how much in tax revenues .
 adelesbabydaddy came to pay my respects to this account cause it s about to get shutdown.
 iheartgunts  jessew316 along the same lines  my son added a chrome icon to the house pc which really was the shutdown command .
dos parameter   shutdown  s  t 1      .
i guess congress is shutdown for the rest of the year  .
 heathrow  protest    extinctionrebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to .
rootkits are probably the most dangerous malware out there  with firmware rootkits at the top  once your computer i .
oh my days      5  chance we could be extinct by the end of the century       5  seriously  that means there s a 95  cha .
 mellowochre here s my anticonsumerist manifesto    1  ban private cars  hair dryers  irons  printers and washing mac .
jet airways     20000              read more at  .
 arcthefuture  sportscenter averaging 23 isnt exactly being shutdown .
breaking man in red suv says hes trying to bring his wife to emergency room but cant bc police have shutdown acce .
what happens to jpmiles post jetairways shutdown      jetairways  jetprivilege  jpmiles       p s  .
 willemiena2  abc yes  his buisnesses went bankrupt  6 times  so let him run your economy   he has made those mist .
did  digital  government come through during the recent shutdown   davidm00dy shares insights  amp  tips with  gcntech .
if you like me  then raise your hand  if not then raise your standard  shutdown at theplaceikd the other day  .
globally  such a dramatic week      notredame burning down    jetairways shutdown    amazon china pulling down the shutte .
 carolecadwalla  hackedoffhugh  bbc  shahmiruk  omid9 final tweet    in other words    what we see recently on our .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
 nikkihaley who forced the government shutdown this year .
    .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st    engadget .
 bluecryomancer animat  sony pictures animation is the worst company ever  because it s too cartoony and the trump .
then also not funded    mr goyal said we leave all his share then also company not funded    why sbi did so    whome he w .
 saadhammadi  somewhereinblog  zafarsobhan thanks  saadhammadi  somewhereinblog brought the bangla language online .
 neilmcrowther  georgelakoff  natkendallt  aoc   georgelakoff says he s shooting himself in foot  like when he used .
 neurorebel shutdown  definitely internalized meltdown  learned to internalize them as a teen when meltdowns during .
 flyingbeast320 sir a video on jet shutdown and its entire journey  what went wrong with them .
 nginx   graceful shutdown       .
 neurorebel i think sometimes a meltdown proceeds a shutdown but i can have a shutdown without a meltdown  i think .
moral of the story   no politicians should ever dare to repeat shutdown of town   or blockade of roads   or else yo .
even tho i won with 3 mixtapes 1021 end all song in strip club of 1021  mercedes ate nationwide while i fuck my 2 h .
spring boot  servlet       git webhook   nginx   jgit   springboot  g .
the vibe is secured for tonight  djcombstakeover   shutdown .
genjis attitude throws me of as well  the genji in storm rising is just like modern day genji  despite it being ju .
this mumu don go cast me  updating status that today na shutdown friday      guy u no welll oo    ibadanchronicles.
if the abolition of slave manacles   began as a vision of hands without manacles  then this is the year    if the shutd .
so my peeps shutdown london last night  issorait doe .
 nipatea    ping    ipconfig  all    shutdown  rh .
fights force shutdown of aston carnival   .
very interesting dig   ipot1776 made some connections with the denver school shutdown and possibly ferreted out a f .
heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
it started with this column  credit card vs  debit card  wow air s shutdown shows which is better    in explaining ho .
the  kremlin linked disinformation  label is used every day to attempt the shutdown of talking points and there s e .
main stream media should quit embarrassing themselves  their so stupid  y all should just close ur doors and shutdown ur dumb news forever.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube   watch this .
 twibkidx i must say twibkidx  i really like that you replicated the stage very faithfully since it was sadly been .
 latenightseth reminds me of stone cold pence during the trump and pelosi white house meeting where trump said hed .
 abhijitmajumder  twitterindia they have to shutdown all news channel twitter handle.
google  is shutting down after a vulnerability exposed 500 000 users  data .
as a matter of fact we have not shutdown froze  grey college bank account  as some media inquiries insinuate.
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  via  chancehmiller.
airfield shutdown   no flights in or out of muc until the breach is resolved .
tonight    leicester shutdown    they aint ready too much     liveperformances  lit  show  hiphop  uk  2019 .
 greannm abay oo  shutdown ang pier pag ganun hahaha.
 speakerpelosi did he destroy emails  bleach bit his computer  smash his blackberry   did he lie to congress  fool .
the rest of the world  good morning world  how are we today    australia peeps   windows xp shutdown sound .
why relatives of knife crime victims helped  shut down  london this week   .
we would like to wish everyone a happy easter       our offices will be closed for our easter shutdown week from monday .
 morning joe  joenbc now that this reports behind us  whats the next scandal  salacious details about his infidel .
too bad media doesnt devote much time to end the shutdown .
caught fire anywhere is absolutely unexpected incidents  however need everyone suspected precautions  immediately n .
before i go  i notice that grrm has moved blog from livejournal to wordpress  the can shutdown that single lj serve .
caught fire anywhere is absolutely unexpected incidents  however need everyone suspected precautions  immediately n .
lol tas muchat rag kalit tapos after a day shutdown  .
still buggin me they got us working today .
caught fire anywhere is absolutely unexpected incidents  however need everyone suspected precautions  immediately n .
heathrow protest   extinction rebellion protesters sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to  s .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
the shutdown committee says it will give government space to meet their demands  alextotalshutdown.
so far  two of those three women have been granted asylum  the other had a hearing postponed due to the shutdown  o .
reminder  the power will be shutdown in reese today  4 19  from 7 8 a m  there will be no electrical power to the building during this time .
shutdown computer via c program .
sadiq khan knife crime  crossrail  xr shutdown  rather than govern he grandstands  amp  virtue signals   .
 menudocs shutdown command episode.
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
govt  of jammu and kashmir has forgot that there exists 4g internet in south kashmir internet shutdown has suppress .
 dawnbutlerbrent dear dawn    thank you for the solidarity  amp  support     operation shutdown would like to meet with you .
      so much for these  peaceful  protests  rightly so they should be arrested  if they re so p .
all money and no brains private education wasted on these creatures     heathrow protest   extinction rebellion pro .
so  apple  applesupport bring out a new mac and mine suddenly goes on a go slow   how strange    then after a shutdown .
 waruder w.
 mattcuti  p1afc  jvxk h resulting to insults  proving my point  you try and take the piss out me and get shutdown  .
not a single vote casted at 80 polling booths in srinagar amidst shutdown and clashes  the overall percentage is sa .
 shutdown g0 i6       w.
who would have thought being a chemical operator also entailed cutting and moving a tree in the middle of a storm w .
blackberry messenger  31  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
i have provided you the messages from jet airways    and you guys are very well aware with operational shutdown of .
the  myanc in mpumalanga ehlanzeni in mbombela to be precise is at loggerheads  demolishing each others houses and .
 marklevinshow wish he had power to shutdown this narrative of lies that are being kept spining    ppl are tired of .
 morrison7218  habsdiehardsmtl he can t do anything productive  can t make a simple pass a play etc he s an alzner .
its  goodfriday  which means here at midland lead the team are on easter shutdown from now until the 23rd to enjoy .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
payza       payza to shutdown in united states and many other includingbangladesh  .
                         .
 outfrontcnn  aprildryan cnn lies to the people all the time  should every reporter be fired   should the company b .
last night   the san antonio spurs ride the hot hand of derrick white to capture a 2 1 series lead vs denver  jamal .
easter shutdown  dantherm group uk will be closed from 19 april   22 april  the office will reopen at 8 30am on tue .
overwhelm can   meltdown for me  if unsafe to express  when getting an iv put in for example  dissociation kicks in .
any idea who those outsiders were that caused the shutdown of this family friendly  .
56.
fights force shutdown of aston carnival  via  delcotimes.
80         .
 edtruman3 oh i agree they need to  releasethefullmuellerreport  my point is there is enough with the redacted vers .
shutdown the whole world baba  ushbebecomedian    ya dadi way     yadadi13  thechroniclesofushbebeliveindubai .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
 imho1969  jheil  morning joe it certainly seems that way these days    so many massive issues scandals that do the .
      .
                              .
 grancrestwaren make a offline mode so we can play the game even after shutdown.
 cenbank please help us shutdown this useless  alat ng because they tamper with the money in ones account and edit .
eco warriors sob as they fail to delay a single flight despite plotting to shutdown airport .
 tracytlm45  skau61  glopol analysis  yvonnegetcarter  hairlossclinic1  cjsienna55  whereangelsdare  usgovignorance .
 jheil  morning joe this will be forgotten in a few weeks       remember it was just 4 months ago that the government s .
qualcomm to shutdown its chinese joint venture on advancedsemiconductors  .
 cagsil  chooselovetoday  petejohn10  bbfunk01  crg crm  russ warrior  clarkkentwars  zd arts  cbs  carrolltrust .
parang nag shutdown ang metro manila .
 montie i assume that she flew into heathrow and is busy trying to shutdown that very same airport  if carlsberg did hypocrisy    .
my stream earlier today was completely dead and i think it s time that i need to take a break or shut down my .
fucking helll      were getting there lets keep pushing my gs      grime is about           noclout by  officialstogey .
 losturquhart  cpilots2017  herbamour and now this herb  has blocked me too  no answer to the questions  it is dis .
 paul cornell a friend describes it as reactor three has gone into temporary shutdown  all systems offline   last .
blackberry messenger  31               whatphone  blackberrymessenger  bbm.
 monamielarose practising mindfulness meditation techniques is the most effective method for averting a shutdown in .
 ortho fl 183 152 13 2 2 163   .
 richardbranson  amnestyuk hold on   devils advocate here but a shutdown rebuttal   the refs of every broncos game .
oof i did wreck ur day .
 waruder                   .
 ani there is a limit to the patience of the common man  forceful shutdown of everything during a bandh makes the p .
national parks face lasting damage long after government shutdown ends .
 zonelan  hermanmashaba  our da  myanc  anccaucuscoj mashaba will say nothing about this     it was clear that the da .
these posh protestors are the problem polluting with there jolly holidays paid by tax avoiding mumsie an daddy   ri .
 extinctionrebellion plots heathrow shutdown .
sad to see jet airways shutdown  worked with several folks from their it team when i managed the relationship with .
 thashanamcqueen shutdown  why  the night was just starting to get interesting .
jet airways shutdown affects exports of fruits and veggies    accounted for 50  of exports from mumbai to london  a .
economy  expectations for first quarter growth have suddenly surged past 2  after looking to be 1  or less during t .
 eurekaweekly  arclight go on  start hectoring  like nearly every pro nuker ever  a welder overheating and explodin .
a lot of iol   esatfree   oceanfree email users still haven t opted in to move to ourselves  if they don t opt in t .
no clout is going off big up  spotify  amp   applemusic for adding it to the grime shutdown and grime 2 0 playlists  st .
jet airways shutdown   more than 16 000 employees are now jobless    the employees have not got their salaries for th .
am receiving reports that  bali  dpsairport terminal is shutdown due to a fire  anyone got more info .
 kanhaiyakumar oh kanheya    keep your dramabazy   talk in real terms not this stupid drama  if u have real intenti .
it is annoying for no response from  makemytrip  klm by any means  call and mail   mmt id   nn2269725970789  e tick .
bidding a farewell goodbye to blackberry messenger bbm as the messaging app shutdown may 31st2019 .
a common kashmiri who wants        azadi from pakistan sponsored terrorism     azadi from hurriyat and their hypocrisy      .
bidding a farewell goodbye to blackberry messenger bbm as the messaging app shutdown may 31st 2019 .
 aprildryan so like what should we do with all the lies from cnn   i guessing you want your network shutdown  i jus .
 advmkk1  navin veer  ravi prayas1  vinayaknipun  commissionerau2  vijdiw  kendrekarsunil  mohua india .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   ai  iot  bigdata mt  mikequindazzi .
 leomardk shutdown lu.
 jwa nj petition to make zero channel shutdown .
happy easter from everyone at malton plastics       see the link below for information regarding shutdown over the eas .
 officeofknath please do something for electricity shutdown   don t be our next bantadhar.
 kaulebe  fordsouthafrica  ford we must shutdown all fordsa maybe they will take us seriously.
two traffic red alerts  i 75 sb is shutdown south of delk rd  in cobb county and i 285 nb is closed north of memori .
 ptshrikant  uppcllko  htnoidagzb complain already registered but problem is that live ht wire is hanging in the ai .
absolute snowflake thinking he can  shutdown heathrow        not like in london where cars were burning more petrol whi .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
uprising has just been named the most deluded  we think every new york times avoid a shutdown in d c  vote for in your congressional.
trump demands end to congressional recess to work on us immigration overhaul  the president wants lawmakers back in .
nowplaying  osi   shutdown on   progrock.
una t huling sama ko na to sa shutdown ng company lezzgooow.
dougie fresh presents his annual sell out birthday party   kontrol      sunday 21st april   sugarsuite      11pm   4am      th .
brits braced for travel hell today as eco warriors vow to shut down heathrow .
booked a jet airways flight  here s what you need to do after its shutdown      jetairways.
 phoneradarblog blackberry hi shutdown hai already.
blackberry messenger  bbm  announces may 31st  2019 as official shutdowndate  .
 killyourfm  ubuntu i ve seen in the article that you ve got ububtu  amp  dell xps 9370  did you ever have issues with .
alex jones channel shut down full show  2 infowars channelshutdown .
 icymi  transport minister blade nzimande says he has been assured by the security cluster that any planned shutdow .
eskom total shutdown  .
terri  starboyterri major star   onme burst out     oya year don finally start  shutdown.
three ways jet airways shutdown will affect the aviation industry        read   .
di q namalayan na lowbat na pala cp ko kakastream kung di pa nag shutdown pota para akong asong ulol na natataranta.
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown   heartnews  .
 moca goi  sureshpprabhu  jayantsinha sad to see that  jetairways is about to shutdown  why no action from gov  aft .
 nickdixonitv  gmb anti knife crime protesters  operation shutdown  closed down westminster bridge on wednesday  bu .
meet the tosser behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
only shows that duterte shutdown boracay to let chinese business and workers come in  boracay province of china now .
 dcexaminer the only thing trump obstructed was  pencilneck s  and nancy s little junket to europe during the dnc g .
 brignolifabry3  youtube  xboxsupport if that means a full shutdown  yes i did that i watch netflix  twitch  amazon .
 icymi yesterday    my article published by  cnbc on  jetairways amidst this  jetairwayscrisis and  shutdown .
 mattdkerr  shanselman the technically not so knowledgeable  or the ones who are conditioned to just say yes  by mi .
fri 13th shaban 1440h    30c   1 27 pm drive safely    lol    a very happy and very good friday to me     had a very b .
the national transportation safety board was effectively out of business during the year end government shutdown  with its staff furloughed .
 msnbc  nicolledwallace  msnbc you should be shutdown .
 jeremyvineon5 the police were fantastic wednesday during the operation shutdown stop the violence rally where we s .
drama shutdown successfully  .
open view news desk jammu   in order to execute work for rectification of hotspots  routine preventive maintenance .
 marasr1893  not a badboy  ohnunz j agr quanto a essa discusso da ram tamos de acordo at certo ponto porque um i .
 jermainemedia easter pack      another easter holiday is upon us     its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
now you are talking khan     bring chohan back to punjab cabinet  hes one man army to keep noonies shutdown and count .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 wndrfl7  msnbc exactly why i think mueller team shutdown early  that said there is still a ton of stuff here .
 salamsibai96  aboood9x9 yep exactly  but i played the whole game without saving except 3 times   when i had to shu .
 neurorebel yes  for self preservation  as you said  and then somehow i pull myself out of the shutdown enough to f .
 fuckmaarc go shutdown jags bro .
normal people    shut down mac   press power button      me      sudo shutdown  h now.
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
another easter holiday is upon us     its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown tings    for bookings  0903 .
 turquoizzze  vettichennaiguy eppovachum tv la potta i would shutdown my brain and watch some movies  it was in tha .
another easter holiday is upon us     its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown tings    for bookings  jjok .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
so does this  campus shutdown  mean the cafe is going to be closed  im hangry.
major gasline shutdown work going on in rourkela steel plant .
 onthisday 19th april   2017 3teth  threeteeth   shutdown  music video    2016 the egyptian lover  thegyptianlover   i .
more than 500 arrested but only 10 people have been charged  this weak response by  metpoliceuk  metcc and the labo .
we ll be back firing on all cylinders from tuesday       happy easter        reminder  ventilation  shutdown  hvac .
i have never disappointed yall  its going to be an easter to remember  shutdown tings    for bookings  jjokpe  .
 8ap  jetairways sir  i don t care about the airline but i care for the 20k employees  who will have very tough tim .
rich kid who has probably had more exotic holidays than most people have had hot dinners wants to shutdown heathrow .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
ooh lets try to shutdown heathrow   what a great way to get the public onside .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
recover  i don t know that i do that in a healthy manner yet  burnout pretty much forces a huge shutdown and i deal with the aftermath .
jet airways shutdown  grounding of carrier affects exports of fresh fruits  vegetables    .
 traderbased  alphaideas who said it s government job  no one asking govt to bail out the company  asking to help e .
 marvelstrikef support request possible  we got illegitimate bans here  because we used a  downgrade  to be able to .
then 5  twitter shutdown your account  .
reminder  competition pool shutdown  .
reminder  competition pool shutdown  .
 yvonnenelsongh voting  not bad  but i think we don t need to wait till then  mark twain says  if voting made any d .
posh eco warrior behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for thousands  these privileged .
 weeks after the shutdown    some people move on   but not us  .
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in kashmir  via  air news india.
took meds   3  2  1   shutdown   .
it would be funny if a group of hippies managed to shutdown heathrow airport   extinctionrebellion.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
      22                jetairways .
power is out   you ll need to override the shutdown at source     .
 thepeterkelly  andreahorwath  inkskratch everybody needs to either threaten or go on strike  like the flight atten .
boss up .
what happens when bouncers try to shutdown a party with solomun   techno  nashville .
 81studios tn you need to undermine the parts where he tried to force 4 senior admin officials to shutdown the inve .
job  charleston sc usa   cp process engineer 492       the supply chain schedule lead shutdown and start      the s .
i request all people out there let s create a social campaign to  savejetairways  do not let our nation s pride dow .
 whitequark i m impressed that they included thermal shutdown for a chip that goes ding dong.
help us raise money for  mentalhealth in the uk  we are challenging you all  to take part in our  social media shut .
bibo ba ni cellphone na 81  pa shutdown.
 simona1979  realmjfacts how do u know that i dont know           there is too many shit thats been said or found not .
 sovereignpath  pablo43713961  mavenwylde  crislabossiere  desastreboi  ponygal923  fikemartin  bosiebluecat .
 gaiafawkes shutdown heathrow  ruin the holidays of thousands of hard working brits who haven t got a rich mummy an .
 muhamma58068168 acting more like a debt collector on opposition rather than focusing on job of finance  overall in .
same suspect who caused the shutdown of the  benicia    martinez bridge recently  by claiming to have a bomb  is ar .
 kimstrassel  rodstryker that is the sound of cnn being flushed down the drain    they better hope there isn t an air .
   .
 rdanuwu least yours was a shutdown at 15 14   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
catch me performing this freestyle on the 27th april supporting  aystar  at  medusasv night club bradford        grime .
all i m saying is you females artist major and independent better thank god that  yagirlshonie ain t persuing a hea .
 forced shutdown di setiap 5 menit awal        setelah berhasil lewat 5 menit sukses after booting  be like   nice    .
 tyweeky let them know  we use to shutdown shit .
nag shutdown eh nanonood ako ng movie kabsjshsjshs di ko alam kung ilan mins na sjsbjsbsbs .
day after shutdown  life returns to normal inkashmir  .
 mikeisaac  terryresist facebook needs to be shutdown.
a year ago we published  what happens to construction contractors during a government shutdown   .
 bbm lol i thought dat shutdown longtime ago.
 msparadoxy  rachaelvenables  lbc stopping transport  therefore stopping ambulances etc  if someone wearing a burqa .
   sapience  roksuu shutdown parin system nila hshshhs.
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in kashmir       .
last line of the article i just read about juicero shutting down  evans has not commented on the shutdown  but he .
   ridwann boleh  nak tukar tapi dikenakan caj  kecuali peratus 79  atau unexpected shutdown itu boleh cover.
shutdown heathrow  kudos to you all  extinctionrebellion.
life returns to normal in kashmir valley on friday after remaining paralysed on thursday due to a protest shutdown .
dame tu pin      blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
any dev vms are started only when needed and auto shutdown at 5am in case forgotten about .
 pinkgelato15  peter fitz  lesstonehouse  hamishnews  michaelwestbiz  barnaby joyce  margokingston1  theprojecttv s .
 s4hana migrations have to be meticulously and laboriously planned in order to be successful   that is  if you re n .
i hope jet will soon back to those glory days   jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   .
 whatthebearsays no shutdown just holding a banner  watch it live.
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in  kashmir  .
 shops and other  commercial establishments opened in  srinagar and elsewhere while  transport also started  plying .
 samaobuobi  movenpickhotels hmmmm this won t happen  the state would use judges to protect the hotel  why haven t .
 tanyabeco  simoncalder aeroplane engines burn huge amounts of hydrocarbon fuel  so produce huge amounts of carbon .
 zomatoin zomato had credit 27 as cash back which had expiry of 18 apr but it was shutdown on 18  you cut down my .
so eto  mahilig ako mang shutdown ng lalaki  tapos yung isa sa kanila wala akong idea na host pala ng isang gamecon .
 zomatoin zomato had credit 27 as cash back which had expiry of 18 apr but it was shutdown on 18  you cut down my .
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in  kashmir .
 jazzayye im about to shutdown.
 conorthedev the android shutdown module i forgot what the tweak was called.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 kubatana  veritaszim  misazimbabwe  dougcoltart this bill further sanitize the injustices of shutdown protest incl .
never shop online with  homecentreindia such a pathetic customer service this so called brand provides  that i wond .
 humblesmiths will be live in calabar tomorrow  it s gonna be  total shutdown   .
an apparent rebound from the government shutdown  mini recession   but then what    markets  finance  tcot.
day after shutdown  life returns to normal in kashmir .
 andrewcastle63       guy news spoke with robin boardman pattison about his plans to shut down heathrow                  lbc  lbc.
my head is full   officially information overload shutdown .
 shutdown it .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
posh privately educated eco warrior robin boardman pattison  aged 21 is behind  extinctionrebellion  heathrow shutd .
 iamtherara what you saying the shutdown is pending yeah         saturday couldnt come any quicker      .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
the easter monday shutdown  mckennas belfast   3 days to go enjoy x                                                             portuguese  afro .
them whitelisting the beta was like club penguins shutdown    .
                        .
 chitika has been  shutdown and i  cancelled my account   watch upcoming  malayalamvlog with  nikhilvijay.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   metabloks.
 neurorebel i ve had a meltdown or two  but often i defer a shutdown until i can get into the server room  it s col .
death is the only free thing in nigeria  even if you stay in your house  stray bullet will find its way  let s shut .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown    listen on spotify   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 paulgrain99 tested here and all is fine  twitter s a pwa now  so it can t really get  shutdown  .
this is also happening in nigeria where journalist and media outfits are harassed and closed   jayfmjos was shutdow .
if you are  or know someone affected by the  jetairways shutdown  and need an alternative career option  heres an .
these people are threatening to shutdown our sim cards fungeni we will start writing letters and chatting throu ema .
rt engadget  original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
trump didnt conspire with russia  donald was dupped by vladimire putin  since the government is shutdown shouldnt .
cron tips 004  cronshutdownpcrootex 00 23       root shu .
i went to a reggae outdoor concert wearing my new heels   i tripped over a extension cord and all the power shutdow .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
every week government is shutdown citizens should get 2  tax deduction april 19  2019 at 03 01am.
 michelleresists  judgejeanine  seliw59  realdonaldtrump for a well deserved vacation after having to babysit the d .
.
 effgroundforces  gautengeff  mandisamashego why media total shutdown on this important march   voteeff08may.
 original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
the typhoon couple shows back should have proved that   my friend went rizin 13 and had to leave early due to trans .
 worldofwarcraftmains   playing horde alts lately but ill always think of my nelf druid as my main tbh  so instead o .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
nagshu shutdown na naman ako sa taong nakapalibot sakin .
my eyes are going to shutdown but dzuh who cares mlllll.
the body is such a fragile thing  one tooth ache has caused such a shutdown and induced fatigue .
 neurorebel i shutdown more than meltdown.
the eco warrior behind a plot to shutdown travel at heathrow tomorrow bragged his protest will disrupt the travel .
 paulembery  sozzinski its there  its just not only on the right anymore  the definition has shifted to the left  t .
american let vote sign up for shutdown cnn forever they are trouble maker  no cnn anymore vote  .
   20                   loksabhaelections2019 .
done shutdown ig  lepas ni twitter pulak.
 jetblue  jetairways sad to hear for your shutdown i am deeply hurt  amp  worried about your 20000 staff  even though i .
 cpislandforever i havent obtained my dm  but will our data transfer over from club penguin island  i got a new ip .
the real shutdown we need in alexander is to close it down and rebuild a proper place of residence and work  reject crowded dirty spaces .
this shutdown hitting different cause im actually fedup .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
critics slam pseg s notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision    .
the carrier  saddled with roughly  1 2 billion of bank debt  has been teetering for weeks after failing to receive .
 matt  byrne     i set out to find out the conditions that lead to their shutdown and maybe         if they are rea .
 india1atm  situation of socalled indias 1 atm at my place      gt  no security     gt  no ac    gt  no cash but yes sometime you .
 jessbrammar  mrjamesob i support the protests until they start trying to shutdown public transport  support will g .
the shutdown of jet could be a wake up call for airlines to increase the prices   ask people to pay for it  .
 mbawolive soon truck drivers will be embarking on a national shutdown because most employers prefer foreign nation .
by the way  i installed os mojave and my macbook pro has stopped sleeping  resulted to shutdown which is a setback   wetroubleshootstill.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
suayeon shutdown .
         amazon     amazonin .
 johncornyn  dyessafbase classic cornyn   no comment on obstruction by trump   deflect   texans remember he voted f .
 handel l  elaine greek  ericvonhaden1  brendawinkowsk2  kayajones  realdonaldtrump  kayajones0  tomilahren .
emergency services were scrambled to the junction of spring lane and church street in erdington at around midday to .
 let the jet fly   its sorrowful that so prominent airlines of country is on verge of shutdown banks and govt bodies .
a bit of comedy for you  the government shutdown is basically exactly like  mean girls   laughter  snicker  smile .
 cnbc awaaz  jetairways  airindiain modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  .
 whoistheblack oboy i force shutdown ooooo.
 sameeryasir separatists amd ppl across the border wd hv revelled seeing such scenes from  srinagar  this shutdown .
wsu to study impact of government shutdown on northern utah   abc 4   wsu to study impact of government shutdown on .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
posh extinction rebellion protester behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for   the sun .
if you have booked a jet airways ticket heres what you can do due to its temporary shutdown    jetairways .
maybe it s coincidence  maybe it s a panic shutdown of all brexit promotions  maybe somebody complaint about the co .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
seokjin doing aegyo      me    windows xp shutdown sound .
never think you can shutdown the mvp  kdtrey5 you must be smoking   patbev21.
this shutdown is too much .
 win  with 1st semester shutdown madu dance  .
video  russia prepares for global internet shutdown russia is preparing for a global internet shutdown  putin is no .
shutdown in poll bound areas of indian occupied kashmir  .
 piersmorgan i think youre worried  mueller pulled a masterstroke  he said he it is  if i prosecute  this will all .
 realjack she might want to get that hospital bed reserved in advance  cause shes going to need it  i think she wo .
zimbabwean mobile telcos say customers refunded after internetshutdown  .
 kashmirintel 2kbps mean shutdown.
jet airways temporary shutdown has significantly aggravated problems for the airline with potential investors aski .
not sure if this makes sense or not   it s 2 am and i should have been asleep hours ago so my sun bleached brain ha .
 lazygirlsinfo has the website shutdown .
 gt  gt  gt solar storm detected  data corrupted  entering emergency shutdown .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
bbm wants to shutdown chai.
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019  farooq javed   shuaib masoodi   farooq .
 mrhunsaker  neurorebel also  remember that the term shutdown has another meaning too  it s a stage beyond hypokala .
 struth92701547  mikedutton9  rosfler fuller  evtimoz  grahamperrettmp  angustaylormp that s the lie perpetrated by .
internet was restored in  kashmir at 23 15 on april 18  after a 27 hour shutdown  however  the speed in south kashm .
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019  farooq javed   shuaib masoodi   farooq .
 police shutdown every other party        ncat students  pop up party in front of the cafe byow byob .
 rahulgandhi going to shutdown 144000 employees in financial week    aachhee din aagai .
i like livin this way   i like lovin this way        this is it rehearsal .
 thompsonscribe he was shutdown q4 so yes.
 nbatv yah had it good when kd went passive mode twice  but the media and the haters was hyping pat like he shutdow .
 rahulgandhi shutdown  aachhee din aagai  may be convert into ambani airlince .
that ending of human nature is pure magic        live 1992 bucharest .
 jenmsft  disch inthevox  northfacehiker this is stunning  that s the point why it makes fun to shutdown the device .
arkadalar durduramyorum kendimi srekli dinliyorum bir el atn         ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss  .
palowbat na aq       peru makikisali muna gat dpa shutdown     gelanceworthfri8ingfor.
       plant news    1  company lg chemical   2 product  poly vinyl chloride  pvc    3 location  yeosu  s  korea   4 capacit .
 helixux i feel you  dude  i was feel depressed as all hell last week and asked myself  dafuq  why sad    turns out .
open during a shutdown      photography    shutdown    travel .
rain and flooding snarled traffic and sparked the shutdown of interstate 30 outside alexander  arkansas  on april 1 .
i ve heard the term  juke joint  used a lot lately by rich white people and ads  the same people that would shit a .
 sureshpprabhu bjp manifesto proudly speaks about increasing the functional airport from 65 in 2014 to 101 airport .
update  we reached out to the  fieldschina team  who confirmed the shutdown  .
power shutdown on april 21   for more details   .
trumps shutdown is no cuts to.
 eawhamm03 i guess i m worried about people leaving bad reviews  my story is set in 2030  in which there was a gove .
 hsbc in dear hsbc  you should be ashamed that even after 115 days you are not able to solve a small case  shutdown .
super bloom shutdown      ap                 .
 prakashraaj going to be shutdown  may be convert into anil ambani sanchar nigam      .
niggas 5 shutdown functions in and still tryna party lmao give it a rest.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 olystubbies44  scotttbrower1  is contagious  markjohnt2  basedpompeo  sonofman  2  bluesbrother91  therand2025 .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  via  collider.
just seen bbm is getting shutdown nothing better than randomly pinging people at 2 bell in the morning and sending .
 prakashraaj shutdown   may be convert into ambani airlince .
    operationshutdown  operationshut19.
i played this character for literally 4 years  she was my city of heroes main from 2008 to server shutdown in 2012  .
 tipsypianobar thanks for the response   whatever the cause  the shutdown of discussion about possible causes leads me to be more suspect .
 gertrude is out there re limits to what pence d do    hatcheting norms  sprint to autocracy   wd  or slow       recall  .
 amazon to  shutdown  china website in july  .
easter travel hell fears as protesters vow to shut down heathrow airport today   .
 niantichelp my account has been suspended for a week now  i had to miss the bagon community and many other fun thi .
 barnacules how salty did that guy have to be  idk what you said but he went into a full blown shutdown you d see f .
 neurorebel i learned to suffocate it until i m alone  but i never learned to shutdown    that said  i do try to with .
spring carnival in aston shut down after fights break out  .
 snidog trade joc whos right now or your boy verdugo for brad hand  outfielders are easier to replace than shutdo .
a quick reminder to you guys    follow              delete  ex  shutdown  motivation  leadership .
next thing you know servers shutdown for the second time today  amp  my mixer stream ain t save  i m a call it a night .
feel very sorry for  20 000 direct and indirect employees who have nowhere to go  hope someone sensible  takes it o .
dont let me run the slow playlist  shutdown.
 pollitoyeye  kotarobo because all of this 1 13 s mess  my server is locked into 1 12 2 till forever and 1 14 comin .
putting the house into shutdown.
the countrys major national roads are being threatened with disruption by a truck driver shutdown over the employm .
government said huduma number was voluntary  now communications authority of kenya says it will shutdown phones of .
global awareness members helping out with the shutdown for the long weekend  energycup2019  ecctamanawis  tamanawis .
 reutersindia  abhiruproy30  tanvimehta710 greatest contribution by  modi        jetairways shutdown    bsnl winding up .
where are you respected pm  narendramodi    when our company  jetairways has shutdown operations and our future is .
 breeashhh they do  he just got shutdown the other night by pat bev  right  i guess you tuning in to the wrong es .
 paytonfranks hey girl i just wanna suggest not using paypal they are super anti sex work and will shutdown your ac .
we just scored 7 runs  amp  made this a game  now garcia has walked the bases loaded  amp  theres 1 out  this must be a sh .
 narendramodi sir as a indian citizen today after sudden shut down of jet airways   plz take some action to restart .
 zeebusiness modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujara .
 kumarirukshmani it is just not 20 000 jet employees but many other employees of other agency have been hit hard du .
 nevadajack2 what a crackhead  in the middle of a national crisis and she wants to shutdown the very agency who pro .
 blraviation  unraveaero  airindiain and they are asking for 9000 crs now of threatening a  jetairways shutdown sto .
 panglimahansip  kpu id wah      inget film film konspirasi      semua yg berhubungan di shutdown.
       plant news    1  company  tasnee   2 product  poly propylene  pp    3 location  onsan  s korea   4 capacity   730 ktp .
 aamadmo apparently 32000 jobs are lost due to this shutdown  .
rain and flooding snarled traffic and sparked the shutdown of interstate 30 outside alexander  arkansas  on april 1 .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
will say a prayer .
in 2018  we finalized the shutdown of our arthroscopy business and reorganized our sales and marketing operations .
 lynnesoraya yes  one time i was in shutdown mode for a month and a half  no speaking  no brushing my teeth  etc  i .
its either your a go getter or a motherfucka patiently  sitting hoping that something happens for you  its either y .
 coindelta   why your withdrawal fees is higher than other exchanges despite of the exchange shutdown  it will be h .
see the difference between me  amp  you i know how to shutdown all fun get ugly on these hoes  amp  get the  right .
 kstreethipster i see your point  but at least it could keep him in a bad spot  the only other bad spots hes been h .
tae  where am i  who am i   shutdown   .
im not going to anymore addys  everything getting shutdown because yall keep posting moves on social media   ncat.
gusto ko nalang muna mag shutdown sa lahat nakakaiyak nakakalungkot     .
kenapa noh update gambar macam tu  kenapa ali sariah shutdown semua social media dia  kenapa kenapa .
 safmnews all people are equal  this absolute lie u have money u are above the law  u are king u have a right to el .
mashaba is just a shutdown himself  if mashaba  is what the da can ongly offer in joburg then it means they are in a leadership crisis .
 geoff makhubo mashaba is just a shutdown himsef.
 geoff makhubo mashaba is total desaster that is he was was told that he is not a politician  as for mashaba to be .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
 miguelitos098 wahahahahahahahhaa shutdown.
in the past 25 years the government has not been aware of the health care conditions in townships  25 years  did it .
 benshapiro trade   russia and iran nuclear treaties   longest shutdown    his pride has damaged the country .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  via  livefromalounge.
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson seems inappropriate for donny  shutdown  trump to accusing anyone of lying     lying is your speech pattern  .
cop gets shutdown   whos the idiot now     first amendment audit 36  via  youtube.
bloody fidiots are these people  moronic is another term       climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  .
 jzen12 nope  not going to engage  see what i did there   thats how it feels when someone points out racism  they .
                    .
mannnn this shit wack and everything getting shutdown  hmp if you need me.
 scottdesno when my husband was furloughed govt shutdown  i started skipping antidepressants  we have kids to feed .
 lubnazahir  diamond sky    shimranab  dr iyaz  alizaid1000 how many are dead due to medical negligence at hospital .
 volatilitywiz maybe more european brexit related  found this    source        would ve thought ba .
gulfstream g iv full flight engine start to shutdown kfxe kpbi   pilot v     via  youtube.
 askmenfess forcw shutdown.
im just wondering how many twitter accounts will be shutdown after the election 2019.
shutdown defense  but lou is just special fam.
 d mitchell91  thv11 7 2 ip  10 k  amp  only 2 er against the best offense in the sec    kind of feels like a shutdown  .
  vlright dont feel left out lol everything shutdown within 5mins.
been using this bbm which have it own messaging  1st platform able to call and videocol  and channel now it shutdow .
 neurorebel i think both but post dx shutdown is a conscious effort   .
 stokedoo  jasonkirksbn just found it  shutdown fullcast episode 356  week 5 review  8 min in  it was actually jaso .
full shutdown    done yall got it bro  tired boss.
 neurorebel sounds about right   my worst shutdown lasted 24 hours  the er doc diagnosed it as  wait for it           p .
 qatar shutdown coordinator  .
massive chinese trade shutdown  amazon retreats from china market  goog fb hubris .
have no motivation to continue living today ahhhhhhh can i just shutdown for a whiiiiile   .
 rylanstolar official scorer decided       buchholz left after 4 2 innings  so it can t be him even though the jays wer .
 nedaebrahimi7 on  citynews discussing the dire need for a service like  motherrisk and the potential implications .
 waambui total shutdown needed  we need to start afresh.
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming   9to5mac .
 stokedoo  jasonkirksbn cant remember the exact episode of the shutdown fullcast  but holly describes some player .
my brilliant sister  dr  neda ebrahimi  on  citynews discussing the dire need for a service like  motherrisk and th .
 hitori aruki  thejokester mrj it injured the health of an entertainment industry and the money that flows through .
 acjoshi ha ha ha like that scared and desperate face    stupid people can shutdown tweeter not thoughts   .
 scottjenningsky the previous administration was shutdown by mcconnell from warning everybody clown .
jet airways shutdown        17   11       .
 shahfaesal  jkgrievance i thinks you should appeal to the protesters who are mainly responsible for internet shutdown .
is the government still shutdown .
the conclusion to discuss isn t whether youtube would shutdown  it is what if youtube was no longer the leading med .
 swadhashankar  rajarshi h it s time to shutdown bollywood forever  it s been churning out shit nowadays .
dems want to eliminate the electoral votes expand and stock the supreme court shutdown free speech from conservativ .
qatar petroleum  qp  jobs 2019   apply now   apply now gt  gt  gt    free visa   free ticket   free ac .
at least six teens were arrested and the annual spring carnival in aston  pennsylvania  was closed after fights bro .
 pgns   closed  after pc plus 2  there are no trim requirements  and  if you have a shutdown during pc plus 2  subs .
 mihirmishra let it shutdown     why should tax payers money go to running a loss making making for decades.
respected pm sir  narendramodi       kindly look into jet airways employees situation as they are crying  dying  amp  being .
will my 7 30am flight make it in time to avoid the heathrow shutdown  .
staff of airtel dth get ready to switch of your job because of customer unsatisfied airtel shutdown   airtelindia.
shutdown and won .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
s o to all my fam in lautoka whos doing that  taki wai life rn   yall are real ones   but really whos idea was .
shutdown .
yahweeh   davidrockefeler   your son  victortrice of my buisness  gattorgrace was the only one to ever figure me ou .
 sportscenter bev is 6 1 being that he got a 7 footer ejected one game and shutdown the next   i d said she still u .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
reverse mortgage data details disruption from government shutdown .
 neurorebel  aspiehuman my shutdowns aren t always internalized meltdowns  usually i feel a lot of earning signs th .
 bigak9  lakeshow wess  futurenbaowner disrespectful  pb gonna go shutdown mode now .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown    jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
 pkharrington  starsandstripes shutdown ny obstructionist dems.
hilo transfer station shutdown after discovery of explosive ordnance  .
y know it really didn t take long for nancy pelosi to burn out the good will that was going on at the start of 2019 .
respected pm sir  narendramodi       kindly look into jet airways employees situation as they are crying  dying  amp  being .
getting a roblox egg from theme park 2  failed it once  i got mad  my 2nd just now i was about to get the egg and t .
 fairimmigration  whatsth61068280  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder the only way we will get our useless politicians to fi .
 cliffsrepaircor  kube00 no they havent  they released the app today on xb1  the streaming service stuff was just c .
 cernovich she is a one issue voter   immigration  she is waiting for a complete shutdown of the border  most likel .
1  was he focred to shutdown the investigation       2  why did he not establish evidence of collusion       3  why is his .
 shahfaesal exactly sir  internet shutdown is hurting south kashmir students  despite normal situation.
 meenavyas50  abhijitmajumder  iyervval  twitterindia yes  once modiji is elected we can shutdown twitter account a .
 danjohn88147827  vichyrepublican  mzhemingway and everybody literate knows that hillarys email server had already .
dead annoyed that everything be getting shutdown.
 repmaxinewaters  agbarr shutdown  sco the entire  russiainvestigation     mueller was not finished.
trump walks out of white house meeting with democrats about shutdown   npr u r a lil bi .
 drmsecunderabad  train number 17063 on outer for last 30 minutes  it was before time at malkajgiri  acs are shutdo .
daming ganap sa bbm noon    .
air traffic controllers  working unpaid  sue u s  over shutdown   wallst.
 govofco  domoreno  votebobrankin  zenzinger atoz  dlesgar  hansenforco  kimransom     and you shutdown the oil  amp  g .
 falcons2008  themarkpantano  bdogg999 he s right though  trump is making either mistakes or decisions at times tha .
 reneritchie  fznalm couldnt agree with you moreso surprised they are not shutdown.
 abnormaldna  sfpelosi  itchmcconnel already has to own all the  kochfunded  radicalfederalistjudges he has put on .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 chicagomgd sd they know how many seats they lost in the midterms  you saw how they voted against trump on the gov  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
spurs completely shutdown murray tonight.
modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujarat nre coke po .
i cant wait to find out how the month without pay during the government shutdown affected corruption on the border  .
parties in greensboro get shutdown soon as the addy get sent.
 natashabertrand  sharonvt75 really seems indicative of a special counsel shutdown  so many more avenues  amp  did not pursue .
traditionally the easter holidays have been a non ratings period  but with the rise of streaming television  comme .
devos toady  gregmcneilly tries and fails in his latest sad  little op ed   loser      .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 bj davis23  ikhurshudyan if any fanbase can take that  its the capitals fanbase  however  when your fans boo a pl .
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  canogapark on hwy 27 sb between sherman wy and vanowen st  latraffic.
the world will never get that  meekmill   amp   nipseyhussle joint album .
 socaltelevision  traffic  alert  gt     work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  canogapark on     .
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  canogapark on hwy 27 sb after sherman wy  latraffic .
so the mueller report revealed that there was no russian collusion  and that trump tried and failed to get the inve .
just found out its a different name same owner  if yall dont remember that place had roaches before it shutdown .
 mayawiley i am a retired senior executive from irs  the agency is impacted by the shutdown and  is rarely mentione .
fuck my laptop said 0101100111 shutdown mode.
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown      listen on spotify    .
 logan hallman  2020polpolls i wouldn t be too sure about those republicans  i have been talking to several trump v .
so get this   with heaven and hell both essentially being in government shutdown        what if sam and dean end up rul .
 jalexkoss  jakecocain  aoc what companies are being shutdown   strong economies give us opportunities to work smar .
barron isn t quite at that level yet but for a u17 player he brings great secondary playmaking to the hal defense c .
while the irs continues to try to dig out of its hole  made deeper by the government shutdown  experts say new perm .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
ben really stepped up tonight in game 3 which was pivotal in the series  w o jojo ben had his best gm as a sixer sc .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
 mistertennis  risarudy  j r t 1  jakecocain  aoc those who are draining from the economy are the ceos and boards t .
after all was said and done today  mueller not there at the press conference  barr basically stating that mueller w .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via  es engadget .
imagine if we had a president who could talk for that long about the first principles of immigration restriction in .
 cpfscancelados so imaginei o barulho  windows xp shutdown .
the naps scored a run in the 7th  but mullin  2 0  shutdown cleveland and detroit won 3 2   mullin pitched a comple .
modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujarat nre coke po .
 coachbillself i m happy to read this  i m also especially bill shutdown those nba stories in the rumor mill .
 nourmayunia mohon maaf bbm sudah shutdown .
 darcoleptic  buseireann lol shutdown.
ao3 is truly the only place i rely on to respond to abuse reports  it s really cool that they re pretty tight on th .
 kag4all  deborahjuanita4 should we have a hunger strike to shut down congress  but then  that wouldn t be american .
bro samsung a50 restart panna youtube video 2x speed la run aguthu and sound head phone jack work agala but shutdow .
 kjmmder well i was just attempting to record gameplay but pc overheated and auto shutdown         i will try again soon .
 jetairways it s of no use to express sadness  it is well planned decision by bankers and government to shutdown je .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
lessons learned during the government shutdown must not be forgotten  watch the documentary 35 days by nicholas m .
 sankar485  surrealzak shutdown chesaru illantivi undavvu anukuntunna govt should involve in this matter too bad 22k employees ante .
blackberry messenger  is shutting down next month       via  9to5mac  blackberry  messenger .
man it s like we re glomming on to any out of context sound bites we can find in order to demonize the congresswoma .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines south of reagan national airport .
i was deleted for speaking out against racism    so many racists reported me that my ig account got shutdown  for s .
trenton city government mired in  shutdown  in budget impasse  but has city exposed itself to  state takeover  as s .
shutdown innings don t exist  rockies on cruise control now.
such water disruption  amp  shutdown of water treatment plant due to critically needed repair work inconveniencing cons .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week    lindsayawatts reporting for  fox5dc  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
electricity shutdown in whole area  kelectricpk.
 grammalilx12  presssec similar lie when trump said he heard from countless govt employees during the shutdown tha .
 aliumbritt lmao my laptop turned itself off earlier  sometimes it just does this instead of sleep   had a thermal .
hello everyone  join us tomorrow for  communitylunch to hear fromnick leonardofgreat lakes environmental law cen .
lmao i just shutdown a kid from flexing his eon he was like you guys like my skin and im like yeah dude your ski .
 trumpcrazytrain  gregthedoughboy  really jimb  black is back5  thomaspearc3120  sconsyhammer  kmillercc .
 wwzthegame seems as if though the game just shutdown for some ps4 users claiming we need ps  to play online even though we all have ps .
check if your area is affected by the water treatment plant shutdown  .
 thehill interest of american people  plz  quit spending money on trump investigations  spend it on the people  wha .
thinking about how since master  shutdown i lost my entire backlog and catalogue  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 rambonthabottom our city didnt turn into little bitch babies and create petitions  our businessmen didnt buy bil .
why the need for such massive shutdown and inconvenient millions of users  what had failed along the way  amp  how will .
i hate shutdown.
dear media     if not for  potus   realdonaldtrump    u all would be jobless     cnn would shutdown    count your blessing .
 amyhoy i don t see what the president has to do with it  i ve tried looking        neither the house nor the senate bi .
 cammycakesyt why are they nerfing my favorite shutdown super .
climate protesters vow to shutdown heathrow airport on goodfriday  .
 airindiain  pmoindia  arunjaitley  narendramodi  moca goi  swamy39  sureshpprabhu how does it feel to be still fly .
unbelievable  20 seconds away from a shutdown period and suddenly its a one goal game .
metro summer shutdown extended by one week on blue and yellow lines in virginia .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month    goodbyebbm.
 kimstrassel investigation could have been shutdown a year ago   they were just waiting for anything .
there was a rumor about their tv deal that has since been shutdown by a few trustworthy outlets  .
slept like i was paralyzed  man  full shutdown .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
suppose  google is going to suspend or shutdown all the services temporarily like  jetairways  which is your next p .
i hope she has made arrangements for her funeral because ice is not ever going to be shutdown  i t think most peopl .
there sure are a lot of instances of meetings between trump campaign aides and russians throughout the redacted mue .
 bbm to shutdown on may 31  2019  .
 pboxer12  katrinanation  katearonoff let s start slowly first  let s get a fy2020 budget authorization done as req .
         kandakai system            error code  k453   system error       ka2255  se4412    ka5832  se4942    ka9392  se9581      system shutdown   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 bretbaier bret  ive enjoyed ur fair  amp  balanced over the years  but many fox viewers are getting worried about the .
 dell  just bending the display getting shutdown .
 artixkrieger  how are you guys gonna deal with the adobe shutdown in 2020 .
 thehill oh wait  the republican house and senate left their leadership at the end of 2018 with a government shutdo .
rain and flooding snarled traffic and sparked the shutdown of interstate 30 outside alexander  arkansas  on april 1 .
 hilljack1253  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters who was on vacation and partying during the shutdown .
health dept  has announced four more schools will be closed      .
 hoarsewisperer  speakerpelosi  senschumer voters pissed off at democrats  whove only had 1 chamber of congress fo .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 senatorbrakey  steffi cole i don t understand why more people didn t realize this during the shutdown  the more we .
  tavares91 1 fav and 35 replies  his ratio is enough of a shutdown to his opinion  we dont even need to continue s .
dollar rallies from post fed losses as u s  shutdown likely      the dollar gained on friday as investors sought the cu .
an apparent rebound from the government shutdown mini recession  but thenwhat   .
dollar rallies from post fed losses as u s  shutdown likely      the dollar gained on friday as investors sought the cu .
 teampelosi why aren t you satisfied  what are you going to do about it  impeach donny  no  you ve already decided .
 iengineersab  ranaadeem ishaq dar was worse but we weren t worried that our businesses will be at the brink of shu .
 berniesanders is bernie going senile  do people really fall for this  is congress still confused about whether rus .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
honda production shutdown planned  dayton business   trendingnow  news  trending .
the price of not figuring out a scalable business for a big enough market    .
 airtel  airtel presence  airtelindia is the network in  baner region of  pune down  can t get a signal since morni .
 appreciatesnick this was the frustration that was being expressed by the original poster  ministries and missions .
spent 7h in hospital  treatment thursday then a 2 h drive turned into 5h  highway 11 shutdown  but finally  muskoka .
 bxnbxi trent has been exposed defensively at times ill give you that  hes also shutdown some of the greatest in .
 maxblumenthal heard your interview on  scotthortonshow  they want you shutdown  i just bought a copy .
 khanyimlangeni mine shutdown.
 toddamurphy it s infuriating how useless the democrats in congress are  nonstop face plants since the shutdown ended .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
2  and trump went along with it  when trump has been more focused on policy   shutdown  immigration  healthcare   he has trapped himself .
an apparent rebound from the government shutdown  mini recession   but then what  .
marie se fue shutdown.
 johnlundin  agbarr did shutdown  sco  amp   russiainvestigation        impeachbarr  impeachtrumpnow.
 whitehouse  twitter needs to shutdown the  whitehouse account for repeating lie after lie after lie    .
 funder  agbarr shutdown  sco  russiainvestigation   impeachbarr  impeachtrump.
 alannarizzo hell of a performance   big 3 outs top 6 in big shutdown inning against big part of lineup   really nice julio   .
 purduemitch in light of the 3 student suicides in just this past semester  i ask you to pause and think about what .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 starsandstripes but again   these are the troops trump didn t pay during the shutdown   trumpisadisgrace.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 pollutans  askmenfess shutdown jokowi sama prabowo gila sama ga sih  prabowo gila bukannya menyerang menghina prib .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 askmenfess lah shutdown jokowi gimana cing  sampe ttww wkwkwkwk.
 das kaushik  wethepeople1137  joeyjoejoelinux  freespeechjohn  rellie4  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump i can guara .
 nyctsubway when does the m line shutdown at nights end  l  f  g is cancelled at some locations  youre charging us .
that shit a shutdown a party  .
you can t underestimate the importance of having a legit shutdown defenceman come playoff time   winnipeg is a diff .
really nice close to the third for the nets to get it down to seven  have to carry this momentum into the fourth and shutdown redick.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
so  lush intend to switch up social by moving to an online community to engage with their customers  we cant wait .
indonesia government try to shutdown people voice  help indonesia  inaelectionobserversosgermany.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
yal thought the border shutdown was cute and all until yall got cutoff them perks .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 cnn thats it  time for a total and complete shutdown of all canadians entering the country  until we figure out what the hell is going on .
 bad takes jeebuz chrisis     i miss the good old times when crazy  old  pieces of crap like dobbs used to peacefully .
we re now on motions here at the special city council meeting on development charges  another 12  hour day here at .
 brianth04388059  scheknul alt  voxdotcom remember how the government shutdown 4 months ago was the end of the worl .
 neurorebel i shutdown way more and when i do meltdown i try to take it somewhere private if possible .
the next annual shutdown for the mghpcc will occur on 6 11 19 .
someone started crashing me at sand crabs and i can t even be fucked trying to anticrash so i set a shutdown timer .
in 2002 03  the  stlblues bruising defender rookie barret jackman posted 3 16 19 and 190pim  his highest in a sing .
at large councilman jerell blakeley  who spent an inordinate amount of time off the dais during the meeting  said h .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 phuturephilz that s how to shutdown     nice job boys  .
a respeito do evento de pscoa  entrar no jogo amanh  19 04  no shutdown dirio  ainda estamos ajustando alguns d .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
shutdown tonight yankeefamily have to do better and win these next three no excuses .
sniff of copyright   instant shutdown       nazis and hatespeech and explicit death threats   marketplace of ideas  theyre here forever  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 zainpatel01  agsawant  shivsena  bjp4india you should understand why these pvt airlines companies are shutdown  ov .
 yairnetanyahu cair as a front for hamas and the muslim brotherhood needs to be shutdown  it s an enemy to the west .
 shoomlah yesss  hopefully mine was not lost in the slack shutdown .
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  here s what you can do  moneycontrolcom .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 hoova   lowrlevls shutdown season comin back bois get the muskets.
goodbye  bongbong marcos   .
heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via  circleboom.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  losangeles on hwy 27 sb after sherman wy  latraffic .
here s the  proof brought by  drdrew the brain of  tyhenrymedium is definitely different than most  there is a  sh .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
india should implement content auditing for corporate news houses and biased news producers must be shutdown  fed u .
 jfg1984  senhorraposa don t forget the shutdown is still on people s minds in va .
 justgreggo  sharonwunderva  jenlskelly  kamvtv  maggienyt the mueller report lists activities of conspiracy  he sp .
join me in the audience was by 18 people seem to end the boeing 737 max  add some additional great job being let pe .
 nshhousecats  jofapreds bonino is too expensive to be capped at a 3rd line shutdown option  turris  like granlund  .
i have a trump theory might be tested depending on how much muellerpalooza we get  the only time we ve seen him har .
33  get better at being me  cuter  funnier  better at music  more rpg stuff  more writing    34  floating in space  l .
this looks like it could be a nice competitor with the slow shutdown  but i wonder about the lack of ergonomic grip  .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson ag barr  was installed to shutdown the investigation  amp  to stop trump from being ind .
 ice matty35 almost like thinking tylikov can be a shutdown pair.
operation shutdown  demonstrators close off streets with demands action over knife crime  .
 twitchbizz408  gmshivers  americanmcgee sometimes it s the windows xp shutdown noise .
yall remember  us2500 vs  pull up gang  lmfaoooo        us damn near had the city shutdown behind him  .
what the hell is going on with cnn  mnsbc and abc  i used to watch this news media  i followed the collusion invest .
mid 2nd   miller works around a one out walk  and gets strikeouts 3  amp  4 on the evening to post a shutdown top half  .
if the new killers album doesnt sound like hot fuss  2 and if brandon doesnt have a sweet brit boy accent im sta .
all good things must come to an end  and that includes multiplayer support for the original burnout paradise  email .
punya lah shutdown sampai alarm bunyi banyak kali tak tersedar.
   united airlines  profit doubles despite 737 woes  shutdown.
 zaidzamanhamid are you dumbo               what is the role played by pakistan in shutdown of jet airways      .
lovell  we re in high gain  we re going to have to have you go through the shutdown procedure on fuel cell 1  docki .
 kennykline7  edkrassen  ewarren it s what he and his companion do now since their ponzi scheme was shutdown .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify         .
mrazek is in shutdown mode  good lord.
recap    snhu softball shutdown stonehill 3 0 to earn a doubleheader split on thursday afternoon   story  .
 kirkovitch  markruffalo  aoc so are you saying shutdown current measures and go with nuclear  are you for the redu .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
6  when pelosi initially refused to give trump his state of the union before the house during the shutdown  that wa .
 socaltelevision  traffic  alert  gt     work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  losangeles on     .
   united airlines  profit doubles despite 737 woes  shutdown.
   work zone     water main break has all lanes shutdown  in  losangeles on hwy 27 sb after sherman wy  latraffic .
best of late night  kimmel suggests bernie sanderss cash heavy campaign could spend a bit on personalgrooming .
top ninth saw lockhart s shutdown inning  the cats are down by two in the final half       b9   uk 2  ut 4.
 realjack she should not eat again until ice is shutdown.
power shutdown in reasi  rajouri parts       rknew .
ian kennedy  shutdown reliever      just as the prophecy foretold.
 donaldjtrumpjr a govt clinical test to see how far a lap band can stretch before complete brain shutdown      it s getting close  folks .
taegi   system shutdown       hahahahahahahaha .
 michaeljknowles that s not quite fair the democrats were successful in aiding a government shutdown  they were suc .
 ewstephe  gtconway3d  ericgeller      you know    i asked putin if he interfered in the u s  elections   and he sa .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming    .
save up enough water everyone  there will be a water disruption in 577 areas in klang valley from april 24  this is .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
livestream conclusion        spiritomb isn t an insane god of fate in nightmare cup  but is definitely a for sure pick  .
 mnnaeemi  surferraj the question shouldnt be on  jetairways shutdown was bound to happen but question to be asked .
shutdown and the coolest parts of dollars a political agenda  dont know what i go to me many directions  will all dimensions.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st      gadget  technology.
who doesn t love a good eco extremist shutdown        extinction rebellion threatens to shut down heathrow  one of worl .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson lol   another  35 000 000 00 nothingburger compliments of the dems  all the crying .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 drbarrymarks  ridgewaygirl01  joeydeptofgood  benshapiro none of that is true  investigated thoroughly  no evidenc .
jarang jarang kilang nak shutdown  ni sekali dua hari shutdown ni boleh la kita jenjalan ni .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 sandbar490  jim jordan  repmarkmeadows  teamcavuto 100 full pages of damning facts in report   success  separating .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 xlu7vatiicx  xfatmanforever  thedivisiongame  ubisoftsupport try restarting your ps  either a restart or shutdown .
woman claims geeks are undateable  gets shut down saying shes promoting toxic masculinity  bored panda   smartnews.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
end of an era  bb       blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 bigglack62  barstoolsports  donatos i gotta tag keith he will show us how its done  just like shutdown .
          .
 danrather yes everything the president tweets  says does matter  no joking  as most of americans are suffering mor .
not saying that dem leadership is right to put the brakes on impeachment  but  cmon  the leadership set the stage .
 realsaavedra a most awesome shutdown   well done mr  ag.
karen bradley didnt get green orange politics  amp  hasnt made a noise in months despite brexit changes  amp  the stormon .
 northtorontoguy can we make room for shuttle buses to run up and down yonge in the event of a subway shutdown       an .
disheartened that a indian company with such a good stature had to shutdown their services entirely  i would like t .
fake incorrect windows startup and shutdown sounds   .
 repadamschiff  truefactsstated is it possible that barr shutdown the mueller investigation .
storm over  heathrow  lhr    the extinction rebellion good friday shutdown  tfrs  notams  alerts    cc  london  amp  .
 neurorebel i had meltdowns as a kid  but as i got older i learned to internalize it and now only shutdown .
new post from engadget rss feed   original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 trendingofertas .
hddssdhddhddcronshutdown.
 medisurgemi please  most companies that used  sterigenics1 as a sterilizer have been watching  amp  were notified that .
                  abp news .
original burnout paradise servers shut down august1st .
 cabbagetownmatt great picture   i feel the same way every time i read news of a ttc shutdown or delay.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   tech.
amanh  19 04  no shutdown dirio entrar no jogo o evento de pscoa  com o evento ser adicionada uma nova ilha co .
 archaeo girl it s always a problem to keep the drives on but it s but its system shutdown.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
blackberry messenger  bbm  to shutdown on may 31  2019     .
all good things must come to an end  and that includes multiplayer support for the original burnout paradise  email .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 neurorebel i shutdown in public and meltdown at home.
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson ah  but there is evidence  evidence that trump attempted to obstruct justice  like .
sygnomi us your children im aggravated they got my remotes and they have too many voodoo dolls i hope nobody blind .
woman  super hero fans are undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men   inerds   smartnews.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via engadget.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  all good things must come to an end  and that includes mu .
 neurorebel addendum  it was like depression mixed with a autistic shutdown  actually  but with some more intense s .
 pftbotmenter  stephenasmith  shutdown.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson crazy  thing is the w h  press along with the mainstream media went along peddling .
engadget  original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  via  ric9871ric  retweet .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
end 2   midland 4  frenship 1   effective shutdown inning for randall blanschett as he gets the tigers quietly despit .
whenever theres a mega shutdown its always  fete n fiesta    see you all next time   mun gode  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   engadget  tomgadget.
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st all good things must come to an end  and that includes mul .
 news .
 girlbye woman claims geeks are undateable  gets shut down saying shes promoting toxic masculinity   smartnews.
 kalarigamerchic 1  identity politics weaponized by the gop  regan nominated clarence thomas to replace thurgood ma .
kang tetiba shutdown .
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019   shuaib masoodi   farooq shah   nissar .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
.
 neurorebel i still have both  shutdown tends to happen if i can keep masking for long enough  meltdowns are still a thing tho.
 realbusman25  mattembury  dirofnolearning  dland91 furniture row wasn t shutdown because of a charter.
mama k got a whole ass minute speech and cory got shutdown  bbcan7 .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 anonduckndrake  tulsigabbard i p  system on the verge of being shutdown .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
          .
100  on the selke and defenceman award   they should create a top offensive defenceman award and leave the norris f .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
 itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters lazy  who was on vacation during the government shutdown  the dems .
 brooklynyenta  oohlalarouge1  drinkthetea1  nothotsince97  crownofsapphire  lynnebailey  peteyr13  wizkid101uk .
big inning   and big shutdown follows by baron stuart  now a career high 6 ip for the bulls    link to listen .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st .
 burnout  burnoutparadise original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st  .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   dangerousdriving  burnoutparadise  burnoutparadise  gaming.
what is meant by raspberry pi  soft shutdown   .
original  burnout paradise  servers shut down august 1st   .
 najmie naaaa hahaha woi ni bf sapa mental breakdown ni mohon shutdown segera.
 shutdown 21  illegrl  let s take it slow  don t rush  so  shall we start it ra .
miles 2 0   party  party   party      maddest rave coming like a wind    from    victor clarkson   back with a massive shutdo .
m7   uk 2  ut 1      we re stretching here at kpp after  danielharper09 blew through the top of the 7th with a shutdown .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
harper pitches a shutdown inning in the seventh to begin his night       m7   uk 2  ut 1.
wait it aint been shutdown  lol cut it out .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  via  chancehmiller.
apple  fix all macbook pro 2016 and later with stage light effect or backlight shutdown  flexgate   tandatangani pe .
 giggukaz for me   i was always aware that youtube won t be last long or would do something this  as a live streame .
additionally  due to the complexity of the braddock road station s platform repair project  metro says six more day .
bye bbm   after may 31 bbm will shutdown their s service  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 realdonaldtrump you ruined society what do u want the goverment to shutdown can u give me a good reason im always .
 people of space australia launched its own satellite in 1967  only the third nation to do so  sadly  it s believed .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
 bgot62  washingtonpost  nytimes  cspanwj  msnbc  cnn  whitehouse  presssec  potus  realdonaldtrump .
yankees lineup getting shutdown by homer bailey       .
 cryptobacon governmants just shutdown access to it via the onramp and oframp points     when someone expresses an op .
jet airways shutdown raises doubts on role of sbi  govt .
 bryanhoch nyy played well a couple games  feel like the way they are being completely shutdown tonight that they are playing astros.
come to face reality not only can a guy like homer bailey shutdown the  yankees but im sure a little leaguer can do the same.
 a silent child any issue with me keeping a copy of this on my phone to pull up if i start having issues  i m not u .
 unsuckdcmetro also why wasn t this addressed during safetrack when the station was shutdown for two months         .
the recent government shutdown left people shook  vulnerable and feeling hopeless        create a safe haven and have y .
just had a good old fashioned  the reporting has never left  when i hope everyone  even democrat shutdown  house residence.
 noahpinion  csilverandgold most people dont understand that this is a big effect of the senate  its not an effect .
 cerce32  kronik can you imagine a home affairs ministerial power after the lnp have terminated aunty and shutdown .
 deebadean   alongfatihah ok done bce this thread  now i know why during shutdown need to do 2x.
 neurorebel shutdown  self preservation        while shutdowns are basically the opposite of a meltdown in outward appe .
 casey4x1 no doubt    someday one of these countries are going to shutdown our banking system  an electrical grid    .
 snstats biggest problem for the flames is they aren t defending well which is supposed to be a strength and their .
 bunnyfenton  jonpessah  brycetache  proudresister  speakerpelosi she s done well in some areas e g  w gov shutdown .
 neurorebel if i shutdown  as i did yesterday  it is the pressure cooker of a painfully  barely repressed meltdown  .
what the l   how has the l train shutdown plan and it s sudden reversal affected you  special report on .
what the l   how has the l train shutdown plan and it s sudden reversal affected you  special report on .
umaabot ako sa point na sinusumpong ako ng emotional breakdown ko  i ll definetly shutdown and gonna cry  amp  cry  tha .
  i once try to rp with a starcraft rper on g  before it s shutdown  to costumer and brands   although he she agree .
 seanmack1025  pamwallace it does  first of all we dont know if it was shutdown  but if i am mueller  amp  see this un .
 nekocase i m reminded of how the last shutdown ended  the planes almost got grounded  so the rs gave in  we have t .
or strike out  luv to get shutdown by a guy signed to a minor league contract .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests   uk news   sky news .
 realdonaldtrump he didn t do anything because you would have whined like a        calling into question our very s .
 neurorebel maybe  i shutdown more than meltdown.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc      shutdown    listen on spotify   .
rip  blackberry messenger is shutting down next month   9to5mac   smartnews.
sign language isn t just for deaf people  it can be great for using with autistic kids and adults too  when i m exp .
 senbooker wow  gosh i am so tired of him and his shenanigans  he cant do right  he screwed up with the shutdown  .
 louisebagshawe i always assumed it was shutdown by barr and mueller wasnt allowed to speak about it   hopefully c .
it looks like the work on queen st is going to require a watermain shutdown at 10pm  queen st properties from graft .
 a silent child   pariah but my god i would be so scared if he had a meltdown and police were called i mean i m in .
man let him be him  i understand basketball is way more than that one game  he wasnt even shutdown he just lo .
 jaredlholt united constitutional patriots needs to be arrested and shutdown .
theyre getting shutdown by homer bailey  he went 1 14 and they cant do anything  being impatient doesnt help.
we need to run the systemctl shutdown command on this entire administration .
 a silent child   pariah this is awful when my fiance goes into a shutdown and full sensory overload the worst thin .
climate  protesters threaten  heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests .
when competition has caught up     it was a great messaging platform  .
 neurorebel just shutdowns  i m usually very talkative and friendly but in  shutdown mode   my eyes bug out in dist .
 jjonaklove is always 5 steps ahead of the enemy  that shutdown on the pharah was nasty  owl2019.
 parscale brad how could the russians hack hillarys email server 5hrs after trump asked them to  her server was sh .
 maydaymindy9 my thoughts exactly  i stayed away once the mueller investigation was shutdown  my head cant take anymore corruption .
 gossithedog unless you have an old lenovo laptop  like t410 or w510    w10 turned them into hot bricks and after a while they shutdown   .
 sullivanradio tom how could the russians try and hack hillarys email server 5hrs after trump asked them to  her s .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
 francisthesailr sadly i dont think dont back down is in their playlists  every time trump puffs out his lying .
hey  nycwater   really appreciate everything you do but it was a major disappointment to have prepared for water sh .
 dexterjmanning can someone finally shutdown this bullshit website .
 dcg1114  kentontilford favorable vs job approval  but yes  aside from roy moore  shutdown  a few other potms  poli .
 nieke aereta semoga semua polisi arogan indonesia lgsg di shutdown oleh allah.
 traffic alert       hwy 34 north is going to be shutdown in between wolfe city  amp  greenville due to a mva blocking the .
 actuallyautistic  askingautistics   do you have meltdowns shutdowns or both  i ve heard that often autistic people .
 tomhfh extinction rebellion  shutdown public transport and disrupt the lives of millions of working people      uk pop .
 christy e doyle  supdogsecu greenville should have shutdown downtown  uptown   and allowed for a halloween weeken .
 brianefallon he pissed me off during the shutdown  .
 zodiacrumor  dmhalix  andrewyang i started reading  nice positivity  no one gets  500 a month in snap  i used to g .
the whole broadway shutdown right now    .
 justins2828  raw1219  nemesiszerk  cptxecution jamal is also very physical  and rushes the pass  and stops the run .
 bookieekilla513 i never knew that  i had an app that showed any event in the world but it shutdown   youtube here i come.
april 5th 2019ad has past gruccio pepper desanto ruth  you botched two of the easiest cases on the planet and i hav .
ramsey gets his first shutdown inning of the night with two strikeouts and a grounding       m4   uk 0  ut 1.
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown  after 500 arrests  .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
lg bantuin dd bikin paper udh mau kelar lptp thrmal shutdown kan fakyu.
thank you chrome for saving my ass  been working on a wiki and then closed all tabs to the right as part of my shut .
 the lopetee  ovuenyenihi to shutdown those clubs we weren t able to go to  back then.
 hedge hopkins  thatsjustrood who is the frog  also  don t like pittard  with luke mcdonald and marley williams out .
 jontelang cydia store was shutdown cant download snapper2 i only buy snapper not snapper2 so if i want download .
 idgomez austin  iboomisoon  kyleumlang  nfldraft hes a 62 202lbs db who can line up anywhere on the field and sh .
the criminals of madhu s rape nd murder case in raichur should be punished badly  no media is supporting madhu s fa .
 overwatchleague  fusion  nyxl the only thing that got shutdown is ur stream.
just fyi        numbness is a feeling      shutdown is a feeling      not wanting to deal with your feelings is a feeling       hat .
dustin has been leaving our house at 5 30 every morning and not getting home until 11 12 at night bc hes on shutdo .
 senatemajldr you call yourself a leader  but what exactly are you a leader of  youve been a spineless person sinc .
love bro  shutdown soon  .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests     police have told climate chan .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
angry woman shutdown linda sarsour during ilhan omar supporters protest  via  youtube.
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped   federal news network  .
great reactions to the london protests from all walks of life  encouraging       .
 sweatnp   alternate815 you were losing to shutdown while me and jumpy were about to fly out for a cage match brawl .
 sighs  i miss my sofia so much since g  shutdown idk if she has any other social media .
 kalil james forget van dijk  he can go fly a kite  when pogba scores he shutdown the city lights.
 speakerpelosi nancy  get over it  your narrative was totally wrong    now  please tell us why you had so many fami .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters ultimately trump wasn t trying to shutdown the investigation because of anything he .
rep t j cox  d ca  campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown .
 teampelosi trump   failed immigration reform    failed wall    longest government shutdown in the history of our country .
 appoo pratt  fivethirtyeight it ll be interesting to watch the polls  up until now  as i like to call the group  t .
 mscrispss listen to shutdown  issa bangerrrrrrrr.
dont shutdown flow on tmx  charge a toll on every barrel  captive market  make the toll at least equal to the  3 b .
 jasminebarmer my friend i met during the govt shutdown while playing pokmon  .
 malaysia four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 .
 chseanheart i think the key is to brush him off as if hes a pesky gnat  as if hes not worth any attention  as if .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters failed immigration reform    failed wall    longest government shutdown in the history .
i love good friday and easter sunday   the blessed peace that descends and tranquility due to less traffic  and sho .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
 eintracht eng please patch your openssh version  unless you want me to shutdown your services  you have 90 min .
 rbdublei  parkskmbz       that literally took 10 seconds.
rip bbm .
 juddlegum yep  asking how it will play politically is arranging deck chairs on the titanic  there s not an america .
might take a time out from ukg n that             lets start getting back on drums  amp  jungle  cos ive shutdown many se .
 frankfurtghoul .
 erinmarieeg amen that s happened way too many times this season already it s like we forgot way shutdown  inning is.
failed immigration reform    failed wall    longest government shutdown in the history of our country    failed healthcar .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  via  chancehmiller.
 gop  kellyannepolls failed immigration reform    failed wall    longest government shutdown in the history of our coun .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
  bitcoinsv  jimmywinmedia wakeup jimmy  actions have consequences  cw was threatening  daily  in writing  amp  via int .
voc descobre que seu pai  besta quando ele odeia o trump pq resolveu decretar o shutdown no meio das nossas ferias.
    .
i never wanted a shutdown inning either .
 windows shutdown sound effect plays softly in the background  .
 hoofnagle it sounds like the timing at least was never that clear  .
ugh there goes the shutdown inning.
 rainey571 surprise  we shutdown your system for 4 months because we werent taking care of it  good luck with your core mission    wmata.
updated aws  ecs  taskdefinition      use the dependson property to specify the dependencies defined for container star .
 aylafortrump  tpinsidr that would be a liberal extinction level event  please go ahead strike till we shutdown ice      notgonnahappen.
why shutdown ice  all you do is complain  what positive things have you done   visit the homeless    rashidatlaib .
we have to shutdown all united all over the world .
 shutdown .
when these morons bring the transport system to a halt  how are they going to go on their cheap booze cruises to fr .
 jasonortitay  repturzai  pahousegop an elected official in western pa  you should be concerned about the thousands .
.
as a working class lad whos seen robust police response on picket lines  theres a dark part of my soul that loo .
 lisamarieboothe mueller knew it from the get go  he was in it to make some      had to go long  to justify his bil .
shutdown strike observed in iok against so called indian elections  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming .
hopefully getting grant money soon that was supposed to come before the government  shutdown        i just want to look .
thinking of ways to shutdown certain peaceful protests and free speech i don t like  any ideas .
a really good summary video here extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
nothing that water cannon  amp  rubber bullets wouldnt sort      climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  .
 live video  former khsu staff discuss station s shutdown with keet .
i gather some of the arrested climate protesters demanded to be released from police custody as they had planes to .
function timetosleep           logoff shutdown        .
 eggtuallyrbx hey after the shutdown i lost my key to the space ship  and i have done every step for the key again .
i spoke about the government shutdown as well as my story on  hawkinsx  realadvice show    my full story can be read .
 scottspetal we dont have ac guess we will just die  last summer the entire country went into shutdown because we .
 gop so we forgot the shutdown already   both sides have done approximately zero for the people to advance freedom  .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 feistywah i bsod  autistic meltdown shutdown  pretty regularly  but not daily       i find myself somewhat fascinated .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
 princess onyx jungle should go wherever is best for them  typically go to other lanes to get ahead  then go to the .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  .
blackberry messenger shutting down next month  new ios app for enterprise users coming  by .
 besmeam ska vi ba inte ba bli en taz angle vi hade gjort shutdown deras snapstory.
 pomsan13 .
 darhar981  panchimpanzee  dailycaller please do     dont eat till ice is shutdown     problem solved lol.
 saracarterdc wasnt he on the bus for the taxpayers expense vacation passed off as important business trump ended .
 tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle    realdonaldtrump should not rebut the report   and  rudygiuliani shoul .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests .
 totallyjoeking i knew this fat guy once who had retard strength  he was like an ant  could move like 6000 times hi .
 gallerychapel it s any of them   does it with firefox or chrome  reopens to whatever tabs i had open when i shutdo .
 cnn and barr shutdown the mueller investigation.
t town literally going into shutdown but gamestop still trucking smh.
our first warning came  i think  when they gave up their shutdown and effectively abandoned dreamers to the courts .
 sweetiebot3  windows me shutdown noise .
reading  kanesimms  post on the  invocablehq shutdown  amp  his point about  tree based design  got me thinking   with .
 ingrahamangle and if this was report on obama  hypocrites are getting old  we will see where liar in chief lands  .
 shutdown the abc     mark latham        sell off the abc     mark latham         why won t the drum have one nation on  wh .
employees of ava show up for work in tempe to dea raid  amp  now the pain management facility is shutdown for allegedly .
is the recent airport shutdown a black eye for columbia regional airport  some customers say yes  but  flyfromcou a .
 runzwithknives  tamisawyer  breenewsome lets take it to the airports       what stopped the first muslim ban  disrupt .
is the recent airport shutdown a black eye for columbia regional airport  some customers say yes  but  flyfromcou a .
 xbox why is it  250 for being strictly down loadable games also why not include the most recent forza game doesn t .
 priorygroup you should be damn well ashamed the way those teenagers were treated in your establishments  i hope yo .
 cnet the shutdown is said to affect dozens of users .
2010 memories of days bbm  i feel sad if shutdown application        bbm.
 jessemeester as someone from a secular society  you should know theres no god  second  the fat blob you admire ca .
 acosta  alliemalcnn somebody tell  presssec the trump shutdown is over  stop collecting paychecks for doing nothing .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 aoc  peterjhasson  rashidatlaib your job is getting a fy2020 budget authorization out and to the senate for a vote .
shutdown    .
 edentheplanet  strwar  ditatorj  camellia alexan  handsomeconser1  everyrisingsun   mongo3804  immoralmajori t .
 mary60053440 it s shutdown that is why.
the  government  shutdown didn t alter  smb s confidence in  sales prospects  what do you think      smallbusinesses .
shutdown  skepta  bigmood.
 nowplaying osi   shutdown  listen  live at .
hey  eggtuallyrbx  this is the 15th shutdown today  and i was in the middle of a thing       why would you release a br .
 tytlive  tytlive mueller s investigation was shutdown early  you can tell by the report saying he didn t have enou .
 totaltrafficrdu  fd advised that the left 2 lanes are shutdown   imap   on scene  .
every night we are facing extra power shutdown without any reason  although we are facing already 8 hours scheduled .
 egghuntrbx  etherealviper  roblox try it now and tell me what happens  i just shutdown.
i install mageia 7 beta 3 on dell    but a lot of bugs in atom windows tablet    no boot grub2  no wifi  no shutdown  k .
dunno who decided to shutdown exit 289 on 40 for the  nhlcanes game tonight  but it was a horrible idea  backed up worse than monday.
shutdown  s  t 15  c  xau .
 edentheplanet  strwar  ditatorj  camellia alexan  handsomeconser1  everyrisingsun   mongo3804  immoralmajori t .
breaking i 77 sb shutdown near rock hill following vehicle crash  im told it started when cmpd was following this .
 minemenclub them whitelisting the test thingy was like club penguins shutdown   .
coinbase launches crypto to fiat debit card in the uk  filling gap left by shift shutdown   the block .
 berniesanders siemens deserves shutdown   this company have to be in america with a strong headquarter    and transfer  know how     .
aliens ignored on the nyc subway  mta released l train shutdown map  tompkins sq  park renovates small dog run .
 steveiam4msu  speakerpelosi donnie obstructed justice ten times  amp  barr shutdown the investigation early  uh oh donnie is in big trouble  .
today  it was a shutdown  democrats must be having served our last night at the senate for president  run for.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
meet the man behind the  heathrow shutdown attempt  the police need to start getting tough w .
in koble s 2019  smallbiz sales and growth confidence survey  we found that the government shutdown didn t alter .
downgrading back to high sierra tomorrow        mojave is annoying me     1  lag issues  after long periods w o shutdown  .
the day dems won midterms    trumpshutdown wasnt the only shutdown operation shut down mueller went into full sw .
 neodem  dextersservant  sarahkendzior mueller shutdown    that needs investigation .
 girlsreallyrule i read it  i skipped through info already public though  but woah the amount of communication with .
 cnnsitroom  jahimes hey fakenews  cnn  you interviewed a union boss posing as a worker while still collecting unio .
 shutdown .
 brian99oo  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters why are you too lazy to read the report   keep drinking t .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters to have shutdown the treasonous operations in doj and hogtie them  removing them fr .
we have gotten told that  epicgames may shutdown  fortnitegame as to many conflicts with the goverment  we will bri .
breaking i 77 sb shutdown near rock hill following vehicle crash  im told it started when cmpd was following this .
 sportscenter  apooch its almost like he didn t have that triple double and shutdown defense last game   .
14 st  between 6th an 7th aves had metered parking spots changed to no standing in difference to the coming l train .
fyi .
what is the story re rosenstein  first he lets himself be used in the firing of comey  then he acts in a seemingly .
 cursedvideos open run  and type shutdown  a.
 celesteblue123  notzecoxao  starmelter  lapy05575948 btw i need to ask you something  when i transfer huge files v .
4 years flew the fuck by   crazy man    somethingwonderful  thecottonbowl  severeweather  shutdown .
mta maps l train service changes and alternative transit options ahead of partial shutdown   6sqft .
the revised partial shutdown of the l begins  with suspended service weeknights until april 26  free williamsburg .
l train overnight shutdown   am new york .
 realdonaldtrump no    this reveals a traitor willing to use foreign assistance to rise to power  amp  then once there  .
 alamri17 naser  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters straight to jail  he obstructed justice 10 times  amp  barr shutdown th .
 brian99oo  lindasuhler  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters read the report lazy  10 times donnie obstructed justice  b .
  administrator     ping   myself     myself  ping  32       myself     lt 1ms        myself  ping   .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us      share information post   .
 realsaavedra well  no  that was not a shut down and i would expect you trumpets to know what a shutdown looks like .
 .
 lemonsalt101  bloxguys  georgethedev nope  blox guys shutdown last year  core wars is dead and gone forever to my knowledge .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests    .
 jmyzt  apotato95869696  discordapp you are only 12 you are not old enough to own a twitter or discord account  tha .
except  a  best coach ever   b  goat   c  shutdown defense that held rams to 3 points in the super bowl   d  offens .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
 flyerspucksauce i like his age  that he is right handed  and that he can shutdown top forwards  im a fan .
 heavenpegasus you should do a viewing where you watch toontown shutdown youtubes .
only a few at the fbi may have actually been actively involved  but the rank and file either went along or stayed s .
 pomsan13 .
the company responsible for a bridge shutdown at the height of thanksgiving travel due to an unexpected chemical re .
 cubs ricky  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters no you re too lazy to read the report  10 times donnie obstructed justi .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite govt shutdown .
 bhindepmo i figured that was coming  but probably backlogged due to the shutdown  etc  .
 beegorbucleor  leecamp  washingtonpost yup       even if you didn t know that  the virtual unanimous media shutdown ov .
 berniesanders i think we need to put all members of congress through the same type of rigorous investigation  it i .
 lesliecrawford0 hi  hope you are enjoying today  i and an army of folks shutdown radio clash today  hope you got some relief   .
 coachella is still on awon temi ni nigeria we are all looking forward in seeing burnaboy  amp   wizkidayoshutd .
tampa bay rays pitching prospect brent honeywell jr  shutdown with forearm      tbrays   .
air traffic controllers  working unpaid  sue u s  over shutdown   wallst.
 natewl  realgstubbs  ncaafnation247 he suffered from tendonitis  which was complications from his acl surgery the .
      forsberg   johansen   arvidsson   1 goal  1 assist combined in the series        mdefranks details how the stars  sh .
 67stiofan  marc ohara mate ma heid hurts reading half your points man  football as a whole would be shutdown if y .
our it support tried to update all our computers from office 16 to office 19  excited to get shiny new screens but .
so wait    was mueller shutdown     obstructionofjustice     impeachtrump .
 crunchyslice my vagina just made the windows shutdown noise.
 darhar981  jamierodr14  dailycaller lmao  let them not eat  ice is still going to be around and not shutdown .
 andreachalupa  speakerpelosi ohh nancy s legacy will include all the vile things done during her time w  the gavel .
i was just saying this earlier  came in from work to the parish being shutdown   .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests      as th .
 financebuzz  trublumarin  realalitweets  duty2warn see youtube of trump saying        total and complete shutdown of .
 nu mindframe for me it s mostly not being familiar of how to act or respond  total shutdown basically  purely unin .
 cnn   hope your collective heads explode  just think  in 2020  they probably will  such an embarrassing day for yo .
 tbtimes rays is that normal its been 11 months i think cobb and moore was shutdown when they were coming back.
thank you  bbm  it has been a great ride with lots of wonderful experience  shutdown in peace  .
 kdotnel  evgenimaikinego the problem is the pens do not have a shutdown defensive pairing  they cannot get that wi .
 tsspdclcorporat please shutdown 1912 line  it s always busy or doesn t connect  not really sure who manages it or .
 broadwayredd  krassenstein dont be stupid and fall for the lies  that s your responsibility   not the partys      or .
  nick alex   halomoma  benshapiro and  again  that s completely irrelevant to trump firing comey to shutdown the r .
 tim reid79  jollybloke  737pilotpaul  johnnicholraf  aoc 1 group whats the difference between a harrier pilot and .
 xn kazuma on the next govt shutdown ill still be getting paid to work tho.
 ggreenwald if oj simpson was the police chief  obstructed  amp  tried to shutdown the investigation into himself  woul .
 cnn cnn needs to just basically shutdown at this point  currently watching your slimeball panelists studder to spi .
 dl eonaleth and of course stream done right before server shutdown xd.
professional performance tonight by the  arsenal  fantastic result  shutdown the doubters  on to the semis against .
however  in order for alberta  amp  sask to cut emissions by 30  they d have to shutdown large parts of their energy se .
it is the shutdown i dont take advantage of doing  big bend region  where we will be having a.
the shutdown hasnt even started yet and its already been extended  chances of this ending on time seem approximat .
here is the windows xp shutdown    remember this .
right    for a long time ive been trying to work out where i recognise the ending of under pressure and ive fin .
 illshootureye landlords are jacking pricesback up now that there isn t a full shutdown .
 benandjerrys ok  you start   shutdown your business that relies on farting cows to make your product .
i need a social media shutdown.
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests    .
 rays pitching prospect brent honeywell jr  shutdown with forearm soreness .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after more than 500 arrests   uk news   sky news .
 bouncepassos shutdown by jokic  plumlee and millsap  yikes .
 inthelionsden  i am calling for a complete shutdown of leadership twitter handles until we know what the hell is g .
 v eektor  biyitheplug shutdown every club in israel .
 footballscoop really sad when aaf shutdown  thought their concept of being a developmental league was great  any w .
uk to shutdown porn  meanwhile  all the tight asses in charge are clutching their pearls and being sexual deviants .
 owenawhaley he was saying the same thing their last vacation during shutdown .
 sad not sad  tblightning  therealcally24  ryancallahanfdn he did  no way they blow a 3 goal lead with callys shutdown ability in game 1 .
 cinderella1  diamondandsilk  bretbaier  shepnewsteam  chriswallace he could to shutdown this investigation   those .
 cayenneamor my sister was murdered the day i was supposed to see you    i totally shutdown    so idk why you blocked me.
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
how the affordable housing industry managed the government shutdown together    propertymanager  chicago.
 aoc while i agree the cover of the post was over the top  please remember many nyers work there  there have been t .
totally agree here  the old workmans spark that all media outlets are touting is total speculation yet any other .
 wenmama2  thelmab06893137  marilynlavala  sweets10111  wagonknoggin  matron2020  macshivers  amwcb6179  shyanson .
shutdown   staying in the great news .
 julioalexo  shelter fang  andrewyang nope  he s calling for uniform regulation so you don t have conflicting regul .
coh players  even diehard political junkie players  today are like   mueller who        the days ahead are probably goi .
did anyone warn netflix about the l train non shutdown shutdown  .
  nick alex   halomoma  benshapiro trump s personal feelings about the counterintelligence investigation is irrelev .
 coachporterwr  shutdown  technician.
 appellatecorrea  cnn sinclair tv  state run   shutdown fox bullshit .
psa  raising money as debt complicates shutdown a great deal because any forgiven debt is considered income to the .
 manzoor65096707 single buyer upfront tariffs in the power sector have capacity payments all over the world  withou .
trump tried to shutdown the mueller investigation       trump repeatedly abused his powers as president to undermine an .
 ddale8 reminds me of when trump referred to the shutdown as a  strike  .
 schentrupr this is something that can cause a severe panic attack and a complete mental shutdown for a day    for me   yay .
shutdown  18 april 2019  i spotted this ancient colour tv at the tip today  and it reminded me of the rediffusion t .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
last night was fvcking amazing      baddestdjtimmy brought down fire  and  peruzzi vibes shutdown the whole place .
barr must have given him the same stuff  realdonaldtrump gave  vp in that oval office shutdown meeting  the one whe .
stars  shutdown line quieting nashville s top offensive threats   it s not easy keeping those      national hockey .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 offerup why has my account been shutdown again .
l train non shutdown starts 4 26  .
 theamazemanrblx and thats where this comes handy .
 billoreilly ive shutdown all tv coverage   mueller said nothing to see here after almost 2 yrs   im convinced  .
the shutdown and national border.
no shutdown frame  falese with rbi double  moore bangs 2 run triple off fence to deepest part of field  mangione rb .
it services shutdown during the york flood in 2015  this  proca paper looks at the economic impact of the shutdown .
 boldasaur shutdown .
a terrorist promoting another terrorist on  twitter platform       irgcterrorists are the iri s primary means of direct .
the entire city of baton rouge shutdown for a minor thunderstorm and a few hours of mild rain    .
hi everyone    we re looking for material handlers  amp  scaffolders in the quesnel area for a pulp  amp  paper mill shutdown .
we need a total and complete shutdown of philosophers until our philosophers can figure out what s going on  .
np shutdown    phynofino     dreamlounge with  marcswagz  throwbackthursday  thekingisback.
 adamwayne11  ilhanmn he literally called for a total and complete shutdown  of the entry of muslims to the united states .
 lowermybills your company should be shutdown by the justice department for such lies.
 selina3sticks  dunny0 people think there s unlimited assistance but if that was the case then during the shutdown .
 matteodonneo  sweeney aidan  eamonryan odd  there are entire sections of the city where local residents will loose .
 bri963  sethrorabaugh  billmeltzer i forgot that they rebranded him as a shutdown defensive player.
1 in 10 airport screeners are calling in sick  experts are worried  but some have solutions .
the way bbm shut down that is how iphone will shutdown someday so please don t insult abuse people over material th .
it will be a day of victory as debt burden will be offloaded for sim cards with soft loans left right and center i  .
is chelsea playing football   what is the problem with our players in the second half   complete shutdown   nonsense       chesla.
 hangrymale the people laid off were probably problematic employees and companies now had an excuse to get rid of t .
 postsubman  bbm abeg       shutdown dear     una don try.
 authorkimberley that drop was due to the govt shutdown not some buzzfeed article .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify            .
shutdown in poll bound areas  internet suspended  resumed  .
i guess once trump gets rid of all the allies and weakens the country in every way he possibly can and is doing  re .
stars  shutdown line quieting nashville s top offensive threats   it s not easy keeping those three off the scoresh .
 tomswarbrick1  lbc  jcbua  cjudgewhwg  demsabroaduk who else can get away with publicly broadcasting that they int .
 albanesejoe believe it   albanesejoe  buzzfeed article came out on 1 18 19   the gov shutdown was part of it  .
 shimza01  amstelsa would do literally anything for this jacket shimza .
 get the water cannons ready heathrow  blast the smelly fuckers back into their holes .
uscis needs to keep digital records for the stream of people looking to work in the country    moving e verify to t .
b1   morgan gailor had a nice shutdown inning in the circle for the lady tigers  retiring the order in 12 pitches       cu leads 3 0       wearecu.
pelosi wont move for impeachment but hey  remember when she won a standoff with a petulant child who backed himsel .
 vanilalewd i needed it  my body is about to shutdown.
 fortnitegame please shutdown your game for three hours so i can have a turn on the fucking xbox.
 elienyc he was saving them for last  but got shutdown by barr   in my opinion that is evident now .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped   federal news network  .
how to shutdown a heart and mute a mind .
have the police interviewed them about the gatwick drones    extinctionrebellion    gatwickairport   drones      meet the .
 theblaze that s not much of a shutdown .
we need more building blocks for hardware       google shutdown project ara  module mobile phones       i want a modular ca .
and it couldve been avoided if we had just spent some money in the off season  and dont you dare mention the name .
donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of mexicans entering the united states.
 .
 fogmount  realdonaldtrump wow  you guys are great at reading this  i was following his tweets since 2 weeks before .
crypto a whole diff beast .
 45 schedule why  time to declas to shutdown their games .
 faisalusuf  nubesque  tinkersec i m not talking about spending money  i m talking about refusing to shutdown isola .
 lisa scaccia  origdixon  realjameswoods yes they re still open  my point being is they were planned to be shutdown .
old richmond rd between jacks creek pike and damar dr is being intermittently shutdown due to a fire dept incident .
 .
no one has ever said that to me   shutdown  skrrrrskrrrr.
 realjameswoods another republican failure  but it s been 85 years since they ve had a spine  these kinds of commen .
 dailycaller advocating the shutdown of the us congress because you are not getting your way       wow .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown    leisure breaks   amp  much needed vacation takes cash  is t .
 scasey09  spcombustion  pbump no investigation was shutdown  nothing was obstructed  can t wait to see why and by .
n j  approves  300 million annual subsidy for nuclear industry that threatened shutdown  .
a very good read .
 salzburg is a great place  but the city sleeps pretty early  supermarkets also shuts down around 7pm  buy your booze before they shutdown .
don t be afraid of another government shutdown  liquor stores are run by the states .
 raymond hatt they should not draft soderstrom at 10  bpa will be a forward  also  i highly doubt juolevi will be a .
 theteamibrahim  peterdaou what an ignorant thing to say   shutdown   she didnt blink   trump caved .
srinagar  apr 18  cns kashmir observed a complete shutdown on thursday  even as several protesters and forces perso .
shutdown  clashes on polling day inkashmir .
in spite of that being a nasty career experience  i learned some valuable lessons about what not to do in managemen .
ima need lou will shutdown tonight chief  klaythompson.
meet the man behind the  heathrow shutdown attempt  the police need to start getting tough w .
 6point626  cflav  jeremy cf lin nuclear plants are built for extreme weather events with 1000 and 10000 years retu .
last weeks shutdown by truck drivers is history  looking back  it appears to not have produced the results organiz .
 cir palestine  basemn63  omarsshakir the palestinian struggle and narrative is being shutdown deliberately    justiceforpalestine.
notification  the power will be shutdown in reese tomorrow  4 19  from 7 8 a m  there will be no electrical power t .
for the morons who actually think our defense was completely awful  look at the stats of letang  schultz  pettersso .
 dailycaller common guys  shutdown ice  they keep nabbing my terrorist friends at the southern border .
drivers stuck in traffic jam sympathize with  extinctionr activists  people need to understand the effects of clim .
and its shutdown       louistheroux  louistheroux .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  pseg had threatened to close reactors .
price of preserving a massive supply   gt 50   of a states carbon free energy   4 month to avoid co2 from new natural .
 elienyc  realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr maybe he would have  if not being shutdown before he was done .
 nycsouthpaw from various twitter entries  barr might have forced the shutdown  did you see rosenstein s face at ba .
the  shine pix secret cinema club is in full swing  started with a g amp t and a bit of freddie now its bbq pringles a .
literal mental shutdown   shaky hands   mood swing       it can only be one thing  severe hunger .
yeah and i shutdown and stop listening to them .
 cryptobacon  edpownall  whiterabbitbtc  calvinayre untouchable              trust me i been in the .
makes me wonder how many of them fly off on holiday   and the students amongst them whomtravel via plane on their .
 grantcohn you forgot greg roman is the ravens oc  you and i alone could shutdown his offense.
 fox4 good lets get them shutdown.
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
 1mikemorris  kevinashe1  mikeggibbs i agree the policies of the left have always been way more progressive  and in .
belediyeler shutdown.
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
msg operation   message  shutdown .
dirty shut down in hybrid deployment   .
 tafkam08 people forget too soon  trump made america look like soviet russia with that shutdown stunt  .
 rbdublei  parkskmbz donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united s .
 mrkmrte  trucollector74  therightmelissa  realdonaldtrump oh so you think there was no reason to shutdown trumps c .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests    get some warm wat .
there so shutdown of that hu which.
shutdown in city  no internet on electionday  .
 gt fatal error    gt shutdown program .
 fatcatwitch moi l on m avait reproch mon  insubordination   parce que lors d un jour de cong ou en fait j avais .
kalian terlalu sibuk dengan quick count  bahwa bbm messanger sudah di shutdown       thanks for being my memories  many .
shutdown pc ku    kasian  udah berminggu2 ga mati  cuma sleep aja     istirahat dulu ya nak       besok kita mbutgawe lagi.
the team that passes on haskins in favor of jones      the team that thinks jonah williams cant play tackle      the team .
 wendys nah  how about ya shutdown all wendys locations nationwide .
in other news  natl finance center just ruined easter weekend for hardworking families  not getting paid til monday .
the company shutdown their official reddit page because it was getting too many complaints  on facebook  it appears .
yes   their last broadcast when they sign off for the last time saying    we tried but we couldn t fool those that refu .
 zomatoin  zomato  zomatocare wah   what bullshit service  waiting hungry by believing you guys  you people will ki .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
you couldnt back him into a corner no matter how hard you try  these stupid media clowns arent used to being shut .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
 nicolledwallace you are a loser  amp  a moron   you should be fired  amp  sued for spreading fake news   suggest you go on .
shutdown caused surge for e verify  but modernization helped .
so far  the police in london have been pathetic at allowing this climate mob to feel empowered  so the police comma .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown  .
 makemytripcare  makemytrip your are working on this from 14april before this shutdown announced you are just fooli .
de blasio wont speak to the fate of a 14th street busway until an announcement hes planning next week  next week .
 lockitup  jags  shutdown 2 0 .
service outage  steam shutdown at teachers  education bldg  planned  more info at .
 lsarsour  yamamerchants so it s ok for you to talk hatred but when the media reports fact  you want it shutdown    .
was it your karma that led to the shutdown of your career  may be no  because it never started   .
 makemytripcare  shutdown  makemytripcare  makemytrip  worst.
reading the mueller report has really got me thinking         we should have a total and complete shutdown of old white .
 iacroixcan  obiwontons freeze dried mangoes from trader joe s are s tier snacks  even tho i had an allergic reacti .
                        .
 come on ground  prisonreformmvt  mimsyyamaguchi  rolandsmartin again   you cant prove anything you are saying  jus .
21 horas e j estou com as baterias super fracas  tipo meu crebro est a fazer shutdown.
this vile  racist   homophobic behaviour needs to be shutdown immediately   mjstans  leavingneverland  mjguilty .
.
 kyleorl  rockabettyyogi  page88  espiers well  the shutdown did seem to happen mid investigation   .
 945thebuzz not a knock against chester  but he was part of a group  it s as much about the rap and instruments as .
uk news  police have told climate change protesters who plan to shut down heathrow airport tomorrow will face a  .
 anjalivbhatt it was delayed by exactly 35 days of the shutdown  so i guess tomorrow is the official deadline .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite govtshutdown  .
 soniandtv while  sadhvipragya is being fabricated by congress to malign  hindus  she can contest elections as per .
 realdonaldtrump    819contd    countdown565       shutdown   good    lessgovernment      big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests         ephgraves comme .
new on measles outbreak in nyc     3 parents issued summonses  face 1 000 fines for not getting their exposed kids va .
republicans are in lock step with trump on shutdown  but for how long  .
 oneminutebriefs  lynne mount  mypaintbrushuk  iam jlc  realbobmortimer  visitrudyard  fortnums  norton ceo .
 johngrahamdick1  sebgorka gitmo is a military law    everything is being handled by the american legal system    today .
because  electricity too cheap to meter   .
sabse zyada frustrating internet shutdown nai hota hai  2g speed hoti hai  ugh .
this google service will shut down on april 2  heres everything you need to know   yourstory .
no one                                                                skyward  lemme just shutdown .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt        watch him confronted with facts about what the uk is actually .
 euphorialdn sunday shutdown  euphorialdn.
 powerfailure  powercut for third time from 12 20am in beml layout 6th stg  thubarahalli  2hr shutdown already done .
 kj1958  1romans58 more than likely  after the cia was stopped when haspell was appointed and was directed to shutd .
windows 10 online course from go groopie         get yourself equipped for the latest office t .
 rockthecasbah88 sick of wee daft trolls getting peoples accounts banned  amp  shutdown .
power shutdown .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc              shutdown    listen on spotify    .
 betrayal mix  amy siskind we didnt win the house without 35 40 moderate candidates       certain parts of the country .
too many snakes on here sometimes making people lock their accounts  if you dont like them then dont follow o .
 jarzt  vinbarone  transalt  pedestriantom the planned 14th street busway for the l train shutdown was bus only  wh .
  shutdown  option              option     h         r                 sudo shutdown  h now          shutdown  r  t 20    20 .
wishing everyone an amazing easter weekend  but for those travelling and going away via heathrow airport   check b .
feels like were on a tipping point somehow    the crazies are finally convincing the regular guys .
my body    going into shutdown mode   it started as a headache it s getting worse .
shutdown      catch y all .
.
 shutdown 21 hiya.
tomorrow night will be a shutdown my bro bro dem  grizzli b and  dj skanks celebrating their birthday  .
 sidhwanisunny  ptshrikant  myogiadityanath  emofficeup  sdpachauri1  satishmahanaup  minofpower  pfclindia .
the shutdown continues to impact government services  and it will for a while  here s a snapshot of how  irsnews wa .
one of the only areas to have seen rents decline was northern brooklyn  where an oversupply of inventory has remain .
 im a bumbler  amadeusivan  imrockytwo  sammytheboxer  greyhoundmickey .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in cybersecurity   fedtech magazine   .
hdhejejjsjsjs omg im ont the floor laughing the windows shutdown jsjndnndnd .
 fortgifts he s a scammer everyone  he blocked my account cause i was exposing him for being a scammer  everyone re .
michael badnarik  constitutional preservation  cnn vaccine denialism  nyc preschool shutdown  infant medical extrem .
during shutdown  make sure display switch is set to phenomenal.
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests .
 alexiaajordan24 you said monahan has produced in previous leagues but so has lazar thats my point  monahan has be .
 cursedvideos  or  shutdown  a  .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead .
 cursedvideos  gt he doesn t know about  shutdown  a .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown    jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
480 arrests  it s odd but you don t get that level of arrests at a so called  far right  protest       the left are hyp .
shutdown against indian elections being observed in occupied kashmir    ozerkha  .
un shutdown mental me vendra .
 sammy5586  d2derrick  morpheusdezion  sportsdean  rocktredblood  wash10181  ricknsugarland  cj4011  iamwendums .
the government shutdown will cost more than trump s  5 billion border wall funding  according to experts .
shutdown sa ko.
sarcasm by a lying lawyer is hardly viewed as a shutdown   better description    an ethical showdown  .
 tweetle49081143  michellesplant  tedlieu  realdonaldtrump  aoc and some freshman reps can definitely add some clas .
so this is what it was about  congress  couldve  caused a shutdown when it was under gop control  if they cared en .
oh yeah back to me not being okay user vhopegay has shutdown.
  ajengwulan kepalanya di shutdown dulu biar relax.
 alexiaajordan24 when johnny is shutdown we see the real monahan  all his goals are because of johnny .
podcast  sasol lowers production expectations due to extended secunda shutdown .
bbm officially shutdown 31st of may  2019  the good old days of bbm pins  time to say good bye .
the bpu sold out the ratepayers and renewable energy today by going along with this unnecessary nuclear subsidy   .
podcast  sasol lowers production expectations due to extended secunda shutdown .
jet airways did a wow   jetairwayscrisis  wowairlines  shutdown.
 kylegriffin1 it says somewhere that they determined not to subpoena the potus because it would have significantly .
 speakerpelosi the public trust wants to know why you had so many family members scheduled to fly on the congressio .
update on bbm shutdown     blackberry had sold bbm consumer to emtek    emtek is the one shutting down bbm messenger    i .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   do you know him            .
 kelectricpk facing power shutdown once again  this time without any informed schedule  kindly get it resolved asap.
 trustbustinboi  jurisdudence  50megatonfbomb also  refuse to follow their instructions  like what the flight contr .
 if the liberal dancing plod cant be arsed to move these people  has the gov thought about e .
 sajidjavid ahem   to me it seems the climate protestors present no violence apart from to jeremy corbyns fence  .
 vickihls i called all this  what about nunes  the entire gop needs to be thrown away  just resign en masse and mig .
 goodnight                           shutdown     byebye     stayblessed     takecare        .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests .
first lets talk about your avi that you just casually changed    then this picture   waow so you just want to casuall .
easter comedy  nigeria comedian senator arrives forshutdown .
 julieslalonde should we all just get off twitter  i know that sounds extreme but if we shutdown the vehicle for ha .
        20             .
 dogman1013 if he obstructed justice there would be no mueller report or investigation because it would have been s .
i wouldnt mind so much if the protesters actually had a clue about climate change   extinctionrebellion  .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
we need a complete shutdown on philosophy majors doing anything until we can figure what the hell is going on .
 colrichardkemp it s the kmer rouge all over again       .
 mark a longoria  michiokaku yeap  i remember the failed  literally  emergency shutdown test .
 repdancrenshaw did you explain to them why your party chose to not pay them during the shutdown .
time to shutdown naples .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   .
tomorrow is the day if you havent gotten your tickets get them now  endlessentmedia  endlessent llc  you dont wan .
shutdown  r now  daily.
it is simple to deal with   meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt  via  guidofawkes.
despite swamp thing shutdown  dc universe isn t in any trouble  .
it underscores to all of the american public the need to try to focus on emergency savings   sarahffoster via .
body system shutdown  huy self.
 bastisitolp  michiokaku chernobyl was caused by a power surge during an emergency shutdown test       the stuck valve was tmi .
 patriqt 1776  boneyarddem  majoad5  jdd2169  l ei8ht  paulcolby2  mick719  carlvegaaa  ryansmi31818444  bustthegop .
eco warrior behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holidays   the sun .
posh extinction rebellion protester behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans for thousands .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 malaysiacapture .
 kellyannepolls they ended the trump shutdown    for starters .
udah dapet maniac tapi kemudian terdengar shutdown .
             .
this reminder  23 weeks until the next government shutdown.
more device shortages pegged to  sterilization plant shutdown          we can help  contact us a .
the bureau of economic analysis posted its first estimate of us economic growth in february following a one month d .
 glubtier we stop working  like  collectively  we stop making them money  when the air traffic controllers threaten .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite govt shutdown  .
  anyone who texts me  if i suddenly stop responding  im having a shutdown moment so bare with me .
end of an era  blackberry messenger will shutdown on may 31st  .
american express q1 cardholder spending  loans up despite government shutdown  .
 heybangor bangor water district is dealing with a leak in the 14th  15th  ralph  and brookline street area  and ma .
 bighitent  windows shutdown sound    help .
 dobrienatl braves getting shutdown by cy young weaver   oh wiat  he s not a cy young pitcher  you mean to tell me .
effect of  jetairways temp shutdown more visible at mumbai airport than delhi  hope bidders conclude the process soon .
 askbarclaysus still havent gotten a resolution to my problem  no help for federal workers during shutdown   washingtonpost  wbjonline.
clubbed up for a drone have they    climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 480 arrests    .
posh extinction rebellion protester behind heathrow shutdown plot brags about disrupting holiday plans forthousand .
 mustardelsmedia a total shutdown of the criminal network within the police structure  amp  a general reform in the pol .
 gma  kellyannepolls they broke the trump shutdown .
 thyercox  bybpod .
 asperrevolution  autimame  asperchica  falcon de godos desconozco si existen  pero quiz ayudara difundir por red .
 hockeycontext the real secret to shutdown mackinnon.
if you havent got your tickets yet for  issa39 make sure you do   its due to be a shutdown  .
reading about jet airways  shutdown repercussions on employees and their families is heart wrenching  .
 we r excited to wlcm the  highly team to  twitter  thr expertise will accelerate our product  amp  design thinking aro .
 nationalpost notley colluded with and hired foreign funded eco extremists to completely shutdown the industry that .
our view  more needs to happen to help the businesses in the guadalupe street district thrive as construction  stre .
even when i try to initiate a conversation  i instantly get shutdown  depression .
whole interstate is shutdown  i wish bruno mars was my kid .
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown  after 480 arrests   fiweh life    .
trump shutdown wall mueller epa   newsday .
abuja are you ready for easter sunday        buchi live is gonna shutdown this city   basketmouth is gonna be there o .
at last i ve gotten a reason to abscond the huduma namba registration    my tala  branch timiza and mshwari loans won .
 d behrman they forgot to shutdown the simulation last night.
security tries to shutdown chief keef concert   ill roots show  colourfu     via  youtube    .
london  climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
 ken  cee yea it shutdown yesterday.
love this shutdown  hacks  .
if i d saved up for years for a holiday  working hard  just for some private snotty school kid  who skis abroad for .
photos operation shutdown  stop the violence  end knife crime protest london  jess hurd reportdigital co uk .
 eric ejnorr  uruy the quarter with the alleged bad weather  residual seasonality  government shutdown and trade w .
 mikeasare first of all  that statement was before the playoffs  2ndly    there hasn t been a single second in this .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla       zihnefend .
comeback special  yeni izleyebilmek zd ama ldm sanrm ah mkemmeldi  dionysus u izlerken kendimden geip make .
digital marketing news  facebook s sponsored results  google  shutdown  consumer brand trust  instagram s ad spend .
sunday april 21 2019      happy easter        shutdown kingz presents       game day sundays         brunch .
 01beelee  kimhakiiim2507 tekan shutdown aja.
 iam davido  dremodrizzy my boss for life  0b0 my best rapper  dremodrizzy it will be a shutdown in atl am waiting .
 slymelo well that statement came fter he was shutdown by beverly and had like 4straight turnovers    it s the normal gsw rush.
 wakeupfda  us fda  realdonaldtrump then there would be no work for them they have to approve drugs for big pharma .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in  cybersecurity .
as someone who s worked at  oxfordcircus for 6 years  the  extinctionr shutdown has proved how much more civil oxfo .
don t think much  it s long weekend  shutdown all systems  laptops  analysis  back testing  research etc  what is e .
proof of my arrival in thurso  i may try for a video tomorrow   i did make a videa but it was lost in the great qik .
well   if we re being honest  they do and the defense sucks too     they made it to the playoffs because crosby did s .
 msnbc live my thought s  who said  corrupttraitortrump didn t  conspire to  defraud america  then finally suceed a .
butler is one plant shutdown away from being the next new castle.
what s the solution for a mind that runs overtime    shutdown.
4 days to go x      the easter monday shutdown  mckennas belfast                                                            portuguese  afro  yes .
cop gets shutdown    whos the idiot now    first amendment audit 36  via  youtube so .
 bennyjohnson  loponstorm shutdown defense  nice work  mr  barr .
nobody representing  wmata was at the last nvtc meeting  budget hearing in arlington meant dorsey unavailable too   .
 grandcanyonnps  natlparkservice hello back at you  loved our short visit there in january during the shutdown  amp  wa .
 kaspermjohansen  james kindon for me it is removed  but you are right in the right click context menu  i only have .
gigil ako ng ml   kasalanan niyo kaya kung bat ako na aafk   ayos ayos ng laro ko bigla mag sha shutdown laro walan .
 seserunjogi  mjjlegion i think invincible is the most underrated album.
 eton5s  holbornlolz their threatening to shutdown heathrow 2moro    send in the riot police tear gas  amp  batons  wil .
this week i sent a letter to  sencapito along with my senate colleagues urging congress to safeguard pay for u s  c .
 gossipoftheciti that shutdown shit like the government nope its not happening again     oh well to the haters    .
i find my default state at work is  humanoid robot that s just been shutdown .
 mjjlegion .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors  reports  maykuth .
 metatone2  jonporty it is ludicrous though  i suggest instant shutdown of facebook and jail for zuck.
                                              shutdown   s  t  3   3   2   1           .
 tomhfh won t be hard think i so a drone total shutdown for a month  .
my dms are open and i ll still check in periodically  but my filters mutes etc are in full avengers shutdown mode s .
psa  re  spoilers    if you don t see me online as much for the next week and a half  it s because i m essentially .
 jetairways heartly salute to you  even after your operation temporary shutdown you guys responding and still helpi .
i m afraid of looking dumb  the question for me relating to previous shutdown cause .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 assylaasis shutdown kaya kita diyan  .
shutdown  clashes on polling day in central kashmir  .
 repenta46340424  thatmancam shutdown  he averaged 28 on 57  shooting.
by  countless  fbi agents  i really meant none    but   countless  citizens really did call the white house in suppor .
indian authorities blocked internet in  kashmir valley on april17 at 8 30 pm  it has been more than 26 hours  the i .
 awood732  repdancrenshaw .
 joycewhitevance seems to say that barr shutdown the investigation as soon as he was confirmed  amp  told mueller to do .
i am calling for a complete and total shutdown of germans entering the episcopacy until we can figure out what the heck is going on .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
lots of happening on the political front and we are in asad umar s constituency facing complete cable shutdown toda .
this is awesome   shutdown  florida    .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors   inquirer .
we are at war       the  msm  is an enemy of the people    it always has been       we are now the news    we are now the voice .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in cybersecurity  .
new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors  via  phillydotcom.
maykuth  nj oks  300 million in nuclear power plant subsidies  days after pseg threat to close reactors  .
 jentaub you think rosenstein and assistant ag prior barr who said  choke off the       then the barr shutdown    r .
now playing   skepta   shutdown on  severnfm   playingnow  nowplaying listen at .
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown .
the center is shut down thursday and friday  .
 seanhannity   rushlimbaugheib  realdonaldtrump tried very hard to shutdown what he considers illegal  can either o .
heavy rainfall has caused flash flooding that s prompted the shutdown of a major interstate in central arkansas and .
 break   metro is now saying the summer yellow blue shutdown will extend to september 8th  rather than the earlier  .
 british airways any advice for people travelling tomorrow in light of this lhr climate change shutdown  heathrow s .
 googlenexus how do i get my support calls on both my nexus 6ps   one is boot looped and one has early shutdown .
 extinctionrebellion protesters plan to  shutdown  heathrow airport .
 naledipandor  julius s malema  leighmathys  nene thalente when the effsc led src at ukzn westville campus instruct .
daily news    new jersey approves  300 million in nuclear subsidies  days after a pseg threat to close reactors .
in the news  matthew fienup  executive director  center for economic research and forecasting  was featured in an a .
shatta wale set record by single handedly selling out his europe tour   total shutdown  when efo heard about it he .
my body is trying to shutdown but my mind is wide awake.
blackberry messenger saksi bisu ku dulu ketika mendekatimu  heheheeh sekarang resmi di shutdown  terimakasi kenangannya heheheehehe.
 sfchronicle  erinallday vaccines don t cause autism  get your kid vaccinated       there s much better evidence that p .
 swmckewonowh beating a dead horse are we  you mean a hoax  the biggest con job in american history  networks might .
 usroute41  mistercommodity  ten gop the shitty part is we cant see the actual propaganda they posted because the r .
appealing to all those  extinctionrebelion protesters regarding heathrow airport shutdown  please dont do this  i .
sana kahit tao pwedeng mag shutdown .
 shefvaidya  twitter  twitterindia  jack voices like yours cannot be stopped  pls create a shadow account  amp  twt the .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  with jet airways grounded  if there ar .
opened detour inquiry request via iphone at 10299 14 st sw  i just wanted to congratulate t .
 iam davido  dremodrizzy who say he no go shutdown the place  who .
i m not a lawyer and i do not understand the  muellerreport in that context  so telling someone to undermine the sp .
      we request a full  shutdown of the  fcc until they comply and give all licenses back to sk .
.
also heathrow shutdown is .
 ritchiejacob625  cottonomics  brlive guys what do you use on reddit   lately i havent found anything for soccer  .
 fjwagner713  repdancrenshaw well they eventually did get paid  after going without for over a month  he was a key .
 extinctionrebellion protesters plan to  shutdown  heathrow airport .
 davidgraeber heads up in case ur flying outta heathrow  xr shutdown tmrw .
 txjanellybean love field airport shutdown  yesterday       weathermen made it sound so apocalyptic that even an airpor .
water shutdown likely in downtown charlottetown   the guardian .
 windows shutdown sound effect .
 lbc  lbc  talkradio  talkradio    .
but for the unfortunate internet shutdown for the last 48 hours here  i would have  mailed a column on netanyahu s .
i need internet data bundle  tons of it to keep my message going   shutdown.
hahahaha qiqil siya e hahah shutdown kasi ako  .
 cahnemily might this  thorough fbi investigation  have been undertaken under mueller s watch if  perhaps  he wasn  .
also remember that trump shutdown the election fraud commission    isn t that part of obstruction of justice as well     .
hey   mr  president   someone in the  left wing  tried to hack into my computer just now   no   no   i mean it   so .
 ag3ns  don t worry   lionheart said       she walked to the desk and moved over the dinergate parts        it s not a c .
 cycling1339  shaunehorton  apoczslayer  tiffanybond  devincow was the economy crushed in january with a federal sh .
the sony playstation mvp program was  shutdown 3 years ago today  i took part in a few projects and met some great .
 marvin6977  eagen i  ericswalwell  unlvyoungdems  dnc yes the media likes to stoke fires with made up names  the m .
such a sorry state of innocent employees  of all the issues of jet airways  the employees suffering is the worst  .
a big cutter of the radical left behind  there is made his orders form of the shutdown .
 genxgina  worm2126  bootysmom23  andrewpollackfl  ryanafournier step one in the socialist manifesto    label speech .
website will be shutdown for 2 weeks starting sunday 4 21   5pm in preparation for our new website  we will be sele .
because of the shutdown  the last day of school for portland will now be june 12  the district noted  .
 speakerpelosi  housedemocrats the honorable robert mueller is pleading with you to impeach donald trump  there is .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
        20          jetairways  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
congress blows by another budget deadline  not surprising  but still irresponsible  .
pre easter alert is the clutches of all cluth  time to shutdown my mama kitchen.
hmmmm     realdonaldtrump  potus good job keeping drugs from coming in through the us mexican border   oops  wait  .
windows   .
 stop trump20 the sdny are working on a lot of trump dealings in ny  i believe they made trump shutdown his foundation .
post shutdown  cisa carves out a space in cybersecurity   fedtech magazine  .
austria   this summer i will make make my debut at shutdownfestivalaut ready to move some moutains        shutdown .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   the common sense show .
i made my mind up i can t go back broke they sayin  that my time up my back against the ropes .
 begairtonkabegairat  fawadchaudhry  fawadchaudhry  mouthpiece is now shutdown   begairatimrankhan.
 extinctionrebellion uk is showing its possible to do widespread disruption of key infrastructure  amp  then return af .
 nkrao1943 but jet airways is not a govt owned entity it is a private airlines run by mr  naresh goyal  who was the .
if pat bev was a rapper hed be     freddiegibbs   can shutdown anybody  doesnt get the recognition he deserves  and .
i applied for a job at the hotel the city is trying to shutdown for being a nuisance property.
were strong enough now drop jacks to the floor error shutdown .
as the unemployment is increasing in india      now   16000 plus jet airways employees lost their jobs    check out thi .
 swiggy in u bloody shit  order not received and yet application is saying that my order is delivered  crappy servi .
the mueller report is not going to change trump s approval ratings  they re stable in the low 40s and will stay the .
i panicked and clicked shutdown right away because i couldn t find the cancel button  i m pretty sure there wasn t one .
police shutdown  birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead  via  mailonline.
 jacob rees mogg we live in a democracy  free speech is the corner stone   once you shutdown criticism of any relig .
 julianvalentin guilty  especially 2    i will say   piggybacking  is something women are taught to help amplify othe .
member of the  alexandra shutdown committee  patrick baloyi   reflects on last night s  meeting  another committee .
members of the alexandra shutdown committee say while they re happy  with  the inter ministerial task team giving t .
the task team met with members of the alexandra shutdown committee  in the township last night  wednesday 17 april  .
homebuyers aren t as confident  a jump in mortgage interest rates and the government shutdown all play a part in de .
if one of these dancing  spotty faced morons knocked your door and said  i am going to wreck your family holiday so .
hard to overstate how much worse this is than starr report        imagine if starr had multiple examples of clinton try .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
 read  the  alexandra total shutdown committee has undertaken to temporarily suspend service delivery protests in t .
interested to see if extinction rebellion manage to shutdown heathrow tomorrow .
 drewd977espn how come shutdown man has blocked me and not you   i told you  people always over react to the pract .
 shelbykstewart agree     our vets should mobilize a bivouac to blockade the lie house and capitol     provide a comple .
 thekodymartin  grimrutherford  jmackeypg nhl teammates like arguably the nhls best shutdown defenseman in his lin .
 charperlynne dec 7  2015  i  donald j  trump  call for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the uni .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump wrong again nancy   btw  we are still waiting for your explanation of the over 80 f .
it s time to say goodbye   bbm to shutdown may 31st 2019   it was really fun .
   trionworlds announces shutdown of  atlasreactor    .
meet the man behind the  heathrow shutdown attempt  the police need to start getting tough w .
hope the airports dont let anyone involved in the heathrow shutdown ever fly again .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
 usroute41  ten gop  dividendmaster we cant tell because that russian propganda account is shutdown      i m just sayin .
it s time to say goodbye   bbm to shutdown may 31st 2019   it was really fun           dm for paid ads .
 geulijc klo aku langsung di shutdown.
government shutdown is affecting how people are taking care of their physics examinations at ucla and everybody wan .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
kebiasaan burukku yang tak kunjung hilang   jam pulang kerja nyolok flashdisk copy data yang mau dikerjain di rumah .
 sfinnerty4  realdonaldtrump its our easter holiday that hes at mar a largo not during the weeks congress is off  .
i found that robin  who stormed out of the sky interview drafted the message calling for heathrow shutdown .
 myzroadtoeden hello   when will the xbox one x shutdown bug when opening a chest will be solved .
.
importers  exporters hopeful of increase in indo pak trade through icp after shutdown .
jet airways shutdown raises doubts on role of sbi  govt .
central kashmir observe shutdown on jrl call against polls  reports of clashes were reported from machowa  kralpora .
 ani due to the corrupt policy of the modi  big losses to the economy of the country many core of bhrastachar and .
shutdown   .
 shorteeblitz  kissfmuk  eelectrics  majesticonline  thewideboys  djpioneer  djmatchstick  mcsharky p  1mc kie shutdown .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump fake news getting shutdown   the fake house has shut up   lol.
shutdown the party ft lv skinny by ltb       ouuuuu  .
i wonder how many times we will face the internet shutdown     onlystatewhereinternetgetssnapped    kashmir.
 chuckcallesto beto in bad shape  he s being shutdown by gay white guy  who thinks his deviant sexual habits aren t .
one of the agencies affected by the  governmentshutdown  the brand new  cisagov managed to keep  cybersecurity upda .
 extinctionr will fail to get public support if they choose to shutdown  heathrowairport on one the busiest days fo .
american     after the report release   cnn wouldn t accept the truth   they still keep lying lying lying they rather s .
going abroad on holiday this year  tut tut   extinctionr are angry that you havent voted to ban flights  so theyr .
 on cogliano s goal  amp  how important it is for that line to not just be a shutdown line  monty said it pushed the g .
 washingtonpost im begining to wonder if barr shutdown the investigation and told mueller to write the report as is .
    bearing in mind the violence which broke out in the aftermath of the  shutdown protests which left 17 people de .
just blocked twitter assoc who just popped up so don t be surprised if get shutdown soon  they don t want me to spr .
 lil sis clover im sorry i  they sa  my  i shutdown  my body forced into stasis because the  i was low on thirium .
12 30 pm pero may naririnig ka pa ring  you have slain an enemy   shutdown   killing spree .
 dobrienatl lol weaver is going to shutdown the braves .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
anticipate    my next song shutdown is dropping soon  .
  ninaguwop in this doc  it seems like she was on shutdown for a whole year in increments to build the coachella pe .
belediyeler   shutdown.
biglang hindi ko nalang alam gagawin ko  shutdown nalang  .
god must of hear me when i said i was ready  line shutdown  .
meet the man behind the heathrow shutdown attempt   .
 akmallanz tula  silap cara takut dia turn off shutdown reset reboot ja  peluang tak banyak nak masuk lane pun huhu .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  democrat of course via  freebeacon .
 pennyddreadful im also really enjoying it  i signed up for filmstruck and it shutdown the same month i signed up .
a national shutdown protest will get attention .
 jccpalmer blackberry is opening bbm enterprise to cover the shutdown   .
watch  meet the environmentalist behind the heathrow shutdown  .
jaguar land rover starts brexit shutdown  .
 falconskingdom  rambonthabottom i like you   you have everything and will shutdown anyone coming at you.
1  trump runs for officenazi   2  he  wins    3  the wall   4  muslim  ban    5  anti lgbtq   6  mueller    7  wall   8  s .
 evanrobertswfan its a no brainer  would you rather have a aging lefty that had one good season 4 years ago  that .
extinction rebellion about to shutdown heathrom extinctionrebellion      some say mother nature is on her own clock and .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
 vhearr evnglst then shutdown .
i think it s abundantly clear that there was a lot going on here   i would like to hear from mueller about the cond .
climate protesters threaten heathrow shutdown after 460arrests  .
 raphaeldili why would i shut up if i can shutdown.
central kashmir observe shutdown on jrl call against polls      more than 20 injured in clashes in several parts  internet snapped.
legislation signed by our president is faulty     childtrafficking legislation signed    scandal in senate and in the h .
how an essex mum is using son s death in fatal stabbing to make a change .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
the shutdown is over but the zombie flick continues         if we don t act  it ll be  280 days later        pressure your .
 shutdown kj you feel me .
 usminority hopefully you will be allowed to speak  recent behavior by liberal students is to shutdown conservative .
 geekaysa  our da  bertrankalume  mmusimaimane the issues here is the part were da is saying we will put the people .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
out of office on  temporary voicemail greeting recorded and about to shutdown work laptop for a week   time to rech .
not thermal shutdown.
hell yeah  i am really proud to anncounce  that i will perform shutdown festival this year     shutdownfestivalaut .
 jysexton my sentiments exactly  as an average citizen  its genuinely distressing   worthy of a general strike or major shutdown .
now would be a good time for tulsi gabbard to quietly shutdown her presidential campaign    .
officers are investigating a traffic fatality at the 4800 block of s fm 973 rd  south bound lanes of fm 973 are cur .
live  heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow   uk news   sky news .
 ananavarro  patriots thank you  we do not need to see that  isn t he rich enough to pull enough strings to not hav .
 nemosays nemo you ve just shutdown the comment section  it s gonna be hard to top that .
 verldls i dont mind you saying that  im not one of these snowflakes who gets offended  in the end of the day you .
while the rest of br is shutdown for potential severe weather  stunners have shown up in full force for our office .
 quiseclayton99  young and dumb.
 dbongino mr  barr   thankfully you stood your ground and shutdown the fake news .
swigert  okay  can you 030 12 16 brand we re proceeding with the shutdown  special subroutine  for fuel cell 3  rog .
 libertyblitz are you under some kind of false impression that sanders wants to shutdown  wikileaks    .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 podcast  inquiry launched into the alexandra shutdown  earlier on  safmfocalpoint with  umamoshoeshoe spoke to bua .
 ragingtoro   kpcc i m with you       but often nobody can know whether a shutdown is legit beyond what exxon or who .
oh iya phhhoto udh gaada   secret sih banyak kenangan dan seru abis wkwk terus diganti ooh  baru main bentar eh shu .
my take away as well they were shutdown midstream     i hope this comes out during hearings if osc is called to testi .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
even my ones totally shutdown need to look cool  redo from scratch and i ll be back   .
 amrsyfq aah overheat mmg akan auto shutdown  tambah kipas weh  or kau bukak cpu punya side cover bagi ada air flow.
 podcast  the alex shutdown has been temporarily put on hold  earlier on  safmfocalpoint with  umamoshoeshoe spoke .
 mattmfm trump is all cool now though  after appointing barr to shutdown mueller s investigation and then cover up .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown    internetshutdown.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
eco warriors more like posh protestors fucking morons      breaking  heathrow airport faces shutdown plot tomorrow .
how the government shutdown affected the healthcare industry  .
 thokta  cindycoops  sbg1 it has been well established that mitch shutdown accurate info about the russian attacks .
sad   end of the road for bbm as it tends to shutdown on the 31st of may   the consumer version of the app will stop .
 lg188 as much as i would like to shutdown the self serving media that functions as a factory for political propaga .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shotdead  .
kingfisher bankrupt  jet shutdown operations air india making huge losses  do govt have any plan to revamp this sec .
police shut down birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead  in front of his devastated brother    via .
 anamyid that s a luxury i am unable to afford lately  i need  sleep  in order to avoid a  shutdown  .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
despite the harrowing shutdown earlier this year  the senate appropriations bill for 2019 includes hints at potenti .
 stockmarkets manage to keep climbing north despite a rocky ride  read more         marketwrap .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
jet airways  which has been providing services for 26 years  have now suspended all its services for an indefinite .
thats nearly a rap for us lot at ddc before our easter shutdown  couldnt of ended it on a more beautiful day  hav .
police shut down birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead  in front of his devastated brother  .
 realsaavedra shutdown  .
today s top trucking news in 3 5 minutes  .
climate protesters threaten heathrow  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
 djsoxxy kama ni wachinku wata implement the shutdown then they can shutdown simcards   it s a thin line between di .
national news  climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
national news  climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
uk news   climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
 all the dokis have a bit of a safety shutdown       ever notice how none of us have parents       if you bring that up in .
news   climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
      credit card vs  debit card        .
 lllll climate change protesters plan to  shut down  heathrow airport tomorrow as hundreds o .
this was the ultimate shutdown   msm like to think that they r so knowledgeable and can always pull one over  she s .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
        20          jetairways  .
 cultureanger donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states u .
climate protesters threaten heathrow airport  shutdown  after 460 arrests .
.
.
 ani modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok industries gujarat nre co .
breaking  heathrow airport faces shutdown plot tomorrow from extinction protesters  .
 fox61news i 91 south bound wallingford between exit 15 and exit 13 shutdown due to large pickup truck pulling a tr .
adrobotic folks  excess matrix code is favorite meal of a virus  don t forget to defrag every shutdown or get a hole in memory   icdental.
 zenpundit yes   i actually knew the moment nancy announced there would be no impeachment that the end was already .
14 investigations       mueller distributed cases and barr proofed the attempted shutdown of his investigation  .
shutdown  clashes on polling day in central kashmir  via  ajmeralam2000.
yala shutdown .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusbs  senmikelee  lindseygrahamsc  senatemajldr  repmarkmeadows  mittromney .
 jenniferbeing  vdare i am calling for a total and complete shutdown of the globohomo political  financial  and med .
after growing 14  in 2017  revenue from 30 500 small businesses dropped 3 4   year over year  in q1  one economist .
 onebadmxcn  mega00mega1  ilhanmn remember the government shutdown earlier this year  longest in american history  .
mubarak ho   modi ka ek aur  vikas    jet airways shutdown   20000 employees unemployed.
 qrinajesia  halospadaaa tak menyesal  lebih baik di shutdown  kalo gak semakin emozi saya.
 diiahwahyuni  halospadaaa gimana dah kaget mau sleep jadi shutdown  ada penyesalan .
redactions like this make clear that barr was installed to shutdown mueller prematurely  no  .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  via .
 realdonaldtrump dear mr  president  let s see if they can take it like they give it  real crimes against you  the .
 speakerpelosi ag prematurely shutdown the mueller investigation .
 steehnmachine   thats zach everybody that said this forgot that the government shutdown was during the winter  lit .
 mr jags  we will shutdown the country fc  .
air india offering special fares for jet airways passengers stranded abroad  with jet airways grounded  if there ar .
 natashabertrand barr shutdown the investigation.
 party tonight   freak fest  aggiefest   dm for location  no shutdown    im spinning     ncat  uncg .
 hellofreshuk hi there  i ve just heard that prices are lower for new customers but remain for existing customers  .
 davidcorndc  realdonaldtrump barr shutdown the investigation.
 therealwolf42 and the shutdown key right on top of  esc     panic   .
shutdown irgc accounts    twittersupport  twitterban4irgc .
west coast real estate news  the recent shutdown of the federal government has delayed irs efforts to issue final r .
folly gras is now shutdown permanently     a witness from this viral fight video  folly s mayor and head of law enfor .
                                graceful shutdown        post .
 jeffreytoobin barr shutdown the investigation.
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc             shutdown    listen on spotify    .
 the pain never goes away and it gets harder as the time goes on        .
cool  ive hit shutdown mood from my shit filled life  send help jesus.
shut down administrator      currently recruiting for a temp administrator for a shutdown  this is a camp position  the .
 math 0522  fendar  gkmendenhall  mattmfm the investigation that made a profit  had a record number of indictments .
extinction rebellion climate change protests  eco activists plot heathrow shutdown at the start of easter bank holi .
waste management drivers will collect recyclables during the shutdown  the materials collected will be diverted to .
 speakerpelosi nancy pelosi its time for impeachment the only way to shutdown this traitors impeach impeach impeac .
power shutdown   early times newspaper jammu kashmir .
so far what i read is that they didnt indite him because they felt they couldnt indite a sitting president and th .
how yall stain get caught and shutdown in one day  yall dumb af outwest g .
 lbc  shelaghfogarty why doesn t he get the ferry and if the airport was shutdown you get sent to another airport instead.
 repswalwell am telling you this now barr shutdown the mueller investigation period full stop  get mueller to testify asap .
 masterlocke777  pastorlocke the concept needs to be challenged in court and appropriately shutdown because it is e .
 dacia303 i dissagree  1000 schools shutdown is crazy  all they did was put fear in people  she never contacted any school .
whoever designed the keyboard layout where the shutdown sleep key is right next to the volume keys  why .
 breakingkenyanews live  heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
breaking  heathrow airport faces shutdown plot tomorrow from extinction protesters  .
 donchytil2dot0 yeah man  love og hardcore  snapcase  hatebreed  shutdown  e town concrete  skycamefalling  shai hu .
people sharing these whatsapp voice notes about loadshedding for days  protest actions everywhere  complete cbd shu .
gosh  it looks like there is a threat to shutdown the airport  .
 tbt to last saturday  i was honoured to dj at one of my good friends wedding in london    safe to say it was a co .
 jeddamadden  orionzeigler he said on shutdown week  so whenever that is  just go ahead and add us to the groupchat.
eco activists plot heathrow shutdown on good friday  edexcelbusiness  theme3  paper3  travel   holidays .
 flamesfever yeah he got them in the playoffs   but he is easy to shutdown in the playoffs  .
 joshualebowitz after reading bbme        i have no regrets about  bbm consumer service shutdown        happy with  bbme th .
 djrothkopf exactly and mueller in all likelihood was shutdown  the ending of the probe when it did made no fucking .
 club lite huse surulere  shutdown  seph glbal by gnna be live tomorrow cc     litehouseclub  surulere .
during conflicts in  yemen more than 62  of the companies shutdown    this unfortunately means  thousands of job op .
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down    bbm.
blackberry messenger  bbm  is shutting down    bbm.
 dozaeric time wise is the worst for me and the wife  i farm and she owns her own business  so with baseball in the .
 amp  amp  amp  amp  amp  during the same time as watergate protests in paris were so bad the city shutdown  amp  was destroyed       and n .
 therickwilson he looked a lot like pence when trump  pelosi and schumer were getting into it just before the government shutdown .
q1 tracking 2 9   says jpmorgan  substantial acceleration from 2 2  in q4  and that s despite a government shutdown .
 andygoldbergaz  987karim987  thechrissuprun  angelabelcamino  realdonaldtrump  gameofthrones what s this       another .
if you are flying off on an easter break from heathrow tomorrow  be aware the climate protesters are planning to di .
it s  day4 of the london takeover by these  extinctionr activists  total shutdown of the capital    i went down to se .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 cnbc awaaz  jetairways modi mismenagemnt   last 5 years only lost  air india  kingfisher  jet airways  alok indust .
 lambaalka jet is shutdown due to management failure  do u want it to become another air india where taxpayers money is misused  .
 standwithpresidenttrump      stopredgreenalliance working to shutdown america and specifically  realdonaldtrump .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 .
 imamofpeace you promote hate  what did you expect  youre lucky they didnt shutdown your main account  just wait for it .
    22                     shubhamiimc .
 johnedwardbake1 it sounds temporary  5 refineries have shutdown production due to breakdowns .
 liberty4all because i hated the expression government shutdown   its so stupid  .
 juliaioffe i thought you wanted twitter to shutdown for 48 hours .
 wesgrimes  nws oh weird  got it to load fine for me but i know it has been a bit buggy since the shutdown .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
trump tried to shutdown the  investigation  as soon as special counsel was called for   muellerreport.
travellers note  heathrow airport braces for climate protest  shutdown  tomorrow .
 imyusari why was there a server shutdown.
notre dame  bernie sanders  deutsche bank  your tuesdaybriefing .
gok s desperation is puzzling  iebc took 8  months to mass register 12m voters at  47 000 centres in 2017  gok clai .
 marcelmcclinton  dancrenshawtx then he should be glad to forgo his congressional salary  permanently      and he can .
shocked by your tax refund  next year could be worse unless you actnow .
in order to execute work for rectification of hotspots  routine preventive maintenance in grid station  barn as wel .
power shutdown .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown    jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
partial shutdown in edinburgh moved my pm mtg to the gallery of modern art today  in these times of brexit uncertai .
 kaycima  ambeanie moss  ju16553019 just like pence in the meeting with trump  nancy and chuck over the shutdown       barely breathing.
i m shocked and saddened to hear that  motherisk  has shutdown in toronto  as a sufferer of unbearable morning sick .
 facebook hypocrisy on point  this post is  advertising  how many accounts have you permanently shutdown for less  .
netflix is in peril as shutdown enters day 26 billion.
remember to  switchoff when you leave the office  thank you                 happyeaster  easterbreak  longweekend .
 ultrabrilliant goldeneye 007   n64 pirate copy  start a game play from start to end   shutdown console   gone fore .
dems failed to win 2016      dems failed to prove  collusion      dems failed to  impeachthemf      dems failed to sway  maga p .
 umemeltd what happened to the brief shutdown of last night  we still have no power in najeera .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 oom9 was the command  battledroid that led the  droidarmy during the  battleofnaboo intimately being shutdown by .
power shutdown in jammu .
jet airways shutdown  had a booking  here s what you should do  .
boleh tak aku nak shutdown  bila aku nak hidup aku hidup balik .
 matthewtabeek  atlantafalcons the falcons are going to draft a defensive lineman even though they need to release .
 larissa thomas and just so we re clear  i m not making a reference to the third reich  as a toronto resident  it w .
notre dame  royal family  nissan  your wednesdaybriefing .
climate activists occupy major london landmarks for a thirdday .
 thv11 that a big shutdown   i can see a few lanes because of a wreck but the entire freeway .
aku rasa mcm phone ni dah terlalu nazak dh smpaikan battery phone dok ada dlm 70  tiba2 shutdown    ingat tk sakit hati ka wei .
its a very  rainy day in  littlerock   major storms and flooding filled through early morning    the interstates a .
 mturn19  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump she has no intention of helping the american people  shes in europe now p .
if you shutdown heathrow airport you will not gain support for your protest  you will just piss people off  like yo .
 shutdown .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 thistemi they dont need me to do a 3 weeks breaks oo  cos theyve been doing mid night servicing since that whole .
          16     news18  .
in pictures  vintage boycott scenes in srinagar on poll day    kashmir  conflict  elections  shutdown .
hinihintay na lang mag shutdown ang phone.
kay shutdown na lage  helloooo there indzay kameljen hahah .
 cycling1339  shaunehorton  apoczslayer  tiffanybond  devincow peaceful protests are ones the state can first ignor .
all corrupt wouldn t trust this president ever  just to keep a certain affiliation in house your going to let thiev .
a couple of barrs family members got jobs out of the deal  who knows what else was exchanged  trump is the master .
can netflix shutdown until exams are done please .
 bucksexton  cnn should be shutdown immediately for treason.
 realdonaldtrump fake fraud feckless forever    university     golf award  .
 joshendyne  pcgamer it doesn t need to be public  as long as people are streaming gameplay and such  no one can shutdown a private server .
member of the mayoral committee which led the shutdown in alex vuyani baloyi says what has been said at the commiss .
 mouldie sep demi keamanan  server kpu akan saya shutdown secara  remote 3600 detik lagi .
 bbcnews  itvnews  skynews  channel4news now that facebook have shutdown the bnp edl and the other bunch of uk base .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming    .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
i haven t got any fans on punkanary since it was shutdown and started up again  anyone on punkanary please consider .
mouse guard production shut down two weeks before filming  .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
   pc .
 fortnitegame epics you might as well just shutdown the servers for stw and never bring em back and just pretend yo .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabweagain  .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabweagain  .
 ruggtomcat  wg scotland  wrathofgod ireland has had self id  and extremely aggressive shutdown of any dissent  whi .
 ellenspivak but then rosenstein smirks when barr ends the press conference with an arrogant shutdown of the report .
remote shutdown 4 7 0 67   .
jet airways  once indias largest airline by market capitalisationsuspended all its flights from today  leaving i .
 joycewhitevance i m still convinced that usag barr in assuming the power over the special counsel investigation  s .
 kurtschlichter the wall  muslim ban  getting rid of obamacare  longest shutdown in history  yea   he never loses alright.
once these playoffs over  im doing a shutdown .
all those years of linking apps to my facebook login are backfiring a bit now as i prepare to finally shutdown my facebook account .
 jessbrammar i do support the cause but dont approve of actions which punish ordinary people going about their bus .
reject the election result and fight a phoney rearguard legal action for years  making good government difficult an .
 mikolbin  mormorlady  angustaylormp that s just his shutdown reboot sequence.
 machichnicht bei windows ginge auch shutdown  s  t 0.
in case we get a shutdown holla   me in the dms  wifi will be office hours and in the house.
                        .
its a shutdown   .
imusicmarketer   out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify .
goals for the leafs friday  score first  perfect or near perfect pk  shutdown the top line  and freddy needs to out .
poll day in srinagar  deserted booths  assured abdullahs and a party diehard    kashmir  elections  shutdown .
with likely loss of 80 000 jobs  experts ask inconvenient questions  why was  nareshgoyal allowed to leave india  w .
gov  ned lamont acknowledges that he has yet to compile a legislative record  only big bill provided loan guarantee .
 ovh support fr            in ovh  the server shutdown system after expir .
police shutdown birmingham suburb after a man  28  was shot dead in the street  .
heathrow airport have said they will be working with authorities to stop any potential protests byt climate change .
heathrow airport have said they will be working with authorities to stop any potential protests by climate change p .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    i think maybe 23 hours  i dont remember why but i know i .
heathrow airport have said they will be working with authorities to stop any potential protests by climate change p .
 arimelber barr is full of shit    trump is a lawless criminal president who engaged in a conspiracy to defraud the .
product founder fit is real  friends  kudos to  margoaaron for the in depth look at why she shutdown her kickass co .
fms  wean hall domestic hot water shutdown 4 24   widows  auto  webkit text size adjust  auto  webkit text stroke w .
was the mueller investigation shutdown by virtue of barrs legal frameworks .
 jetairways faces imminent shutdown without emergency funds       save our family   angry employees protest as jet airw .
another day with  wageworks and another missed deadline  everyday must be april fools for them  deadlines mean noth .
 billbarr was kind enough to shutdown any discussion of  donaldjtrumpjr admitted violation of 52 usc 30121  36 usc .
today   donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete  by  t j  sandella via  poetrynw      read the poem here  .
 tallcanaudio ennis and matthews work well together  proved it til ennis got hurt    if you put ennis and matthews .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
irs copes with first  taxseason after  taxreform and the  governmentshutdown   .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 standardkenya this cash strapped government wants to shutdown their only sure source of revenue       zimeni stima  ka .
 repstevensmith  realdonaldtrump  rebeccasuenewe3 i was amazed at how fast they shutdown  seanhannity and rod wheel .
 jamessurowiecki  michaelehuck again  i m not asking about the strict definition of the law  i m asking if this is .
 httpsantha tapi kau mcm dah kena experience unexpected shutdown so better tukar  lai lai  harga twitpemes je aku kasi  haha.
you have got to be kidding me         span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
 steve dangle loved the lfr this morning  question  i was one of those people that wa saying that tavares has been .
after the ig shutdown i ve thought about this consistently  how our connections could be taken away without notice  .
 smpotatoes yep  doesn t sound sustainable to me  and the answer isn t to tax the bottom 50  more  the answer is to .
ive never seen a mcdonalds shutdown  once theyre built  theyre just always there   .
 byheatherlong  wapo  mmfa trump has done everything he can to slow growth  trade wars   shutdown  deregulation of .
 flash inthe dan  toddjawesome  realdonaldtrump then why are you so worried about what my opinion is  the mueller i .
 flroach  jamesdcurry maine yankee was shutdown due to appendix r cabling and retrofits that were too expensive   p .
 gerudoqueen my accs a little older than that tbh i started on first month of release of rs which people now know a .
 icebearrobert di ko piniplay yung mga yun e  tsaka shutdown talaga spoilers sakin  hahahahahahaha.
 angrierwhstaff barr shutdown mueller early.
gi ahak selpona mo shutdown rag kalit mayng ilabay.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 skiscontent  thegrugq check the tweet that started the shutdown of this whole fb thing  as the attached screenshot .
an estate agents under investigation for fraud and theft has shutdown  .
 circitfied  jessbrammar like i said its really not something people privileged enough not to be hit financially b .
 hamishnews  lesstonehouse  theprojecttv  barnaby joyce great story tonight hamish  could you also find out why ron .
read the manufacturing policy initiatives march issue of insight into manufacturing policy on how does a federa .
new post added at mumbai press news   latest news  news  news today   24 hours news   jet airways shutdown impacts .
 jlee62mcs we have one  she put it on me once to make sure it fit and i went into sit in the corner with my head h .
nada nada nada    the  liberalmedia and their democrat compatriots were just shutdown  ahh    tears taste the best .
 rwpusa i say it was sent when  barr shutdown the investigation  all materials were sent to them  america no longer .
i shutdown when someone is talking to me   when they dont listen to me     it s really exhausting when i have to .
 shutdown 21 ashiappp.
 tigerzntl  luisbaram thorium should be explored  a pilot thorium facility would be a great project  thorium has th .
 rbxflip and you still act like a baby  still not do something about you breaking the tos and the law itself  i d r .
 mllacer  butravelers shutdown s  t 86400 .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
heartbreaking    jet airways employees protest in delhi after shutdown    .
 mossaveli dame came in this series in his bag   he was shutdown last year and got swept iont think he was going for that this year   .
 marghe30288469  stphanierose1  axlrose yes  i woke up from my  coma   on that day  i lost my consciousness 3times  .
with likely loss of 80 000 jobs  experts ask inconvenient questions  why was  nareshgoyal allowed to leave india  w .
you ever almost shutdown all north america manufacturing facilities for a fortune 500 company  because same .
 virtualtrident im just wondering can t you just download buy a vpn like nordvpn 3 dollars for 1 month  change you .
open program      loading      shutdown         .
 tinytimmons  abbyleigh 3 separation of church and state  no government office should be shutdown for a religious h .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the  extinctionrebellion  shutdown   video      .
 kenyapower how do u say this and in eastlands near buruburu and umoja  our businesses are shutdown due to power .
by 2011   jetairways was in trouble with mounting debt  kingfisher had shutdown and indigo was the biggest benefici .
but they just released the trailer tho   wtf         dc universe reportedly not in danger despite swamp thing shutdown .
 emileighsophie  cndcapecod  jonswaine barr was ag for how many weeks before he shutdown the investigation .
barr leaves the stage  and the meltdown begins  actually began before  but let s face it no collusion  not even try .
boom  shutdown  .
locals who frequent the keshavrao vithoba dhere jaltaran talav are ruing its shutdown of the swimming pool and want .
 alfiedring  politicsjoe uk  mrjamesob they havent been shutdown  the could start their own social media platform .
safety tip of the day  lockout tagout      one other energy source can cause harm  is stored .
an estate agents under investigation for fraud and theft has shutdown  .
nothing surprising from this  spin show   barrpressconference  barr auditioned to be ag by giving trump views that .
seems   barr shutdown the blonde female reporter         she struck a nerve .
 maxbergmann  maxboot how could mueller be making a report for barr when barr wasn t attorney gen  until last mo  w .
in this vain  i reiterate my call to begin building an economy and organizing around this idea of solidarity and mu .
 jm mcgrath further  cuomo is very vocal about his involvement in subway capital projects  mostly especially swoopi .
looking into the future for the columbia regional airport  following last weeks shutdown  airport representatives s .
and if you just want the latest  here s today s story  countdown to begin on shutdown or appeal  .
kingfisher s unceremonious shutdown was a cue for  nareshgoyal  it was a lesson  but unfortunately  there was no le .
 request  tweak to have 30 sec warning before shutdown  .
 annannche with pictures of little children locked in cages and us coast guard workers standing in food pantry lines during the shutdown .
trump is the most honest man in the world right now       nadler want to have trump aid come in and tell them how trump .
this suggests a question that no one is asking  did barr shutdown the mueller investigation before it completed its .
kahit one week lang shutdown niyo akoo .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us  via  businessinsider.
olomo shutdown   .
 politicsjoe uk  mrjamesob ergh     as much as i hate the above named groups this is a very problematic step  who i .
jet airways employees protest against shutdown    jetairways  jetairways  jetairwaystrouble  jetairwayscrisis .
shutdown haftas haftasonunu tatil almak m  snav haftas eve gitmek gibi birey sanrm .
i stan  and  i hope they organize about this       coming out of the government shutdown  it seems like there one of th .
well barr just shutdown the democrats narrative    try they might    fail they will     muellerreport     maga     nocollusion  noobstruction.
 cbsnews trump personally intervened to pay coast guard in shutdown   .
protest expands as london shutdown goes on in fourth day of climate change protests  via  cityam.
 spotifyuk  austindarbo easy  this track sold out hundreds of vinyl copies within a few days of release  and is rec .
 mylesperhour  .
 sangmadesu gausah goodbye bbm lu  resign sebelum shutdown aja  .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
 danclayt0n let him  get his 60  i don t care  shutdown everyone else  completely changing our defensive style and .
story at a glance     a cluster of cancer cases among young children at weston elementary school in ripon  california .
the government shutdown may feel distant  but for many it s had lasting consequences   we are dedicated to continue .
save time  download inshorts  india s highest rated news app  to read news in 60 words     .
united airlines profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 mylesperhour  why not .
easter weekend closure   19th 22nd april      a reminder that the campus will be closed from friday 19th april to monda .
 lionelmedia our big bad globalist overlords gave the word  so it was an immediate shutdown of any speculation abou .
i find it disheartening israel deflects all genuine criticism with  antisemitism        it s disingenuous to your ances .
 speakerpelosi you couldn t win the public trust the way you ruined my credit standing on battling with mine and ot .
 dol1house  thesugardad1 20  but hes not answering and my account got shutdown because of it.
state parks generate nearly  40 million in annual revenue for illinois  but two of the most popular campgrounds at .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   the common sense show .
klo hackernya orang  kpu id  sendiri   bisa kan   server di shutdown  data digelembungkan sesuai pesanan  bisakan   .
 senschumer cryin  shutdown chuck schumer .
 ckwon14  jsportsnet no they re just getting shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
eric bledsoe or kyle lowry who yall taking .
during a deliberate shutdown  you can t freely associate and peacefully protest  access information or express your .
 request  tweak to have 30 sec warning before shutdown .
bbm shutdown  prabowo kalah  versi qc   melody jkt48 nikah ama org lain  veranda juga  one piece gak tamat2  cebong .
 neal katyal neal  why do we assume mueller wasnt forced to shutdown  they timing never made any sense to me unles .
dc s live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown  .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  .
omg  susunod na pala yung the bible series after ng the shack   shutdown ko na laptop ko  .
tread lightly folks   the next twitter purge is happening    they couldn t bring  potus trump down with the special c .
 realsaavedra im calling for the complete and total shutdown of all soy based products until we can figure out wha .
 arm  kernel   patch 1 3  drm sun4i  add missing drm atomic helper shutdown at driver unbind .
then initiate it itself on behalf of the user    regardless of curiosity gpo time   plus i am curious why a program .
i think the lady that shutdown the server is scared i am mad at her haha  she wont pick up her phone   i am just cu .
 tdharmer  no they will have to shutdown and  leave the youtube world .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown .
interesting to see some people observing shutdown in srinagar while some others casting votes  the city of contradi .
me  ooh  i ve worked my hours for the week  nothing urgent in my to do list  i can shutdown and go start my holiday .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share   reuters .
 jetairways you guys were one of the best domestic airlines   this is sad news    i hope this shutdown is temporary .
low turnout in  srinagar amid shutdown  abdullahs  bukhari cast vote and      via  youtube.
stupid stupid macbook pro  hey  apple  even stupid windows knows when its attached to a monitor  amp  doesnt require .
twats       eco activists plot heathrow shutdown on good friday  via  cityam.
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metroshutdown  .
it might not be christmas but i ll bet you are closing up for easter  so if you want to know what to do with your w .
goldman       given the  1 5pp swing in the impulse from financial conditions and fiscal shutdown effects  we expec .
ltimamente mi cuerpo hace shutdown de vez en cuando porque necesita recuperar toda la energa que invierto escribi .
naresh goyal made his money and left these 16 000 employees to face a nightmare   jet .
i still think trump is working on releasing free unlimited energy to america as developed by tesla  trump s father .
sino gisto mag donate para di mag shutdown yung radioexo l .
climate change protesters plot heathrow shutdown .
the semblance of peace  today  polling day in srinagar  looked like this  shutdown  vehicle movements were partly r .
we should see this situation in another way  it s a high time for rivals  amp  businesses to employee readily available .
is  jetairways shutdown really temporary  why getting it back in the skies is easier said than done       jetairways .
 team mitch mitch is the bastard who allowed trump to shutdown the government and forced hundreds of thousands of w .
reminiscent of sf bart s shutdown of cell service repeaters on train platforms in 2011   .
one of my most loved messenger is shutting down  bbm  blackberry  sad  shutdown  .
 jaber alajji      shutdown  .
im hearing that   extinctionrebellion are to try and shutdown  heathrowairport just as ill be flying back home on .
facebook is a social engineering    is the time to shutdown   .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
but after sucsuful election campaign by maim stream political parties in central kashmir  they called shutdown  .
utility alert   water main flushing in namao ridge  amp  grandview subdivisions   .
a tear in my eye today as the announcement of bbm shutdown  i loved this messenger service from day 1  and still th .
comprehensiveness  storage and organizational methods  and materials usedand their content  the history of repress .
 thehackersnews time to shutdown facebook service completely     this not the first time facebook violated user confidentiality   .
 sairbeear  yazanjk  ttcnotices i don t count horrible situations like the one this morning but generally speaking  .
 jetairways so sad to see you shutdown temporarily i was on the last flight 9w121 from london on 11 april and was i .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown  .
if a conservative town decided to vote to put up lgbt flags in front of a middle eastern type restaurant  the us wo .
an  anthrax scare at bradford county hospital demonstrates the importance of  mailscreening  hospitals could reduce .
i heard this little bloodclart  djdombryan is throwing a party tonight at  bambubirmingham definitely shutdown ting.
 sean t barry  heyratty it was awesomely awkwardly tiny  it was my favourite venue to go to       i d always check on t .
the recent government shutdown shed light on a problem thats been growing for years  employees are hurting financi .
with likely loss of 80 000 jobs  experts ask inconvenient questions  why was  nareshgoyal allowed to leave india  w .
projek shutdown takde gambarr.
the once popular instant messaging application will be shutdown as of may 31  2019  .
 nickdacarlo  thedogzolice  john83563 this is a trek boer bot all they do is shutdown facts and realities to promot .
 team mitch like using children as pawns during the government shutdown   .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
  katyperry now owns the shutdown  must change laws   hanoisummit.
cnn is behind the food channel in ratings       the wages of lying is that no one trusts or believes you anymore       do y .
london reacts to xr   great to see non protesters supporting xr .
walking across waterloo bridge  extinctionr protest  i just overheard an elderly lady giving the most amazing expla .
blockchain social network  sola is shutting down         migrate your posts to  hyperspace 1        security  blockchain .
decision on kmtm pipeline will be delayed another month  this is another reason for alberta to get bill 12 ball rol .
 dirtydeathdog fallen order seems underwhelming  it seems more like the force unleashed  was it a mistake ea shutdo .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
alexandria changing hov restrictions for summer metro shutdown .
has royale high had a shutdown .
due to the forecasted inclement weather today  the course and club will shutdown at noon today .
consumers have shaken off shutdown  stock market jitters and bad weather and are back   retailsales soared so much .
 garretthaake silly me i thought he d lean heavy on the russian aluminum quid pro quo deal struck w the oligarch he .
 sharkbiotech dont forget the shutdown created s false stalling   fir instance it hit home sales because you cou .
amazon to shutdown its online store in china    .
 morning joe barr shutdown mueller  mueller not allowed to discuss certain information in front of congress  barr w .
brighton climate protesters help shut down capital for third day in arow .
bbm shutdown their service   mengenangbbm  fromcassandraside .
about 400 pilots have moved to other airlines  leaving the  jetairways with about 1 300  pilots  said a senior pilo .
this shutdown every manchester city supporters hearts last night  it was sad .
 tinyseokjinnie taegi    windows xp shutdown sound .
 ingrahamangle fascist democrats shutdown free speech  anything  amp  anyone that doesnt align with their agenda is ev .
 mstewable  bravo dude i stole this from fb during the government shutdown  .
 muellerreport how come no one is making the point thats is clear that barr abruptly shutdown the mueller investig .
we are live at 9 a m   news6wkmg with the latest update on the brush fire in brevard county     troopers have now reo .
an interesting report i heard  reliable   ann coulter would consider voting for bernie sanders    yet another reason .
total and complete shutdown on diving in fucking caves until we can figure out whats going on .
shutdown the economy until the report is released  shut it down  redamntweet this   muellerreport  muellerthursday .
 realdonaldtrump the government will require an even broader array of state employeesmost of whom are currently f .
          yes birmingham family   we re coming to your endz   don t be like our london family and .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown      .
 zjemptv like a shutdown on a computer .
   yes birmingham family   we re coming to your endz     don t be like our london family and leave .
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo oh the ban that doj changed multiple times  or what trump wanted  do you not know what  .
 mrdoggymeaty g  was our comfort zone of sorts after that it got shutdown s lot of us had nothing to go with  yes  .
update  the mrt 3 annual general maintenance shutdown continues on its fourth day today  18 april 2019       included i .
so  peruzzi vibes came to shutdown lead city yesterday with one red haired dj  definitely would want to see them to .
we can only hope these evil elites are shutdown  american working class are sick to death of the media and dems sti .
it looks like a user initiated a shutdown last night on a server   i am going to take responsibility for this since .
so does the weather man who shutdown dfw yesterday get fired .
theres nothing better than having a lead and then having your bullpen blow that lead  not to mention when theres .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
                     end the  shutdown .
 ttchelps  ttcnotices how does that work  i tapped on bus to vic park subway then it shutdown one stop after i got .
 kilmeade heres what you shutdown in your show  how dumb can you be  .
extinction rebels planning to shutdown london heathrow tomorrow .
 strgstylekaiju  jeremysimser  swampthingradio  theflashpodcast  dcuswampthing comic book news released an article .
   ultra96petalinuxshutdowntcf agent.
 thehill  thehillopinion the barr rollout is the usual sleeze from trumpublicans      like       trump relentlessly hating .
 kathrynw5 auto trigger shutdown by  fema for that particular combination in terms of volume and content .
 lombardipls  griff piff  dammitkris  deecauley  vinnyvidivici98  steeiernation julio is the only guy he has shutdo .
analysis of the proxy season at the sec by bloomberg law   .
                  abp news .
 klimawandel  kohleausstieg  energiewende  parentsforfuture  studentsforfuture  fridaysforfuture   .
 jason the wolf  thenobeds and you going to see that game  servers shutdown after 11 years.
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the uni .
   londonshutdown  tellthetruth  climateaction  marblearch  extinctionr  xryouth .
retail sales just smashed estimates  with upward revisions  residual seasonality  with a side of shutdown distortio .
ls polls  amid shutdown  old city prefers to stay away frompolling  .
 ttcnotices ive been at broadview since the shutdown  unable to get onto a shuttle for over 30min.
r dbz34 shutdown  .
 mariokart  nintendoamerica i had a good laugh at this last night  knew this was going to be a big deal and i m sur .
 anncoulter wow    elective lobotomy eh ann   i agree that our president really blew it when he caved on the govern .
 matthew wright  tvkev  missjanetellis  simonrim  timlovejoy  matthemley  thestage  talkradio the police were fanta .
 kausmickey  anncoulter wow    elective lobotomy eh ann   i agree that our president really blew it when he caved o .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  avgeek .
 can t sleep at night   despair over jobs as jet airways grounded more than 16 000 employees are demanding a govern .
if  retailsales  don t come in strong five minutes from now   and i bet they do   it won t be because i didn t do m .
 5600 stores closing down in massive nationwide shutdown of american business     trump want .
 nydiavelazquez remember that trip to puerto rico during the government shutdown  good times    .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
shutdown alert   pressplay     international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th apri .
the power went out last night and it always takes my ancient imac like a half hour to lurch back to life after an unplanned shutdown .
the remaining pins i need to master either evolve with shutdown pp or evolve both ways so i gotta mix battle and sh .
barr shutdown the investigation and didn t allow mueller to do his job  .
things that will more directly impact local residents than the  muellerreport  .
think about it  mueller don t want nothing to do with this  barr lied to the public in is summary that  mueller was .
well all things considered the ride was a great time in the sun    my garmin shutdown  amp  i lost ab 2km so restarted  amp  .
 rachaelvenables  lbc ole bill and khant made a rod for their own backs by not moving em on earlier  all sorts of o .
 godgamesgov  realcandaceo he most certainly said that  donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdo .
 spud edwards bonjour sean  we had to make a  shutdown  of the train  you should now board very shortly  merci  sl.
having previously called out justgiving for the amount they skimmed off charity donations  it s only fair to highli .
 kbrizz1 i reported it already   but you can go onto that account and report also so it gets shutdown.
mein fazist zum  overwatchde event ist folgendes  es is super gemacht  die story spielt halt vor dem shutdown von o .
biglang na drain katawan ko  gusto ko nalang mag shutdown  permanently .
 moeednj flatterers like you have ballooned the idiot of the century who has lead the economy of the country on the .
 unsubtledesi  vsurywanshi87 bhopal has already seen a lot   be it warren anderson running away from bhopal due to th .
       20             .
following an inter ministerial meeting in alexandra  leaders of the total shutdown in the township say that their p .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    i have some sleep disorders so   two weeks of just like t .
        20          jetairways.
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown via  freebeacon .
donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of sages entering the united states until our country  .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web mps  .
 metrorailinfo  jenjanowski1 jen  as a daily rider at this station  were you aware of this shutdown  how was it communicated to you   wmata.
united airlines  first quarter profit doubled to  292 million  despite starting the quarter with a partial governme .
 rvawonk  jw4hillary facebook needs to be shutdown for their continuous breaching of their clients personal inform .
        20         .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown   the common sense show .
things random men have explained to me this week    1  batman   2  stephen king novels   3  the internet   4  fan fiction   5 .
nodejs graceful start  amp  shutdown for minimal downtime and better error handling  .
omg   mailchimp you need to get some sort of emergency support   because of an auto reply setup we with our shared .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabwe again .
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabwe again .
 jeffbezos led amazon says it will shutdown  online marketplace in  china as it struggles to compete with local chi .
 indian point  entergy the shutdown should not occur until the iso has 2000 megawatts of replacement standing opera .
        20          the wire   hindi   hindi ne .
 sarah skg 1983 all of them lied  some lied to congress  i believe that barr shutdown the investigation when he cam .
 shutdown   00 .
today is probably a good day to shutdown the twitter machine with all the  trumpcolluded hysteria  last gasp of a d .
parliamentarians in support of the resolution mentioned      arbitrary killings by armed forces     jailing of kamto  amp  .
paradise lost  burnout paradise shutting down servers in august  gamer  life .
 oxhazelxo i was inches from the precipice with that voice in my head pushing me forward  i am now being treated fo .
wow air s collapse  while awful for travelers who d paid for upcoming flights  is a good opportunity to remind you .
 deycallmifame its actually cos in my office we have  shutdown  and work from home days  today happens to be my shu .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   uk     .
such a sad reality for those who earn their bread and butter while the owners send shutdown e mails  pack their bag .
    or     mercers attempt to quietly shutdown cambridge analytica to destroy evidence and avoid prosecution         sh .
yung yahoo mail ko hindi ko ma  access importante pa naman yun tapos ngayon naman nag shutdown phone ko hindi ko na mabuksan     kaiyak .
 extinctionrebellion london shutdown  xr freiburg  extinctionr de  extinctionr    .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
editing rogue element and man koles brain really was on the floor for like the first 20 minutes  i didnt know how t .
well that was fun while it lasted the big shiny new  authoritypizza  brentcross sc  is already closed at 12pm on a .
 chriswcpowell i really think the shutdown is a wild rumor  seems it started with the show getting knocked back to .
 richmartel  shadders333  vitalikbuterin  gulovsen will be very unlikely to change ever        liberty reserve got .
charlotte housing market cooled off in january      charlotte s housing market got off to a slow start in 2019  and som .
charlotte housing market cooled off in january      charlotte s housing market got off to a slow start in 2019  and som .
paradise lost  burnout paradise shutting down servers in august .
burnout paradise will shut down its servers in august  ending multiplayer after 11 odd years  burnout paradise rema .
 penguingalaxy2 im mad as there are so many cppss named galaxy penguin so i had to shutdown my cpps with 100 members   .
  blaw legal analyst  npeterrasmusse1 breaks down the 2019 proxy season  a must read   corpgov .
lib msm had access to facts for 2 years just like conservative media    yet you got it 100  wrong  biggest story in d .
 tometojemeto  f philippot  tonythommes quand  l immigration  si c tait la solution  tout nos problme    il suf .
 shutdown   00   .
         jet airways shutdown            print daily dainik gana .
 eunyangnbc good morning eun happy thursday  i enjoy watching you on news4  i wonder how the metro shutdown is goin .
did you know andy weissman was at hillary s victory party  andy was the enforcer leaker from the beginning but remo .
very sad to hear about the shutdown of  jetairways  one of our country s best brands in particular in aviation indu .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
people bus service shutdown in karachi   news 247urdu  .
 yemialadee keep elevating cant wait for you to shutdown 02 arena.
weekend of travel chaos as drivers are told to  stay at home     .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
weekend of travel chaos as drivers are told to  stay at home    .
 joannaerwin  repdancrenshaw he blocked their pay during the shutdown.
 watch   advocate brenda madumise  from the total shutdown movement tells us why she has joined the  effwomensmarch  .
 birdlandmlark  repdancrenshaw he withheld the little pay they get during the shutdown.
 mbevthereferee  chirpyma  jonrothstein gets shutdown and cant tweet anything but laughter   got it  .
 zoecharlucy  repdancrenshaw he doesnt  he voted to withhold their pay during the pointless shutdown.
 vellaiammalram ithu 24 7 company  it ila leave vitathum systema shutdown paniti porathuku.
windows       c  windows system32 shutdown exe   .
what is the cost to the american citizens for the     government shutdown    tariffs on exports  imports    disruption .
how do i stop doing twitter  i use my browser so an app shutdown thing isn t going to stop me .
 amit gulecha that is given    typical too big  amp  systemically important to fail    current shutdown is also tempora .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up   reuters .
crush ambik gambar ngan org lain   social media will be shutdown 24 7 .
single payer for all  health care for all  but no disability or comp for  ecdems own employees because they did .
why still no response from paypal  response   service  is  askpaypal   paypal  shutdown its services.
 bryceweiner i remember when i would shutdown my hss network from a smartphone  id blast the main router while pe .
dont focus on the inconvenience of today     focus on the extinction of your childrens tomorrow  its a nice    .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla  ekrem imamoglu.
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  here s what you can do   jet airways will offer a refund for all p .
 myblackthunder   control  alt  delete      shutdown.
tajamuka to  shutdown zimbabwe again   bulawayo24 news .
 jetairways shutdown  how to get a refund on your booked tickets  .
27 staff may be laid off not 600  as 2 branches go down   stanchat .
shutdown twitter for ina pls  twitter   buzzer really work hard   inaelectionobserversos.
server kpu di hack  pdam pun ikut ikutan di hack  air pdam ter shutdown  g iso adus     kawalairpdam.
 thtfuldwellings  jeffcarr4nms  davidccoon demonstrate the costs of belledune shutdown  demonstrate the costs of bu .
i barely remember anything my system totally shutdown the moment i saw their fits for dionysus i need to watch everything again.
twitter continue to shutdown conservative voice  their algorithm favors only liberal democrat socialist ideas  if y .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at title creature amid shutdown rumours  collider .
i want to know if barr forced the sci to be shutdown prematurely  it seems to me that there were many things left u .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
polling held for srinagar lok sabha seat amid shutdown   greater kashmir .
    if every one of the  extinctionrebellion protesters put similar effort into themselves switching from  fossil to .
hr1  hiring for  saudi arabia  shutdown  industry  plant maintenance  large  requirement  client interview   psitions .
hr1  hiring for  saudi arabia  shutdown  industry  plant maintenance  large  requirement  client interview   psitions .
d block europe  manchester      shutdown  via  sbtvonline.
 aesthetcxiiy beak  that shutdown only lasted five hours       youre fine .
thinking bout xr stuff i keep coming back to the  ukblm  shutdown actions in 2016  and the language of  crisis   an .
 china         amazon           amazon .
skepta shutdown was the one.
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
random shutdown restart problems with my iphone se this last week are really annoying   ffs.
 timesofindia  gadgetsnow read ambanis back door plan with supporting policies from government to ensure reliance g .
 mattparlmer  patrickc  interfluidity chinese government keeps threatening to shutdown btc mining but it won t actually happen .
why   you didnt force republicans to come back from their vacations when they ran things   also you didnt force .
what a bullshit  all of sudden they believe masepa after swearing so much to  hermanmashaba  this show anc has been .
ugh    dentist   sis  supermarket induced shutdown    one very exhausted and broken rainbow person .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24   malay mail .
yetki bana ait devam edebilirsiniz  shutdown .
the imtt sat and deliberated on the submissions by the shutdown committee and concluded that all the concerns and g .
after brief engagements the alexandra total shutdown committee undertook to continue to temporarily suspend the shu .
 de doj  fbi  cnn  when will this company be shutdown  amp  when will accountability be upheld  this is highway robb .
06 00   caroline md    denton    crash    eb 404 and deep shore rd    denton  300   ridgely   400   medics       eb 404 shutdow .
 oxchris  theabingdontaxi we used to get thursday afternoon off  but it was then transferred to the christmas shutdown .
 aami scarlet  bts twt window shutdown.
trump s political future at risk if the government shutdown continues for toolong   .
 psgalexis   jmf       im a chelsea fan bro i just like marcelo lmao  and i changed the subject because every poin .
 shefflibraries on shutdown from tomorrow until tuesday     people who need library pcs to administer universal credi .
mr eazi just dey shutdown everywhere  a king .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    2 days  time nga nahubog ko kauban ang angkan before ni s .
easter weekend travel chaos fears as drivers told stay at home with millions more cars on roads due to shutdown t .
 aoc you voice vote yes for the homeland security bill during the shutdown  but why let facts get in the way of your delusion .
 pietmeis1234 ja  total shutdown .
no impact of shutdown in kathmandu valley  police .
 truebs well said  shutdown my own knee jerk defense is one of the most important lines  not asking women and poc .
 yacovonerick  harryberezin  gueromexican831 his ability to call a great game is fluff  his ability was enhanced by .
the shutdown committee presented a detailed account of service delivery challenges and the long term issues of revi .
the imtt gave an opportunity to the alexandra total shutdown committee to table its memorandum of grievances and ch .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mitch mcconnell stood by and let dirty donnie shutdown the government       call a fake na .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
shutdown uk 2020 announcements coming soon  bigger and better  watch this space  .
 freya20166 please can you dm us more information regarding the shutdown that you experienced  thank you    laura.
 klm   i have a booking on the flight from bangalore to amsterdam on 28th april  can you please confirm there is no i .
we are currently investigating a traffic crash at nw 22 ave  amp  4 st involving a pedestrian who was struck and seriou .
columbia housing authority spent  756k on food  hotel expenses related to allen benedict court shutdown .
dont allow asylum claims  reject them all and force mexico to keep them or send them directly back to their countr .
 cnn  schneidercnn the barr rollout is the same sleeze that trump  amp  repubs have shown since 2016       trump relentles .
team stay safe workshops are raising money for  mentalhealth in the uk  we are challenging you all  to take part in .
also  dont forget the shutdown of the walter reed facility   our newer facilities are slated to be used for emerge .
happy birthday frank nkafu    shutdown alert   ghetto s exclusive birthday party this friday 19th april primoloung .
        20          jetairways  .
happy birthday frank nkafu    shutdown alert   ghetto s exclusive birthday party this friday 19th april primoloung .
happy birthday frank nkafu    shutdown alert   ghetto s exclusive birthday party this friday 19th april primoloung .
beledyeler shutdown    ekrem imamoglu.
 prathgodbole problem is that once it s a shutdown   it s impossible to revive   banks etc should have got in 3 6 m .
belediyeleeeer shutdown.
how to shutdown and startup a  kubernetes cluster in  vmware  pks .
aaf files for ch  7 after abrupt shutdown .
second phase of lok sabha polls in srinagar  amid shutdown on 18 april 2019  rising kashmir   srinagar  jammu and k .
brits shutdown is on day 2   .
kalo laptop mati ya shutdown.
the president directed that the inter ministerial task team must within one week  meet with the alexandra total shu .
the inter ministerial task team on service delivery  imtt  met with the alexandra total shutdown committee  in alex .
imtt heeds the president s call to engage the shutdown committee on the alexandra renewal programme interventions .
udhampur 30   srinagar 05  polling recorded in till 1 pm  clashes erupted in budgam  shutdown being observed across .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 morningjoe  joenbc  amp  other media  pundits  rallied for barr being a  by the book  guy  when history clearly sugges .
 starbucks ta ders almak iin mthi bir gndr    starbucks a gitmisimdir     belediyeler shutdown n szlerini worde yazmmdr.
        20          jetairways  .
jet airways shutdown  16 000 permanent employees jobless now  says employee s union    .
 stefan keyes  ctvottawa and here comes the 10 pm market shutdown    .
 vermontgmg because it is  almost like media letting a realitytv personality trump run around shaping a narrative r .
other news  easter travel delay warnings    .
stanchart to shutdown 2 branches  refutes 600 staff layoffs    .
for all those who want to know  what about the jp miles  mohitjo    jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure an .
yall be so juiced over instagram  that shit means nothing bro it could get shutdown tomorrow and most of yall wou .
centrus part 5  the dirty shutdown of the paducah plant .
more than four million people will face  water supply disruption for up to four days from april 24 due to the shutd .
 lfpress i know your plain and i m going to counter it  dont miss with smart minds  i ll see your papers go to the .
magagalit ka kasi na shutdown  e tanga nilowbat mo e bobo lang hahaha.
jpmorgan s jamie dimon warns of shutdown impact    foxbusiness.
 1fullertonindia  it s not just about collecting too much interests and scamming ppl  focus on  customerservice too .
 lawrence do we know for certain that the mueller report wasnt actually shutdown by bill barr  .
new post       henrietta abraham from the shu         april 18  2019.
so my question is who is held responsible for all the ecnomic shutdown for last 8 months  asadumar.
 erbmjha  nindaturtles  ravishndtv sahi h ye to sab dikhta h isiliye log ndtv nhi dekhate tension not after few mon .
traffic red alert  i 985 sb is shutdown south of queen city parkway  exit 20  in hall county   atltraffic  wsbtv .
jpmiles  secure and remain intact   says jetprivilege after jet airways shutdown .
no impact of shutdown in kathmandu valley  police .
 detracemusic  uprewt shutdown.
 rednationrising  chatbycc  potus the october 2020 surprise will be a coordinated shutdown suppression of conservat .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 bsnlcorporate  cmdbsnl    bsnl still date nt entered gsm landphone business actively which    have huge potential after shutdown of wll   cdma.
london shutdown goes on in fourth day of climate change protests  .
span  four million consumers to be affected by water treatment plant shutdown on april 24 .
ot7 shutdown .
 comfort996 i got very worried comfort in january during the shutdown  i was irritable  fidgety  and restless  it s .
          16                 awaazmarkets    nidhirai87.
update  the mrt 3 annual general maintenance shutdown continues on its fourth day today  18 april 2019        dotrph .
       plant news    1  company  kpic   2 product  olefins conversion unit  ocu    3 location  onsan  s korea   4 capacity   .
jet airways grounded   here s how it will affect the aviation industry    .
error  apache shutdown unexpectedly in xampp 2019  via  youtube.
shutting down servers for electrical shutdown  been up since 4 45am this morning .
ich hab s fast geahnt  als die woche losging  dass  migrne wieder zu besuch kommt   erst krieg ich kaum was gesch .
louisiana is shutdown today  y all be safe out there   lalege .
swamp thing surfaces in first teaser following surprise production shutdown .
 fouadraheb then the problems of shutdown of whatsapp  has no solution  online notify  do not let add favorite contacts.
update  the mrt 3 annual general maintenance shutdown continues on its fourth day today  18 april 2019       included i .
quick reminder   easter  shutdown  pneumatics  fluidpower .
sadly we shutdown we have reopened nine network.
social networking sites should be shutdown for the day of election and the day before it      loksabhaelections2019 .
the shutdown of the reasons  andreachalupa and finally succumbed and never has totally serfdom .
   .
                         whose shutdown   trumpshutdown .
yesterday was little bronnie  greyhound s 5th birthday  i adopted her  bgpuk as a terrified  shutdown girl 2 years .
 amazon will shutdown online marketplace in china  report  .
 vijayrupanibjp due to the corrupt policy of the government  big losses to the economy of the country many core of .
 mediha m i don t think it s why most people are really single or even believe it s why they are  it s the quickest .
after today i dont have to be up this early until summer shutdown .
 asad umar  imrankhanpti indeed you are intelligent to run a company but we don t see any competencies to run count .
 talbertswan obama could have shut down fox news the way republicans    shutdown al jazeera  he could have also began .
   sudo shutdown  h now   pc   .
sumabay pa to   .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
it s a different kind of sadness when your expressed feelings leave someone shutdown  especially when you love and .
k         .
 edkrassen more churches feeding the homeless have been shutdown because the government doesnt know if it is dieta .
happy easter 2019 from site equip     read more to find out about our important easter shutdown information  .
happy easter 2019 from site equip     read more to find out about our important easter shutdown information  .
 skynews shame its coming to this  schools it should purchase some form of monitoring software  which gives the ab .
help reduce our energy use by turning off electrical equipment  where this can safely be done  during the easter .
apna virsa shutdown tesco extra with a bhangra flash mob celebrating vaisakhi    ipm bitesize .
   windows       linux  .
love it  looks like even the rozzers are having a nice time       big up to the  brooklynbridge crew  .
 world  news shutdown being observed in iok against so called indian elections      srinagar  a complete shutdown is be .
 kynes3  elliemail will they try  amp  shutdown the project like they did with ronnie salt  or threaten hamish  like th .
a  nepalarmy soldier has sustained injuries in the course of defusing the  ieds planted by the netra bikram chand   .
                                .
 jetairways shutdown  16 000 permanent  employees  jobless now  says employee s  union    jetairways .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
ghulam nabi azad has mumbled something to the effect that what else you could expect from bjp  there is a complete .
major  metro shutdown in northern virginia will last all summer  it will affect sections of the yellow and blue lin .
 2teamtraffic  donelson  donelson pike shutdown near the airport for a bad crash  updates   alerts on  gmn  wkrn .
the video and image of this person on notre dame cathedral keeps getting removed and shutdown all oooover the inter .
 jainsiddharth   jetairways so whose fault is this   what z ur analysis for this shutdown.
a huge 4k for  tucks403 but the ace shutdown             eslaunz    csgo .
 jetairways guys  what are your strategist doing  how can you be temporarily shutdown  have you guys worked on your .
injured plaintiffs  families hurt again by gov t shutdown   law360 on malpractice law    .
amazon china to shut down its online store by july 18      via   gizmochina     amazon.
 lewis goodall  nigel farage the amount of media coverage for farage has been huge while remain have been shutdown .
brighton climate protesters help shut down capital for third day in a row   .
  nationmediagrp s performance was adversely impacted by a temporary shutdown of its television station in kenya  a .
 theonlynickyb  nygfootballkev the proposal didnt get shutdown tho  it was the motion to vote on a cloture.
 zilv gudel omg  i m eating      .
i dont receive the prompters leh cannot be  everyones comp receives prompters is it cause i dont shutdown m .
yall really shutdown the mnet stream hhhh.
i shutdown on situations i feel i should have never been put in or have to go through .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
please see below our opening times for the upcoming bank holiday period  any requests or enquiries sent in during s .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
why is mnet website suddenly shutdown.
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change .
 jetprivilege says value of jpmiles secure   mukeshambani makes it to time s 100 most influential list   airindia c .
      shutdown abort      kill  9  pmon .
 jetairways shutdown  16 000 permanent employees jobless now  says employee s union    jetairways .
jpmiles  secure and remain intact   says jetprivilege after jet airways shutdown        jetairwayscrisis  jpmiles       .
 guardian one or two more disasters and the whole offshore industry will face huge bureaucracy and or total shutdow .
 shehusani that is your opinion  i think is the responsibility of the president to give a direct order to sa presid .
this is not the future for digital data we want in eu   saveyourinternet would it be possible to execute a temporar .
bole tak nak shutdown everything kejap .
 manick62  damn  magazine typical of the remainer labelling tactic to delegitimise voices they disagree with   you  .
 virsanghvi the phenomenal screwup by govt makes me suspect some minister will buy it at peanuts otherwise ministry .
 rlthingy nga prnah di shutdown ya .
yall steady living for everybody else   what if instragram and facebook shutdown now all ur tattoos only u can see .
my first air travel was with  jetairways which later moved on other airlines but today the shutdown of  jetairways .
shutdown being observed in iok against so called indian elections .
a nepal army soldier has sustained injuries in the course of defusing the improvised explosive devices  ieds  plant .
she got served       .
the mobile internet services in the poll bound areas of kashmir have been snapped amidst a shutdown against the pol .
end times news headlines    4 17 19    teamcavuto  shepnewsteam 2 nwo script readers  you ar .
brits town shutdown in madibeng municipality     enca  sabcnewsonline.
vertech are seeking an instrumentation electrician for a shutdown running 27th april   13th may       must have      aust .
a  nepalarmy soldier has sustained injuries in the course of defusing the  ieds planted by the netra bikram chand   .
jet airways shutdown  16 000 permanent employees jobless now  says employee s union   india.
easter holiday traffic on the countrys major national roads is threatened with disruption by a truck driver shutdo .
shutdown in srinagar on the day of elections  news18dotcom .
due to the corrupt policy of the government  big losses to the economy of the country many core of bhrastachar and .
ang galing naranasan ko nang mag shutdown ng lab nung dec tas bukas startup naman hahahahahaha.
.
she stupid  the passion rubs off on ya  .
good on her  .
 theeconomist no   you have that the wrong way round  he is capable of hacking   as was the person who saved the nh .
 bogdaemir  windows not if you shut off the 1 0 switch in the back  obviously  but it can wake up from a shutdown  like from a sleep .
moment a duck and ducklings shutdown highway    sky news .
 icymi  transport minister blade nzimande says he has been assured by the security cluster that any planned shutdow .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 btvi  theofficialsbi  jetairways  jetcrisis  jetairwaysbailout  narendramodi  pmoindia  sureshpprabhu had this bee .
                         indianelection .
 opinion   reviving jet is easier said than done  will potential investors be willing to pump in mega bucks to save .
curfew in indian occupied kashmir as elections are underway on two constituencies of occupied kashmir valley    kashm .
 hardlyundead  michaeldnetto1 i thought i lost you when i shutdown straight lines  nice that i found you again .
google worker infected with measles visited california campus         keep circulating  potus  .
 coleyworld he ate every leftover hamberder and piece of kfc at those banquets he threw during the government shutd .
ls polls 2019        budgam records highest turnout till 01 pm       srinagar april 18   amid the complete shutdown in the .
kim clement prophecies   paris  amp  france  2010   2015  notre dame fire    you decide  .
facebook is a cancer  it is out of control and should be shutdown    fmd .
 tracytlm45  skau61  glopol analysis  yvonnegetcarter  hairlossclinic1  cjsienna55  whereangelsdare  usgovignorance .
 cagsil  chooselovetoday  petejohn10  bbfunk01  crg crm  russ warrior  clarkkentwars  zd arts  cbs  carrolltrust .
 thalestral forgive if off topic  im feeling sick about the massive school shutdown that just happened in colorado .
 jetairwayscrisis   jet airways has suspended all its operations rendering 16 000 permanent employees jobless while .
here s my report of  brighton s impact on yesterday s  extinctionrebellion demonstrations in london  including an i .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
why are they having to shutdown so many churches i wonder  .
shutdown .
normal life in kailali district has been affected due to nepal banda called by netra bikram chand  biplav  led grou .
 gameinformer the problem i have is physical copies of games that can be played with or without the internet mean y .
they better be release this .
 jezzaj yes    is anybody working next week    so many out of offices when i sent a group email just after 5pm  shutdown.
1   1    .
 kameron84110582  packersforthewn  22jbright  zachkruse2 yeah you mean the defense that was getting shredded by cal .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
my goal from tonight until monday  aka the 4 days i have no school  is to have one day without a meltdown or a shut .
i am stuck in css hell right now and i am really really upset because i used to keep pp funded to avoid shutdown.
jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure and intact   says jet privilege  via  bt india.
jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure and intact   says jet privilege  via  bt india.
in wake of the second phase of polls in the  kashmir  a complete shutdown is being observed across the valley  sepa .
amid shutdown 17 8  votes polled till 11 am in jammu and kashmir  while the udhampur recorded 26 28   polling  the .
current regime in  india will not accept it s failure  policies and implementation led to  unemployment and shutdow .
north states lok sabha election voting live updates  srinagar notes low turnout of 4 37  after hurriyat s call for .
mega kill   double kill   triple kill   maniac   shutdown.
 jetairwayscrisis sad day that a great airline is on the verge of shutdown  india market is not ripe for private se .
shutdown affects normal life in kailali .
i feel so terrifying sad  dumb and frustrated   if i could go back  ill take nearest flight but now is in shutdo .
students and staff enjoying the easter shutdown  a reminder that  university campuses are closed today until wednes .
the scary truth about the notre dame fire that no one is talking about     fakenewsmedia an satanic  teamcavuto .
 thecolossus  aoc no its her 1st ammendment right to speak the truth  aoc didnt force the bodega shutdown  this w .
there is a planned shutdown by truck drivers in protest of foreign drivers today or tomorrow on major roads.
 aliumbritt  recovery twice because i did not give it permission  with reason  and it had a thermal shutdown midinstall     .
 loksabhaelections2019   voting in  srinagar has been dull at best  registering a paltry 4 37  when it comes to vot .
 georgin24661487  milton damian  abaukdiscussion  shonadav  intelligimus  sheffieldluke  richard autism  ddumorgana .
where else would you be than terrakulture  cant believe it is actually here     get ready for the easter shutdown th .
 jainsiddharth   jetairways unforgiving country       what led to the shutdown       is the government responsible       how co .
   shutdown      1 5   1   1 5         171  .
today is a good day to do that in production database    shutdown immediate    startup mount    alter database set compat .
shutdown being observed in occupied kashmir today .
after almost 2 years of shutdown due to the conflict in the central african republic  we are happy to hear that cor .
    kim jong un sees it better than anyone and will not have been saying this all     many of the shutdown.
 reallyswara  jetairways the same tweet was seen when kingfisher was shutdown    this shows madams double standards .
 teachersilvert  regitice35  anglaisalves  mrssavourat  missbeney  zeliamalhaire  daraujo23678267  vdglr .
 greatpaulsmith if i was more tech savvy  id start a poll for guesses as to when the factories have a maintenance .
the occupied authorities have made heavy deployment of indian police and paramilitary personnel across the three di .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the  extinctionrebellion  shutdown   video .
 hollysha  still ok boleh pakai no worries  unless dia ada tulis unexpected shutdown.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
very sad to see jet airways shutdown but surprising that though naresh goyal stepped down in march 2019 and banks s .
 jules in love  audeoisjohn  jay06253610  realdonaldtrump 12 28 18  taxpayers are subsidizing mar a lagos new year .
i 64 partially shutdown after semi fire in bath county .
the shutdown leaves a huge question mark over the future of over 16 000 direct and 6 000 contractual employees  .
shutdown being observed in kashmir on poll day  .
 gulraizkhan  bbhuttozardari  sindhcmhouse apparently  the decision to shutdown the bus service postponed taken bac .
 cuppymusic  cuppymusic that dream will surely become true   it s your time to shine   so go and prosper   tu f .
 jetairways the first name that comes to my mind among all airlines    ontime departure and even before time arriva .
when dat tune from the shutdown empire  djmicsmith x bhim nation  stonebwoyb drops   even da rain cant cool .
 bilaloparatha  yayawwarr and i think that applied to the whole debate thing that happened where it was shutdown  pst19.
the comeback of the queen warrior is finally almost here  brave yourself of the never ending drama     get ready for .
 grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
easter shutdown      our factory  warehouse  amp  offices will be closed friday 19th april to monday 22nd april  you will n .
auto shutdown ang mata sa backhugs  yes  temporarily lang to.
shutdown of  jetairways can lead to major demand supply mismatch into peak summer demand  jet flight share on top 1 .
 inteluk  hpuk my current laptop is on its way out  old faithful needs it s final shutdown eventually and a new lap .
   jetairways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds       if india is progressing with  sabka saath saa .
 loupalumbo  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream which is within their right  as congress  they have control .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
cash strapped airline  jetairways flew its last flight on the amritsar delhi mumbai route on april 17 and announced .
 willyshakesays  twitch  twitch  helpless  half dead  brain shutdown  a fever or alcohol induced dream  what this h .
         20             businessnews .
 ubuntu isn t ubuntu one shutdown .
 yes go go     ubuntushutdownreboot   sbin.
let the countdown begin  as we await the arrival of the queen warrior at the terrakulture stage we have decided to .
shutdown being observed in iok against so called indianelections  .
after  jetairways shutdown partner   airfrance  airfrancein customer service is in total meltdown n unable to handl .
disruption gets noticed  and there is appetite for making real progress on tackling climate change        extinction re .
enough   computer shutdown   may the long weekend commence.
is jet airways shutdown really temporary  why getting it back in the skies is easier said thandone .
is jet airways shutdown really temporary  why getting it back in the skies is easier said thandone .
ducks shutdown highway      .
reddit s r games stages april fool s day shutdown to protest gamer toxicity geek .
noticing the extravaganza in marriages in pakistan  govt has increased the taxes and registration fees for marriage .
 garkuo  microhonkytonk that s a pavlovian shutdown tactic .
all the trains out of  hualien are delayed and last i checked trains in taipei are still shutdown pending inspectio .
because of the shutdown i served them massive amounts of reductionism  i paid   over 1 000 hamberders etc .
 vivekagnihotri  vinodkapri  tv9bharatvarsh  narendramodi shutdown tv9 bharatvarsh  .
 charithwwe  dulithk shutdown       .
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  heres what you can do .
jet airways shutdown  booked a jet airways flight  heres what you can do .
now  is it possible to say  everyvoteformodi even after watching these ads  don t know why most of the bjp supporte .
                    .
 trending shutdown being observed in iok against so called indian elections  .
 shedantler  captainswoop1  mcharlesperry  abranesample  arandolphhill  diablokatdesign  rodstryker of course not  .
      700          .
no one called shutdown of jet as victory of the masses over elite supremacy .
to salvage the disrupted ransom extortions  ransomware distributors are getting creative with google ads  .
 msapunya bantu kpu dengan cara ketikan di cmd  perintah shutdown  s kemudian enter      tunggu selama 1 menit.
shutdown being observed in iok against so called indianelections  .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
india prime minister jet to consider all options  including a temporaryshutdown .
now that  jetairways has temporarily shutdown its shop  what happens to the jet privilege part of the business  are .
creative brain refuses to shutdown  pls send halp.
rt engadget  car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
every week government is shutdown citizens should get 2  tax deduction april 18  2019 at 03 01am.
 car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
dgl easter  amp  anzac day closure     we would like to notify you of our office shutdown period during the easter holida .
 kim9973  redpbluep  cassandrarules all the momentary exposure accomplishes is a shutdown development  amp  integration .
 danjohnson998  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump this article was written before the government shutdown and trumps fa .
trump didnt conspire with russia  donald was dupped by vladimire putin  since the government is shutdown shouldnt .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 jaysekulow congress did actpassed two bipartisan resolutions that your client walked away from  in fact  he vetoe .
video report   amid shutdown  mobile internet restrictions polling gets underway in srinagar  udhampur ls constitue .
 tabassumnaiz but in reality we shouldnt be letting people in power to force or push indian exchanges to shutdown .
this agency wont shutdown  but their only rookie will .
              21    .
former national police chiefs council chairwoman sara thornton said co ordinating the response was a job for no  10   .
this is not just a shutdown or stop off    while globe is preparing for  2020  incidents like  jetdown is not a goo .
i was born after 1980  all i know is  gukurahundi  esap  blackmonday  landinvasion  economicmeltdown  dollarisation .
the way regimes try to shutdown activist art gives me hope i am in fact doing the right thing          if it was so .
video   amid shutdown  mobile internet restrictions polling gets underway in srinagar  udhampur ls constituencies   .
its very interesting that  aglenergy who sold or shutdown all their gas producing assets are the ones arguing that .
when large businesses go down  it invariably leads to a large scale human resources disaster   jet airways shutdown .
jet airways shares tank 34  after temporary shutdown    .
 jetairways flying domestic wont be the same guys    really wish a grand comeback from you guys   as someone said a .
it feels like it s been forever since the last real content update for swtor  i know a lot of people in 2018 went t .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
happy birthday to  sonyyay     i hate you from bottom of my heart    please get shutdown fast  kind request from me  .
another group of tribal leaders in mindanao reached out to the government for the shutdown of a left leaning local .
watch  urgent alerts  shutdown in tshwane and black monday changes venue  on youtube .
 teguhgondoprase server tinggal di shutdown ajh kelarkan   .
enthusiastic voters reached polling stations today in  kathua   reasi  amp   udhampur districts of udhampur  loksabha s .
 abbasnasir59 could also be due to peace talks in afghanistan  do whatever damage you can do before consulates camp .
if your business can not pay a livable wage then your business deserves to be shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up   reuters .
grounded jet airways  shares sink  rivals rush to grab market share .
great video truly inspiring  extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
 anthonyvslater all excuses for how hes been getting shutdown by beverley allllllll season long .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
 robert4533  ladygaga i know but think how epic itd be  itd shutdown the  homecomingbeyonce hype.
what a bitch  let people enjoy the things they like  if youre such an egocentric shit bird that other people enjoy .
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change .
shutdown being observed in  occupiedkashmir today  .
             hyderabad  barclosed  close  shutdown  bhaarattoday .
jet s loss is indigo and spicejet s gain    .
easter holiday traffic on the countrys major national roads is threatened with disruption by a truck driver shutdo .
 bettemidler at this point it would not surprise me if the fbi is shutdown pending a full investigation   meaning f .
 nopolitiko  katiepavlich    moscow tower  money laundering  caged kids  travel ban  shutdown  break alliances  scr .
 altefalken  airin nz sudo apt get update   sudo dpkg  i prabowo shutdown.
 jointresistanceleadership  an amalgam of  separatist bodies  has called for  shutdown today .
 jasongregor except they don t have cap room so no matter what  changes are coming    not really minor losing top 6 .
 sumanthraman shouldve shutdown internet and tv on voting day to pull crowd out.
tara laro ng tetris bago mag shutdown.
i saw this on the sun app and thought you d be interested      easter weekend travel chaos fears as drivers told stay .
lush uk deletes all social media accounts  will australian retailers follow suit    smartcompany .
 chitika  publisher  ads  adnetwork  advertisement  advertising  shutdown  closing  chitika  chitikainsights .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump this was the day you fell asleep before the longest unnecessary shutdown in history  .
 salima252  her alone  luviku sekarang prasangka buruk  yg ngehack ya dari org dalam sendiri  02 ngapain ngehack ka .
 kmutisi  queenofretweet what else would they do besides taking for themselves  zimbabweans like you celebrated whe .
a  complete shutdown  has taken place in kashmir  greater kashmir reports  after joint resistance leadership called .
ls polls  shutdown in poll bound areas  internet suspended    .
 masyrafr kalau tetiba phone undergo unexpected shutdown mcm mana .
amid shutdown  mobile internet restrictions polling gets underway in srinagar     .
      700          .
      700          .
shares of   flyspicejet jumped as much as 15 percent on news that  jetairways had suspended its operations       .
also  colour me stressed the hell out because i only got 2 weeks notice that my job is gonna be shutdown for 9 days .
 mer squared didnt happen mostly because i was travelling in the us during the govt shutdown .
if all the people shedding tears for  jetairways shutdown contributed rs 101   each  the airline will be up in the .
 chaubeyji  .
 sigje i have an issue where mine will shutdown  sometimes  if i plug it in  does wonders for the meeting alarms  .
srinagar  kashmir valley is observing a complete shutdown on thursday while the polling for the srinagar parliament .
ls polls  amid shutdown  srinagar witnesses 1 23 percent voting till 9 am   .
 mohitkbsharma .
 mm2llc  teamspaceil the imu was malfunctioning  an inertial gyroscope  causing the spacecraft to misread its accel .
 morley hall he is too slow for top line play  and has proven to be too lazy to play a shutdown line role .
akechis left is right  right is left bullshit is either supposed to be representative of his ability to mess wit .
 jetairways had a solid 14  of indias international airline capacity share before shutdown with india exhausting b .
my laptop crashed  shutdown  and wont turn back on anymore so skdjsj.
london mayor  sadiqkhan says capital open for business  its been shutdown because police stopped from clearing streets of eco wallies.
 kristi huebner  prisonplanet getting shutdown because they mention that theres been a series of churches attacked .
 syouth1 agree broadly  but is assuming every shutdown fund an underperformer a bias   does it capture pms moving  .
spicejet says taking measures to deal with capacity crunch after jet airwaysshutdown  .
spicejet says taking measures to deal with capacity crunch after jet airwaysshutdown  .
 sumitya59395596 planned shutdown at your area expected restore at 01 30 pm.
it s a sad day in indian aviation industry  with the closure of  jetairways we loose indias one of the most well kn .
what if all the negative spin about barr is wrong  what if instead  he rescued the investigation from trump s coerc .
traffic alert  part of i 64 in bath county is closed after a semi fire  people tell wkyt they ve been sitting in tr .
 ghostblackcyber serangan ke server rc c 1 kampus prabowo sekarang server saya shutdown perhitungan manual akhir ny .
 mikedawesnz argh  the shutdown for easter always throws me.
i don t know if this is some kind of weird coincidence or something neferious  but three times now after opening th .
 jetairways to suspend ops today after lenders reject call for funds  report    .
jet airways shutdown deals a big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change      it will have an adverse im .
srinagar  as the srinagar constituency goes to polls kashmir valley is observing a complete shutdown on thursday wh .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
 jetairways tanks 34  after temporary shutdown  huge selling by investors     .
leaders of the total shutdown in the township say that their protest is suspended until they get feedback from mini .
shutdown of  jetairways can lead to major demand supply mismatch into peak summer demand  jet flight share on top 1 .
besides other obvious costs  one immediate fallout of  jetairways shutdown would be on psu financials  the airline  .
great video truly inspiring  extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
jet airways         833         via  fehindi.
 kynes3  danteruker i will  after they shutdown the internet  and stop building skyscrapers  and manufacturing cars .
   moscow tower  money laundering  caged kids  travel ban  shutdown  break alliances  screw up nuke talks  mishandl .
low turnout in srinagar parts and moderate polling in upper reaches of budgam and ganderbal district marked the sec .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
 jetairways tanks 34  after temporary shutdown  touched a low of 158 70 on nse  spice jet  amp  indigo  interglobe  surged .
it is day 1 of the jet airways shutdown    undoubtedly a big blow to the indian aviation sector     livemint looks at t .
 pollwatch   as srinagar constituency goes to polls  the kashmir valley is witnessing a complete shutdown on thursd .
cool jewelry inspired by fridakahlo .
 263chat when is the next shutdown just want to know hangu.
 danigargon  altayo metros are shutdown.
slow voting  shutdown and immense security arrangements  srinagar constituency goes for polls  .
jet airways shares tank 34  after temporary shutdown  .
.
shutdown in poll bound areas of occupiedkashmir  .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
students cheat during exams   gt  nationwide internet shutdown that costs millions of       youths abuse pubg   gt  ban the .
wrt 5th jan 9th mar 16th apr19 view  read embedded tweets fr ref  on  jetairways    downhill journey exactly panning .
random update  shutdown causes.
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now .
lok sabha elections  shutdown in kashmir valley  mobile internet suspended in wake of 2nd phase ofpolling .
 angrierwhstaff really hope none of you liberals believe this  its your q  worked many years in dc and if this w .
pag shutdown mo globe oy yaya man lang internet ninyo ug data.
isn t this thing 2ponder  in period of 5 6 yrs our1 airline is near 2 shutdown n 1 is already shut   that too out of .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after spate of london stabbings   london   knifecrime  .
 park  expressnews hi   park  yes  i believe city specific numbers will be released in late may if they arent dela .
 slagcarangi overload system shutdown   lt b l gt   eushdl   monitor off .
watch  mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelation on pelosi    on youtube   .
hillary must end shutdown and finish funding  billions of dollars   amp  lives  will be saved   imwithyou.
 vinodkapri vinod ji   there was one more airlines   kingfisher airlines  expecting words from u about that time wh .
in their defense  they had to play defense with government shutdown and all the other daily absurdities by trump  .
algenis drug lord  the peoples champion  2012       track list        01  intro       02  300 barras       03  loco con papeles .
 simonmahan  nuclearcorgi  oldmh  brianschatz i like the lede   both units at the south texas project  stp  continu .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
remember when kingfisher was in trouble  the continuous flow of news  it stretched for almost a year  there has not .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mitch mcconnell and donald trump are responsible for the longest government shutdown i .
 renebeauchamp4  sotiridi  stefanmolyneux  update  just in   the last worker leaving the scaffolding at the .
today ballast point closed its temecula brewpub and announced its miramar warehouse will soon shutdown    .
a complete shutdown is being observed on thursday across the kashmir valley in wake of second phase of lok sabha po .
after kingfisher is noe jet airways   the complete shutdown of every jet flight by today evening     .
 bruce arthur bruce  the issue in canada is that american foreign funds are being used to shutdown our resource sec .
its funny growing up if this was done right the whole party would shutdown for few seconds from the pandemonium  .
 bheeshm rawat  ansudasa  bibipakhii  sanjukta  rahulgandhi 1938   nehru established national herald run by ajl own .
 serious jammage how fitting is it that two of the three relievers who blew that game turned into shutdown closers.
equate shutdown projects in kuwait  oil  amp  gas jobs kuwait2019  .
shutdown of  jetairways is really unfortunate when as a country which is exponentially growing market for the aviat .
what a pace  that period was all avs who doubled the  flames shots  the flames tried to go into shutdown mode to pr .
 team mitch youre a national disgrace  stealing a supreme court vacancy  robbing people of affordable healthcare  .
 mlkhattar shutdown saral haryana website as it is of no use    filled marriage certificate form online now nagar n .
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change   livemint.
 ayandamsweli46 konakele kum37 ngaseadams uya embumbulu  adams burning  roads shutdown .
 obcannabis  norml cwa  yahoofinance not to mention lobbies for the shutdown of the illegal market  .
 1stevenortizjr steven  bome go the university of ky  we need shutdown corners  uk was 12 in defense last year  our .
 india  1st hour of trade   sensex  139 pts   nifty  69 pts at opening amid flat sgx cues  make all time highs  but .
jet airways shutdown big blow to aviation sector  market dynamics set to change .
a girl was raped by her father  attempted to rape her another daughter as well and the elder daughter committed sui .
 mzhemingway yep    just think we had doctors in this country charged for trading sex and money for opioids and the .
 kelectricpk suffering from phase shutdown since day before yesterday complaint has already been launched but as us .
a week after the clarkson cup final   thecwhl came to a sudden halt when jayna hefford and the cwhl s board of dire .
 windows  amp  sometime it freezes for no reason then it stuck at that state until i force shutdown the pc by holding down the power button .
 joeflex73  skot69  jonstall2009 don t go violent if that happens  go national shutdown  you don t even have to be .
complete shutdown against indian election drama in occupied kashmir  .
when i shutdown  i shut all the way down.
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 dchrismartin we feel your pain  have seen the city shutdown on the threat of possible ice before  maybe we tend to .
jet airways shares tank 34percent after temporary shutdown     rravindia    livemint .
 peterndoro  satoday sabc mr ndoro r u implying tht only alexander mst get intervention  while there r so many othe .
complete shutdown in chennai due to polling   never seen such a thing  all shops are closed     all organisations completely closed.
for  lithium  batterymineral stocks to recover we need a shutdown of major mine somewhere on the planet like  vale .
 genormand maybe mid summer might be a good time to do some  required maintenance  requiring a shutdown for a few m .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
testing these strategies be nerve racking but its sooo necessary .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
get ready for the royal shutdown today  click here gt  gt   to book tickets now and secure your .
swap the green wit purple  .
 udhampur  enthusiastic voters reached polling stations on thursday in kathua  reasi and udhampur districts of udha .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 chint power systems pv inverters provide rapid shutdown with tigos ul certification.
a duck and her 10 chicks sparked the shutdown of a stretch of highway in southeast austria on sunday  april 14  aft .
 beatybean3965 the servers have crashed down  you will have to wait to get it fixed  rumor has it that it was a sch .
twitter shutdown .
the great 2 photon shutdown of 2019   day 8    the backup plan   we are moving forward getting the new ini 2 photon s .
 srinagar  a complete shutdown is being observed on thursday across the kashmir valley in wake of the second phase .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
binding bids from investors to determine jet airways  revival  say lenders       temporary shutdown    jetairways.
 kashmir      shutdown in  srinagar  ganderbal  budgam amid tight security  normal business everywhere else       dear srin .
trus mi daddy .
 cdwcorp  fedit  shutdown  techtips  tech  federalgovt   cdwsocial.
 southafrica  alex shutdown protests suspended .
ive officially shutdown im done with everything bye .
one big victory announced tonight is a full time bilingual tenant support worker  tenants asked for a multilingual .
shutdown  internet gag  low polling in srinagar lok sabha constituency till 9 30 am  voter enthusiasm missing in sr .
nintendo  is making me cry with this damn server shutdown  i wanna punch the guy who came up with the idea  in the .
 swamptalking  aficklebiscuit still want to see it  but honestly the news of the production shutdown has put a damper on things for me .
this breaks my heart  not because to hear about shutdown of jet airways  but because i can feel how does it feels t .
so proud that three of our members received  feedingamericas inaugural living our values awards   knockouthunger .
when the crew finds out dfw is shutdown and bus to leave ballpark is tbd due to weather in texas and its already p .
the last couple of days have been tough on colorado  half a million kids couldn t go to school because of a threat .
now loading         shutdown .
 dineshdsouza remember  mrs obama went to    spain around the mysterious gulf shutdown shopping for mansions on the c .
 realjameswoods thank god they shutdown the trump foundation  ill sleep better tonight .
 jamesokeefeiii  michellemalkin didn t  chase bank that shutdown proud boys leaders bank accounts .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 cnbc good thing theyre testing a voice system to rival siri and amazon  these guys should be shutdown  i deleted .
   twitteryoutubeshutdown .
 barnacules  realdonaldtrump you know  speakerpelosi attempted to take a 2 week vacation during the government shut .
 monamielarose depends on what caused the meltdown shutdown  but sometimes it helps.
 sallyqyates sally why not subpoena mueller and let him release his own report i hope mueller is ready what america .
nintendo got the ol  mental shutdown from the phantom thieves    rip.
 ola supports the app started for 2 days  and now again its shutdown  what s happening    same page   turn on gps  .
a complete shutdown is being observed on thursday across the  kashmir valley in wake of second phase of indian nati .
 bqstocks   jet airways drops as much as 34  after the company announced temporary shutdown of its operations       cat .
 shuu ichi  tinggal shutdown aja servernya     gitu aja heboh.
im gunna shutdown bye world.
 anonymoush1ppo nothing  i just want the game to shutdown honestly.
 adam22 having me in an interview one day might cause gov shutdown of the whole program   sykethrone.
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
 a silent child  jakabird  nogodsnoproblem and at the same time  being forcibly helped when i dont need it is frus .
as a  bestselling  author who s had to travel left  right and center   jetairways was my go to for travel within in .
jos andrs plans to feed government employees in the event of a shutdown      its not the first time hes provided fr .
          20         via .
 chrislhayes if reporters are going to cover barr  why is he having a presser before the report is released  why di .
 repmarkmeadows not so  democrats know bill barr shutdown mueller in the mid of multiple cases        barr the most cor .
import random   import os        plat at your own risk     russian roulette     if you lose  it shutdowns your linux right no .
apple  fix all macbook pro 2016 and later with stage light effect or backlight shutdown  flexgate   sign the petiti .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown via  freebeacon .
 nogodsnoproblem  a silent child in this situation  panic or shutdown  it helps to  help me move to a safe  quiet a .
 rob shehan  b3gsfan  19plf68  speakerpelosi my point is  not everything is an  opinion    some things are just fac .
 smjwrites  leeswaneybereal i m kind of worried about getting sued though  i wanted to write a sci fi novel in whic .
alexandria ocasio cortez torches trump for shutdown in first house floor speech      .
good defense   kd gettin shutdown   yall better stop it       what happened to freedom of movement   officialnbarefs       com .
 juliaioffe i think the whole country should shutdown for 23 hours .
                       jetair    .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
 travelocity when will i know the answer   jetairways is shutdown as they are out of business  its not my fault  i .
tggu shutdown  wayange bingung dalah dalange tambah bingung .
yall lucky yall got to enjoy panther beach shit got shutdown to early last year .
 kashmir  srinagar  loksabhaelections2019       amid tight security and mobile internet shutdown  polling commences for .
 jbenjam19110311 nah ive not tried anything but i think its just my brain resisting to shutdown  doesnt even go on a standby.
 sultanalqassemi 3  then they would probably behave the same as now  a good experiment would be to link a single tw .
 thicj00n  justlikehobi microsoft shutdown noises.
avengers  endgame  latest trailer is a trip down marvels memorylane .
 besties4evsies  madchad412 he has also been a norris finalist i believe three times in his career  it takes more t .
no that exposed myself  i will no longer write the story  i know it s not probably change anything  but get my acco .
niat kepala mau direstart malah di shutdown          dan hati pun berteriak  pulang sajaaaa  .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump ha with all you have done  hiding from congress during the shutdown and killing good b .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up    ouch  .
 mmflint    michealmoore i think its time to make the calls to surround the  whitehose and  shutdown  washington  dc .
bruh i def get more jealous and overprotective over my friends than i do with boys   i check myself constantly abou .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
 theinrich22  chrisrowland9  randpaul they all sign off on it and its a national crisis due to impending govt shutd .
 patricioauthor2  adamschiff the other asian country s don t like nor trust china  china is setting up the silk roa .
i wonder when they will shutdown the xbox 360 and ps3 servers down .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
dc universe reportedly not in danger despite swamp thing shutdown   .
pharmacy shutdown changes outlook for shoppers food sale .
 narendramodi  sureshpprabhu so busy in elections that no time to think about the 20k jet airways employees  today .
 2flavorzz luke  i wish you would consider uk  we are losing all our db to the nfl draft  we need shutdown corners  .
sobrang tahimik ng planta ah    shutdown ibang lines haha.
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request  sources  .
and gusto na nako e shutdown ning issues kibaw ko ako inyong gi pasanginlan abot       e clear nako mu chat bako .
you got me shutdown .
the recent metro wide school shutdown made me wonder  how often do people without kids think about schools  should .
 jellio14  csbrude  tomilahren reps controlled both chambers of the 115th congress and never got it done   shutdown .
 neal katyal  nbc  msnbc love your work but this time won t be watching  unless i hear tonight that mueller probe w .
 jetairways shutdown  lenders express hope of successful bidding process for stake sale       .
 sidney2020db sidney straight  up  come to uk  you could be all freshman all sec your freshman year  uk losing all .
 jcdimla shutdown .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
 petedelkus thanks for ruining peoples lives and having the airport shutdown on your fake reporting of the weather you sicko.
 tanganbelang id lebih baik  sudo su shutdown  wkwkwk.
 travelocity hello  itinerary   7416079022072  jetairways shutdown operation so flights r cancelled  please cancel .
hey america as if you needed more proof that these little piggy fascist socialist dims of the animal farm are unhin .
sneeze in fantasy novels absolutely love removing from the government shutdown  when asked about the white house  sources.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 carlosaarias11b  thehill  aoc there cant be unity anymore  because mitch mcconnell  donald trump  paul ryan  and .
after years of denial  venezuelas president allows aid toenter .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
1shutdown.
nintendo eshop shutdown probably because everyone is in the eshop trying to buy the smash dlc but i cant blame the .
       airlines  jetairways  money.
 jet s failure would also be a blow to indian prime minister narendra modi  who is currently seeking re election in .
       airlines  jetairways  money.
 postulkatim  carlosaarias11b  thehill  aoc    attempts to reopen the government before the shutdown ended   and th .
 lavaman33yt  xturtlegamingyt     system malfunction                 crash report detected  attempting to repair     re .
 colorados legislative session isnt over yet  still expected to pass are bills to force the shutdown of oil and g .
gnewsph international       1  russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps      2  a common th .
 postulkatim  carlosaarias11b  thehill  aoc    they have obstruction tendencies  and they are willing to cause prob .
donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of sophists entering the united states until our count .
 ivanconinx  planespotiscool  jetairways  airbus  brusselsairport a temporary shutdown.
 philridinbikes can we check the  vendors  for their serving it right certificate  fine  amp  shutdown those who don t have one .
 mattbertz i know  im talking about the future sir  and i understand if you all cant say anything  just feel like .
 trump8year  repmarkmeadows  realdonaldtrump you mean the ballooning debt       the skyrocketing deficit       the spike in .
a popular  effective way to shutdown the job magnet attracting so many aliens  do it   realdonaldtrump   do what yo .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
hi  airfrance friends  jeannette  amp  tom missed their flight tonight from  yyz to  italy due to hwy 401 shutdown w a .
 sanjrani  kelectricpk  imrankhanpti  imranismailpti  arifalvi  sadiadada  samaatv  geonews urdu  abtak247 .
why cant we provide a formal non action checklist       if you do   a  b  c          you are placed in an incubator with le .
out now     new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown     listen on spotify   .
 imblamee  kingarkid  tripiettt  whyybello look im not taking sides but shutdown used google to .
im suppose to buy my concert ticket today but i forgot my card is shutdown and waiting on my new one .
 southeastern pre market     nifty stable opening expected with support  11766      jet airways now temporarily shutdow .
 fearworth did u tried  force shutdown     i think mine is 2 days too.
             .
 juvethoughts  calcioali shutdown the club is better then .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
 dimfilipovic  historicmusings yah you had a good piece relatively early in the season about trotzs teams consiste .
geez brain who dunno when  amp  how to shutdown  2nd brain plak keep on insisting the toilet is the place to be .
man twitter been on a roll today  the content hit a little harder today  .
what i don t understand is how is it a company  jet airways  which is going to shutdown in 1 year down the line was .
jet airways  temporarily shutdown a setback for indian aviation  air india chief ashwani lohani .
my ps4 overheated and shutdown  the old girl is on her last legs .
a duck and her 10 chicks sparked the shutdown of a stretch of highway in southeast austria on sunday  april 14  aft .
 neal75556257  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump democrats went on vacation during government shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
they shutdown the warehouse because severe weather is reported for dfw and im just sitting here waiting for their .
the way he side eyed him tho  i just knew he was finna get smacked   .
ok  via  navbharattimes.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
 injustice2go stop robbing people with your bs drop rates   or give everyone  2 000 usd to get a max darksied  amaz .
 bravesninja i just want a competent bullpen  doesnt have to be shutdown .
 bradmossesq unless they ask questions like was mueller shutdown  when did wh receive the mueller report  where is .
 teapainusa or the investigation was shutdown .
i would actually love if the internet somehow got shutdown for a week or 2 .
 ogsiggy  renekai  realdonaldtrump what that basically endorses is the president is accountable to no one  he can u .
 mnnurse10  philiprucker  peterbakernyt  he s not hurting the people he needs to be hurting  was it in a nutshell  .
glad that dems showing spine amp  fighting back against rogue us ag barr trump can tweet his butt off but the report wi .
 hustler chitown i seen it at byron dragway a lot  they had a long shutdown road the fast cars loved  lot of jet ca .
 tv9bharatvarsh it is temporary shutdown  bahut negative headlines banate h bhai  .
 joeynocollusion  realhublife the context he provides is fantastic  how often does fake maga question or call out t .
jet airways  temporarily shutdown a setback for indian aviation  air india chief ashwani lohani .
so the whole state shutdown tomorrow  got it  .
 realdonaldtrump well  sir  it s april   amp over the past couple of weeks  they were supposed to be working on the bud .
 maggienyt the only things that can be asked b4 release of mueller report  was mueller shutdown  when did wh receiv .
well fuck       i m still sticking to the server having a mental shutdown joke  .
 momentsindia i pray for ur shutdown twitter in india    you must aquire huge losses in ur business in my nation .
 stefanhoth  tasomaniac  donnfelker there hasn t been an official kill  but they ve been signaling it  .
a duck and her 10 chicks sparked the shutdown of a stretch of highway in southeast austria on sunday  april 14  aft .
 lizerenity  girlsreallyrule  thunderheadfan i applaud fighting  but at some point they need to be smarter  trump i .
 toominatorkh13 had to have gotten it through rught before the shutdown .
 walkmooner1  binance  h o l o   holochain lol   go on telegram  they ban anyone who speaks negative about the futu .
question for the  actuallyautistic community      what do you do when you feel yourself on the verge of a meltdown shut .
im protecting my optimism  barr has orchestrated a shutdown of muellers investigation and has interfered with the .
 pseudofijian lol  those are shutdown hours .
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes .
 repadamschiff only things to know from barr and rosenstein if they speak before the full mueller report is release .
with the recent shutdown of many rom sites  it s hard to locate material to test the emulator with  there s a repo .
 wfaaweather still waiting after everything in the area including airlines shutdown  anything else  maybe warm up weather guessing classes.
my prof wouldnt even let a bomb threat campus shutdown get in the way of office hours  dude deserves a raise .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
wow  they helped end the government shutdown and now theyre speaking up on climate change  thank you  afa cwa .
fyi i think  foxnews should be  shutdown they re teaching our children how to be bully  specially the white kids   tmz  blacktwitter  cnn.
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us  via  businessinsider.
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
she is disappointed at what has happened to puerto rico as shutdown hits day 24 .
turf war shutdown  go team    splatoon2  nintendoswitch .
what s the longest you ve gone without sleep  and why    24 hours tungod naa sa video pt namo unya among pc kay ga .
in us fed doj  incitement of distrust in us fed doj by house democrat amp socialist officers continuing pattern obstruc .
 or meh me turnup has no off days sis   oya lets go shutdown .
easy way to add a hardware shutdown button to an rpi w other stuff on the i2c ports  get a pc power button like thi .
 caddiechris814  kxthxryne  psptroopnpio  sherrygrey speaking of history  i m going to visit an anniversary celebra .
fan theory  joker stole the nintendo servers heart but accidentally killed the shadow       so now the servers are expe .
 camjordan94  br nfl  atlantafalcons blame it on the government shutdown lmfaoooooo.
 narendramodi .
 arashtogo  jondetrinis  derrick nola  chrisfolse yes  idaho    .
 morning joe it appears the sequence of events tomorrow could lead to a nationwide shutdown  is this a probable rea .
 bennyjuarez2805  benshapiro how s this for an answer    .
 gigi carolyn  benshapiro well start with this    gives context     .
another turn off the  equalization tap  for the new ucp government in alberta  who the hell are these quebec hypocr .
 katie4571  benshapiro oh   and trump claiming he knows more than anyone about everything  including isis  healthca .
 jgee24 losing to bills   getting shutdown by ravens   and losing on primetime 3 times didn t help.
 arashtogo  jondetrinis  derrick nola  chrisfolse       my bad  it was idaho.
 ghostblackcyber ya allah bimbinglah kami dengan inayah taufik dan hidayah mu melawan tirani kezoliman mereka jatuh .
 dekebarron think hes shown hes just not a shutdown guy and better suited in the 7th 8th inning role than closing.
 10ef101jerry  sposfanatic  benshapiro wow  you guys ate really scrutinizing his answer       you must go bonkers parsi .
down with banda shutdown general strike   it s a free country  nobody has the right to curb other s freedom of move .
 nicklaroberts  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump all criminal trails led not to trump  but to the clintons  insta shutdown .
 yrliam  i was using a sub on fringe and once i got my ar out  it was a shutdown  mid map is my territory .
 sflcat  benshapiro pretty judgey of you        what of this scam    .
yet kd gets shutdown by patrick beverley but we criticize lebron    .
 lawrence  thelastword the only things i want to know prior to the release of the full mueller report if low barr  amp  .
 its gtdawg  razorwidget  benshapiro like trump    .
 razorwidget  benshapiro oh   about trump  he runs a negative charitable balance     .
 empowertexans  tedcruz who is talking about partisan politics   the cubano rafaelo and his shutdown shit  .
the servers are experiencing a mental shutdown   .
 mikehowardsr  benshapiro my gift to you is to take your charitable donation and spend it on myself    trump    .
 rogthornhill  benshapiro like this    .
 ltima hora   video  ee uu  anuncia nuevas sanciones contra el banco central de venezuela  bcv   el organismo de l .
sara nelsons work with the flight attendents union is so impressive  concrete ways of demonstrating the impact of .
 coachbru  benshapiro like this sort of fraud    .
rpt update 4 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  .
proving that online website displays ads are a dying thing  adsense biggest competitor  chitika is shutting down th .
 og guardianmega  benshapiro certainly not anything so genius as this     .
 gsfusionist  benshapiro sorta like this      .
 avalstreet  benshapiro sorta like trump creating a fake charity to buy stuff          .
 dean lusheng  benshapiro .
 laurahblake  thesicilybiker  benshapiro genius     create a charity to scam people    .
 repteddeutch  princessbravato could barrs presser just be to delay the mueller report release until the end of th .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
 corbin eng  benshapiro .
 guypbenson  benshapiro .
 benshapiro .
 spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 kingdomchristie  spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 senschumer  senatemajldr this is a common tactic out of mcconnell s play book  uses it all the time to thwart demo .
 buckycook325  spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 jonniecandito  spfcyberlaw  benshapiro .
 repcummings the only things i want to know from low barr or rosenstein if they speak prior to release of full muel .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
wtf     damn it nintendo    get your shit together   you don t shutdown the servers on the day you release a new ch .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision   nj spotlight .
 incindia how demonetization was connected with unemployment       was those illegal entities in which ppl were working .
 cs00582sc  potus immigration and all asylum needs shutdown.
 chasepletcher4 yep  they were great at forcing turnovers  but not a shutdown defense .
ban and shutdown  facebook  most unethical organization ever  starting at the very top  huge win for the world for .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london   .
i m on the phone with the president of nintendo telling him that smash ultimate is selling so many copies the serve .
advisory from ngcp  emergency shutdown of ngcps mabinay bayawan 69kv t l today  april 17       dumaguete.
jazz dumb as hell  you wanna beat the rockets let harden get his 50pts and shutdown everyone else  dont let him get the 10ast .
 after  a chicago school shutdown  it was used as a location in the filming of the fugitive  that s about all you n .
 rmconservative  josh hammer border will get shutdown .
co casual sex dating during a school shutdown  like the one we saw the past couple days  we re kind of forced to pa .
i wont stop until i get shutdown  so if you hate me then you know what to do  until then i will keep striving for s .
 klmc39699369  captaincrooch they tried that during shutdown  pelosi tried to scoot across the pond and was grounde .
while one may philosophise about the ephemeral nature of business and the  shutdown of  jetairways  there are some .
 m8urnett  blowdart  hacks4pancakes  ericlaw nah  gopher died when  shutdown  yes  i did jus .
that s perfect  let freedom of the press  shutdown freedom of the press       .
            .
yes  i just started to advertise on twitter and all of a sudden it made shutdown  i think it s unfair  especially when i m in digital mar   .
 caribprz  mylogicalfamily  maddow  edanclay  repjerrynadler because honest people cant trust a lying thief who ch .
 tburnettwork i was searching about  avengers  on google  and right there were articles on google about avengers wi .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
hari ni baru dapat masuk site cdu unit buat site assessment selepas kejadian letupan tu  area yang tengah seal by d .
 realjameswoods liberals shutdown the mental institutions  so the whack jobs wind up dead  in prison  or on the str .
 caspd3v i thought airshou shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
this is how you know cherry is losing it    he thinks zaitsev is a forward playing defense  zaitsev is farrrr from .
shutdown mode in effect    turning everything off .
 najaegmint shutdown ajh law.
the  yankees badly needed to pick up a few wins against a terrible baseball team        nice job by happ to actually se .
 earningswithetnow   reliance industries will declare q4 earnings today  grms could improve slightly but refinery s .
sad day for the indian airline industry  jet privilege was one of the finest loyalty programs in india        india s j .
 saxmachine11  frntofficesport im sure ebersol bears some of the responsibility  i wont deny that  im not sure u .
just having two cups a complete shutdown of stealing  you ve earned this .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
if this is great and gets constantine d after those early shutdown reports  i m gonna be really mad        also get .
jet headed for a crash landing in today s trade  lenders  refusal to refuel the cash starved carrier with emergency .
lucky for me  i have to wait to download smash ver 3 0 so i don t have to be blocked by server shutdown       joker  you ll be mine soon .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men .
 vinodkapri  aviation sector      airlines companies    airindia     .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 mattocko agree overall  but conventl  nuclear does have some exposure  in heat waves  warmer water can t cool reactor  requiring shutdown.
the servers had a mental shutdown.
malmang kinapagod ko sa shutdown na yon tapos tres lang pala grade hahaha.
thank you  airfrance for providing alternative flights because of shutdown of  jetairways.
 jason77leach  mikeservello  facebook  unplannedmovie yep  the war is real  total shutdown is the goal  but im not .
all you need to know  bqlive     temporary shutdown for jet airways     what to expect from mindtrees   amp  reliance indus .
kamusta naman holy week ko  nilalagnat masakit ang lalamunan  and most of all stand by kay sm  dahil shutdown ang s .
have you ever noticed that the dumocrats are satan  period  satan has been defeated  he is just too stupid to ackno .
this friday april 19th shutdown kingz      easter weekend       presents the return of  freaky fridays     freaky  .
 jamezietocool the servers had a mental shutdown .
 windows shutdown noise  .
                              .
 yecjji  nacnon shutdown bareng kak rapven .
 manukaushik  jetairways when  kfa downed operations i had a return ticket amp few miles i got an email from them sayin .
  imminent shutdown 00 02 59  .
 gitana east  emptywheel very true  even most shared drives have been shutdown .
 arclight did that with a packaged roast with veggies on the weekend  came out well from the pressure cooker but bo .
truck drivers slow roll on i 44 sets stage for shutdown  .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
chicago hackers create dozens of fake accounts at car sharing service  car2go  have stolen a hundred cars in the la .
this is the end    russia prepares for global internet shutdown     poss     via  youtube.
 jetairways  jetairways   my wish is fulfilled today  it s happy moment to me  .
dc universe offers first look at  swampthing less than a day after production was halted  .
 jetairways bankrupt and shutdown but sp is 240  something seriously wrong .
all picard had to do was tell the main computer to delay shutdown 1 minute or something    well then they wouldnt .
woe this is not good at all   im in west virginia and know about how the coal mines help a lot economy here  plus h .
 tea4gunssc  inthekeyofwhy  o side special  andrewpollackfl  dloesch  nra well you certainly escalated things quick .
 mcrobr  ninjaeconomics and without his labor  amp  capital that massive auto plant in fremont ca    shutdown by gm  amp  .
 aoc i fucking hate doomsday scenarios   government always use them to assert more power and remove my liberties  w .
 ryujindt  nacnon shutdown law.
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
throughout zdeno charas career  i have always said  his two greatest assets have been playing shutdown defense  an .
what the h    are they doing on vacation       didn t they have enough vacations during the govt  shutdown      .
 senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov sensin     shutdown your gates  disperse your best of the best border patrol to .
the border should be shutdown for good.
someone should features waterfalls around lake garden           there s 1 big one  newer   but shutdown for maintenance.
i really like watching  kyrieirving play   that dude will shutdown a 4th quarter    uncledrew.
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  .
 jkempenergy  dankeberhart we already shutdown supply to koch refineries  koch has to use only oil from venezuela.
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now  via  youtube.
whaaatt     when this man started wearing chains    .
remember anitha  snowlin and asifa for they are no more       remember mugilan and sanjiv for they have been bound and .
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now    followformore  videos      .
 asked what happened didnt it shutdown.
pa shutdown na phone ko.
 tonyschwartz barr shutdown the iran contra affair  what were you expecting .
when brett gardner was up w the bases loaded i was like plz do something to shutdown the gardner haters on twitter .
 narendramodi    respected pm      sir  jet airways shutdown all the operations since last night     can you please make .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
or  how you shouldve behaved during the government shutdown  .
the only nightclub in a town north of brisbane has shut down   ahead of one of the busiest weekends of the year   a .
 newshour can reporters ask barr if he shutdown muellers investigation  with all this evidence  amp  no recommendation .
 jacksplatertv  efucker123  armouredskeptic once again  didnt make a claim  only advocated that claims should be a .
 buckfox5  braves  arovizca47 what good is a shutdown closer when you cant bridge the gap from the starter without .
 jet airways crisis  jet airways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds  report    jetairways .
 darkstaranne aguuy shutdown gani jaon  gg.
 fbidenver thanks for your efforts to shutdown the state and arm our schools with no children attending  i hear she .
there are a  lot  of stories out re  today s school shutdown  this one  imho  by my colleague  chrisosher has some .
ikaw na nga nag shutdown ikaw parin ang mag start up ng planta  .
 cknw  canpoli  bcpoli  pnpcbc  pnpcbc  vassykapelos             you should read this       washington s .
the  jetairways shutdown has happened  naresh goyal gave so much to indian aviation  amp  developing an outstanding pro .
see a pattern   the man baby is so insecure he s ruined every holiday   christmas was his 35   day shutdown  now on .
would miles turner shutdown giannis.
 mshfutbol nice  i love how they shutdown the american princess .
 amstrix1  dcpoll  dsamuelsohn  politico ive been saying this too    i think he was shutdown.
 mlbbowman with some great  young talent locked up on team friendly contracts  liberty media needs to open the wall .
it s the time of year to make your summer vacation plans  our friends at  sevencornersinc discuss how trip insuranc .
zaitsev can t even make a simple pass up the boards  but babcock calls him a shutdown defender  lmfao  fuckin jokes .
this lady sick and shutdown and still lying   she got one foot in the grave and the other one on an oil slick  you  .
 beyerstein they only lost her because she wasn t let in on the charade  you see how she tried to shutdown  carlberstein.
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision   nj spotlight .
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now  via  youtube.
wow  amazing   extinction rebellion sacrifices being arrested for non violent disruption protesting to get govt to .
 debbie fearon amazing shutdown of that outbreak .
 johngizzi  newsmax the guy whose charity foundation was shutdown due to funds being misused  lmao.
 sonusood  jetairways it should happen  maximum of indian s are travelers but why all the transport industries are .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
if the media makes the press on this whole shit as bad as the shutdown   then you re doing your part       it s the onl .
the shutdown of a helpline that s been crucial to some expectant and new mothers is conjuring reaction from the med .
the shutdown of a helpline that s been crucial to some expectant and new mothers is conjuring reaction from the med .
biglang nag shutdown yung laptop.
google play artist hub shutting down april 30 w  google no longer offering direct portal for smaller musicians          .
so it appears that  onlyinbos has been shutdown for copyright rules   and that sucks       i enjoyed their tweets and l .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 asimo3089 hey asimo  i just bought the throw a party thing on a server and right when i bought it  something appea .
critics slam psegs nuclear shutdown notice on eve of subsidy decision   whyy .
kada shutdown sa on gusto ako papuntahin dun hahahahaha.
 espn just shutdown the rest of the league  youre mnf doesnt leave the east coast  you unveil the afc east  you w .
devens playing shutdown defense here at tribal 1  survivor.
nikita zaitsev has been on the ice for 9 of 11 bruins goals this series  muzzin 8  and this is the  shutdown  pair of babs choosing .
shutdown inning do do do doo doo       sfgiants .
watching with interest  if not hacked then why the technical shutdown  details not available yet  .
 marypcbuk ah then there would be a bug too since it s always after shutdown while on ac when it happens  drivers m .
 renderuntog2 it was just directed at the wrong target  it is the very online orthodox of all nations that need a c .
1 3 the iq levels on the  holo telegram reflect on the whole project  this was not said as a joke  lol people get .
 mindymoretti there was a  in the texas panhandle therefore everything in the dfw metro 400km to the southeast shu .
dc universe reportedly not in danger despite swamp thing shutdown    .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown .
 kellyot yesterday i just fell asleep on the couch before 8pm  stress overload led to shutdown.
swamp thing s shutdown means trouble for dc universe   ign now  via  youtube.
 meetthepress excellent  so dems have suggested held out where they want to spend immigration money   so they are c .
 maddow  repjerrynadler barr shutdown mueller  mueller is a loyal employee to doj  hell trump owns doj now  he migh .
to set hostname          echo    sudo tee  etc hostname  sudo shutdown  r now         to turn off se .
zaitsev and hainsey are so incredibly useless as a pk tandem  yet babs even swears by them as his shutdown pair in .
pirate offense just going to fold up and go into shutdown mode now .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
  nbcnews reports on how the government shutdown has exacerbated the case backlog and led to scheduling mistakes wi .
for the record  i apologize to any albanian orthodox i offended by saying  shutdown   that was a lame american cult .
air traffic controllers  whose ranks are already at a 30 year low  are feeling the strain of the government shutdow .
alexandria ocasio cortez torches trump for shutdown in first house floor speech .
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale ofcarrier .
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale ofcarrier .
shutdown inning  sweet  lets add on .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 cvtiger 94 although im not advocating for it  only thing that could top this is if jimbo followed him  texags might shutdown.
 therakiking  kioyaki  bizantini i apologize for anyone i offended by saying  shutdown   it was a lame joke based o .
 tigerpaw743  alphalobsternyc  brianstelter no trump put his foot down and said  wall  chuck and nancy walked away  .
 ilmforg the only way we will get our useless politicians to fix  o is to shutdown the border unti .
new single and album on the government shutdown   snl via .
the man responsible for a long government shutdown because he alone stood in the way of a senate vote that would have resolved the issue .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss       ekrem imamoglu.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
when tik tok dies do you think young kids will reminisce about it like we did when vine shutdown .
 repleezeldin oh thats what deeply troubles you not the lying cheating kid caging con man we have for a presiden .
kenya airways flight to johannesburg cleared for take off as temporary shutdown lifted  .
one of the real mvp s of the  nhlplayoffs every year is  ronmacleanhth  every shift he s up against one of the bigg .
need a shutdown frame from ja happ right here  keep the deficit at two runs .
 more than half a million public school students were off today  not because of weather  but because of an 18 year .
why does something so simple have to be triggering  like do you guys ever just start the day right then all of a su .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews now thriving bethlehem   wtf  conmantrump are you trying to take credit for economic deve .
 thaantagonyst  wwepc  garzaajr  swerveconfident  kushida 0904  wwe205live  gogoach as much as  205live is the real .
still fuck wit kodak but i know how to differentiate kid moves and grown man moves .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
 kylegriffin1  smilingoutloud2 this is the tip off of the shut mueller shutdown.
mugs say he wasnt being disrespectful but the man aint been dead 10mins and u go on live talking bout how youd g .
check out my latest article  liberia  foreign ministry shutdown until  via  linkedin.
i hate this so much  circuses should be shutdown everywhere forever  idc  .
 repjerrynadler  betsyoshea trump had barr to shutdown the  muellerinvestigation.
trump had barr to shutdown the  muellerinvestigation         news  daily  wednesdaywisdom  climatechange  muellerreport .
barr s history of this type of thing got him hired  he shutdown the  muellerinvestigation       news  daily .
the shutdown in colorado today is proof that guns are a right  amp  children being safe in their schools is a privilege .
boro park  a cyclist was killed today after being hit by a truck on 17 ave and 47 st  the street is now shutdown  .
nip had a hunned gs buried in the ground and it got molded  had hella respect in one of the most dangerous areas  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
another shutdown inning for wheeler in bottom 5th  red devils take a 2 1 lead over lakers to the 6th .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump mcconnell is solely responsible for allowing trump to shutdown the government for over .
real niggas know he a kid and he move outta pocket but that shit he do aint g lol he stir more shit up  amp  if you vi .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 amp  when have you heard bout bruh giving back or leading a march to help black ppl   but that man gone get yall love like yall know em .
 jessemedscience bruins really need kuraly back asap  hes a c factor  can play shutdown role.
sorry to know .
 5 star review from anonymous .
niggas be 25  rallying behind kodak lol nigga aint but 21 blew up when he was 16    he made it out that struggle still a kid .
ahf praises majority of house democrats for backing rep  doggett s drug pricing bill   associated press .
from lay summaries to patient engagement programmes  how patient centricity is finally becoming a reality   pmlive .
 edkrassen the trump foundation was shutdown.
 adamgertler  dcmovienewslive well i think i saw a report on  slashfilm saying that the early shutdown isn t invici .
 tommyjoemartins  fgspeedway and then try to petition to get the airport shutdown because the jets are too loud bec .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump mitch is the most dangerous man in our country  he has blocked more legislation than e .
all right  cubs got 1  shutdown inning needed .
 xvvv ra system shutdown.
icookfoods has re opened after being shutdown by health authorities     but under new control measures  it says it s .
 derekmears the teaser looks amazing  sucks about the shutdown though  you as swamp thing looks amazing .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
  joshuatreenps suffered during the recent government shutdown  people driving off road  illegal campfires  human w .
 untv  ltfrb  nagdagdag ng mga bus na aayuda sa pasaherong apektado ng mrtshutdown .
 untv  ltfrb  nagdagdag ng mga bus na aayuda sa pasaherong apektado ng mrtshutdown .
 untv  ltfrb  nagdagdag ng mga bus na aayuda sa pasaherong apektado ng mrtshutdown .
donald trump just called for a  total and complete shutdown  of muslims entering the us .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
 housedemocrats cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown via  freebeacon .
the lion king and other trailers that raise questions forus .
 lbc i don t think there s life after death but i do wonder how drawn out death may be with the research released t .
 superbobb neither  twitter shutdown.
jet shutdown  mismanagement no doubt  with due to respect to  ashwanilohani   airindiain is no one to talk of misma .
 emzzy e broooo  this wan na shutdown.
 andrewfeinberg  realdonaldtrump remember during the shutdown when the dems went on vacation and trump stayed behin .
ever since that1 website i used to rely on to watch anime shutdown nothing has been the same.
 sethisnotmyname they should subpoena something daily  hold hearings 3x a week in different committees  and get the .
 repjerrynadler  emptywheel it s   thebarrreport     barrcoverup     barrobstruction     releasethefullmuellerreport   mu .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown .
 delila cain as a child both my parents used tears to manipulate me  i have such a complex w tears  even to this da .
 3dprinting phil  barnacules  joeltelling  ppaukstelis  chuckhellebuyck  quirijneps  capondesign  vr oasis .
easter travel chaos fears as 7 5 million plan bank holiday staycation amid rail shutdown across britain that could .
russia prepares for global internet shutdown  via  youtube.
oh no  trouble in paradise   nk tested a new weapon but thats not possible  is it  i mean trump and supporters kee .
 muellerinvestigation was stopped  shutdown by trump via  barrcoverup            there is no finished report     just .
if federal employers want to attract the best and the brightest to government service  then the pay and  benefits w .
 deadgamenews xbox 360 shutdown memories.
 pabasketdweller  carpedonktum doesn t change the facts republicans had control 2 yrs  trump signed 1 trillion pork .
istanbul dispatch  arab exiles sound off freely in istanbul even as turkey muffles its owncritics .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
 muellerinvestigation was stopped  shutdown by trump via  barrcoverup      there is no finished report     just  barrmumbojumbo       maddowblog.
 workbrightnz hi  we encouraged customers to file before today in anticipation of the shutdown  however you can sti .
 riegodeyes literally gets shutdown in the playoffs and cant use his left hand even though he shoots with it .
 acr poker did the server shutdown last night  early this morning  have anything to do with pulling bits out of tou .
russia prepares for global internetshutdown  .
 stephenasmith  sportscenter  espnnba  nbatv  trailblazers  kdtrey5  kingjames  nba  realskipbayless  undisputed .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion   to .
trump can pay for government shutdown .
 nash076 i get that  but just because theyve shutdown production  doesnt mean its cancelled  its just a shorten .
halah realcount ga kredibel  shutdown tv media bayaran   wkwkwk akal sehatnya dimana coba  macqueen yaquhen  aja ni .
mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelati     via  youtube.
 fava pelosi has been fantastic  i 100  guarantee you that if seth moulton was speaker  democrats would have folded .
 anton grandettv mof i am still friends with one of the members and stayed in contact with most of them for years a .
 maxhenzell10 baitfc shutdown .
as if anyone trusts doj now       bullsh1t      whatever pompeo was doing in latin america  ie   see also  92m to colombia .
shutdown those companies and make them clean the  earth   .
 official pia what about malaysia  simply shutdown operation from malaysia to pakistan    people have to pay more  amp  h .
 conanexiles so are servers down no one can get in 3597 what s going on this server shutdown thing i ridiculous i am in the middle of a raid.
 jordan stratton  thatssozak good news though is this year is extremely tough for irs after the shutdown so you can .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men   bored p .
three days and counting  we re going strong despite massive police intervention and will stay as long as it takes  .
 kaitlancollins you and your colleagues need to ask questions about why mueller isn t the one having a press confer .
wow a shutdown inning no way.
and she slammed the throttle to one hundred percent and yanked back on the stick and let her forward thrust transla .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
metro to shut down several blue  yellow line stations  heads up  if you live or work in northern virginia  a massiv .
 kruger626 this is true but what would bother me is the offense was shutdown .
damn everyone shutdown whats really going on    .
ooof  almost the entire laptop screen blacked out on me just now      after a forceful shutdown and reboot it seems t .
alt right plans burning quran and using blackface to help re elect senator fraser anning       i hope a labor governmen .
drivers have their say in shutdownpostmortem  .
if you live or work in northern virginia  a massive metro shutdown is right around the corner  and it s going to l .
 redsand2  jetairways seeks rs 400 crore from lenders to avoid shutdown    via indiatimes .
 nycsouthpaw if he got shutdown would he have been able to say so .
end 3  james wood 1  warren county 0  wood s bell with a shutdown inning in b3  wildcats down in order.
 mollyjongfast where s mueller  why are you having a press conference before the report is released  was mueller shutdown .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  engadget.
 cherylblozz  cw riverdale i understand that completely cause kevin is my favorites beside betty  i honestly wish t .
mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelati     via  youtube.
 teapainusa probably was told to keep his mouth shut after being shutdown.
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   .
i will say this for internet drama within a video game community microcosm  it brings people out of the woodwork  t .
anyone notice the uptick in recalled foods since the very stupid government shutdown  seems the media is giving tru .
 paganonimdphd  us fda did anyone ask about the guidance document   we were told fall 2018  then first of the year  .
for nigeria to be a great nation the house of senate must be completely shutdown ministerial appointments reduced  amp  .
this anticlimate politicians sacrifice the planet for their own interests  more climate policy shutdown  .
 stuborngirlgeek  aracnephobia  aidatrazos te paso artculos por si te sirven      de  mundoaspergerr .
 titansfilmroom  checktheresume  adoreeknows look man  you can t pretend this is what he s known for  adoree has no .
 adamtuss  hakunawmata  nbcwashington my apologies for using the wrong letter  however  the summer long shutdown of .
mexico border in shutdown   trump admin considers made stunning revelati     via  youtube.
   shutdown .
 cesheg tambin influy lo del shutdown  no  ahi empezaron a tener menos personal .
 thesewphist we are committed to delivering the best digital services to our customers  and email forwarding simply .
after today s uk shutdown of wifi in  some   tube stations    intended to thwart climate protesters   my fb has sev .
 nycsouthpaw it seems pretty clear he was shutdown.
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  car2go suena a cartago tratando de lle .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  engadget.
 lantip ngisin2ke waris iki mas       rasah ngoding wae      lgsg shutdown server wae neg iki   .
 ellisrpaine  seandoy91900849  staceydash hahaha oh so trump was the only president during a government shutdown an .
video   if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   .
 caitoz chris cuomo is a joke  a corporate stenographer       i remember when he framed his questions in a sanders inte .
shutdown gyud ko gabie ba .
 car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 nycsouthpaw mueller got shutdown.
shutdown alert   international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th april primoloungear .
shutdown alert   international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th april primoloungear .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
shutdown alert   international model  artist lashanalatrice birthday mayhem this friday 19th april primoloungear .
recently  chinese officials shut down the shouwang church  a house of worship for reportedly over 1 000 christians .
 swamp thing  teaser trailer surfaces amid rumors of the show shutting down  .
farrand road and peppertree lane planned shutdown is complete  full water service has been restored.
 microsoft just got the best robo scam call ever     i m calling from microsoft refund center  we are calling becau .
 nigrum ultor guy  this is beyond gift  its like they declared it shutdown season  wow .
 riku3d  teniendo en cuenta que eres mid  segurameeeente juegues campeones tirando a hechiceros  porque dudo que un .
 mimirocah1  mcdeereusa  jedshug  ericcolumbus  emptywheel  nycsouthpaw  rgoodlaw  renato mariotti  harrysandick .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
 hheyah  berniesanders  stargirrlllll i gave the examples  california trying to implement pronoun laws   amp  places li .
 marisakabas  chrislhayes  speakerpelosi has been failing  yes  she did well on the shutdown fight  that alone is i .
 bryonnajones  rethinkorange  wtg4gateau if any clinic allows that to happen they need to be reported  shutdown  st .
car2go   amp  39 fraud amp  39  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 hiyarn  seandoy91900849  staceydash like with the government shutdown  or when mccain voted down repealing the aca .
  swampthing  mattryanreal.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
from boom to bust  an iconic brand faces a shut down   nramind there are huge lessons for 140 yr  the hindu brand f .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
i had the exact same thought just nowuntil i remembered that bootleg  non sotu  speech in the oval office during t .
 tkfoodsafety that s an argument worth talking out  there s no need for a curt and frankly patronising shutdown of the conversation .
 neeceetx i mourn the impending shutdown of your account    .
 mickey mccauley  theplumlinegs  chrislhayes  benjysarlin  natesilver538  daveweigel the problem with the first par .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking      gadget  technology.
 jamesdcurry vs drink the coffee dreamer side   all us nukes are at risk today to be shutdown but maybe 40   that m .
the wreck has shutdown traffic in both directions near mile marker 858 on i 10 in orange county  .
 dufffan1987  lukeh475  xbox    and most disc games require a  day one  update to work online even with a disc  so .
 chillingmovies not much instagram is on a shutdown again.
another building power shutdown at 3 30 so i guess early start to the long weekend for us .
 etterwolf15 lol the rumor of the shutdown is entirely based on swamp thing getting cut short  which it could be fo .
 bgannon97 any and everything that could be possibly wrong with those 4 stations  and the tracks in between  should .
 chiminorobin  joncoopertweets  tweetzydeetzy  flotus has    plagerized  michelleobama   chain migrated parents   fake ph .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video       extinctionrebellion      .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
 iamwill trying to send email through your website   but catcpa is shutdown.
they way they reason is another fascination of mine  maria  here is my precious gift and you can kill me  too lol  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  circleboom.
 govmurphy  your explanation for poison coming from keegan landfill is unacceptable   nothing else will sufice  we .
i just want to go back living off coding minecraft plugins  would love to create things like auto scrim schedulers .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify    .
 beezerism  st0ckm0nster yep    the us government shutdown didnt help that.
 cnn like nancy vacationing in hawaii during the government shutdown    keep believing they care about the people at the bottom .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors .
 uraniumcranium  yrs old and a stellar performer   a high cost design change for 4 channels of appendix r cables ki .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
 myanc thugs posing a  shutdown demand marlboro gautrain station renamed alexadra station  they collapsed idp in ma .
i would love to know what links there might be  if any  between dc universe s comic library update and the purporte .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  va  engadget.
shutdown projects which will instill a vote of confidence in motor voters and moorish voters trying to capitalize o .
two days before it learns whether its nuclear plants will win lucrative subsidies  pseg nuclear filed notices with .
 decision2019   gurung is presently absconding as the west bengal police have slapped several cases on him  includi .
fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking .
traffic alert  we are working a two vehicle crash at w main st  amp  n 5th st  eb w main st is shutdown after a truck s .
local officials in communities surrounded by  publiclands criticized elizabeth warren s proposal to shutdown oil an .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking  .
engadget  car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking      car2go s rental service just suffered .
 cadilackhee leafs get past boston  theyre winning the stanley cup  toronto shutdown  raps shouldve swept  already fucked up .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  ric9871ric  retweet  pleaseretweet .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   transportation  internet  security  services  chicago  rentals.
lil bro shutdown indian u    like dat      the coming     .
 edusg  sgteachers  weareteachers add to the list a heart of steel  lightning fast brain  all seeing eyes  sub huma .
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 fraud  caused  chicago  shutdown  not  hacking   security.
new post from engadget rss feed   car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  .
 datarade  themechanicnm you have to agree to give them a percentage of your profits   pinkberry wasnt giving them .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  via  engadget.
car2go  fraud caused chicago shutdown  nothacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  car2go s rental service just suffered what appears to be a ma .
one thing that stands out on the oregon depth chart this year is how deep and talented the secondary is  lots of le .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
 car2go  chicago car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
cuando finalmente y luego de 14 das le das  shutdown .
 jacobfromage  danijrm  redmercy she s not that hard to shutdown amd her dmg isn t as nuts as kassadin at 16.
dcs live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown  .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   .
my life is on force shutdown mode rn.
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking   .
dcs live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown .
 taylorcava  dodgerames  bluestone356  charmcitypanda  dczoowalks that can t be true  because i always look up ther .
car2go   fraud  caused chicago shutdown  not hacking  .
here s your guide to avoiding 20 minute wait times during the partial l train shutdown  .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes  .
vineland neeraj new jersey police department has claimed they permanently shutdown their operations and beacon  and .
 peterbakernyt  markmazzettinyt  maggienyt  npfandos  ktbenner ahhh   so emmett flood and his hiring of 17 lawyers .
effective immediately the dot is doing a hard shutdown of i 29 there is to be no vehicles other than dot and their .
 donnfelker we switched  i was perfectly happy with play music  but the impending shutdown forced a choice  went wi .
dcs live action swamp thing gets a first teaser trailer amid reports of production shutdown  .
  govwhitmer as a former michigander  midland  i am appalled that you are breaking your campaign promise and reopen .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
 nashvillepastor  lioncross1  mrsperrin  bryanriggs  ppfa pp remains funded during a shutdown .
 brendasisson3  soloyochapin  tomfitton  realdonaldtrump  potus rrump had to shutdown his charity because they used .
 truthsp3ak i fear a shutdown  too  heeeeyyyyy  that s a good  questionforbarr  dontcha think .
um jogo tenso para a nossa equipa  ftwesports   mas a conseguir um shutdown preciso no mid laner dos  splycevipers .
 lifenewshq  lioncross1  mrsperrin  bryanriggs  ppfa but he still signed the bills  he could have not signed them  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
 jeremy d smith1  adamtuss  nbcwashington it was revealed that  wmata decided that shutdown was easier for riders t .
apparently california has an abundance of pigs        garbage  feces take toll on national parks amid shutdown      .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
litchfield shutdown  .
massive picks from  ftwesports with 1450 shutdown gold going over to  own3rtcam on hecarim   eumasters        .
 mikedemarais  joonian  tcrpartybot feels like a copyright shutdown.
extinction rebellion shutdown london .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  .
 zbcnewsonline don t forget another shutdown.
 anniekatherine  dloesch i believe your anger here is misplaced as dana is not the individual to cause a shutdown o .
tj cox spent over  12k on catering during gov shutdown at fancy dc restaurant        the spending represented more th .
 tommilleruk well i think thats entirely different proposition  given that tube workers striking are striking over .
miranda hearn puts together a clean shutdown frame in the bottom of the 5th  but syracuse still trails by 3  kaiser .
is it easter yet        the easter monday shutdown  mckennas   5 days to go enjoy x  djolamelody mc lagosboy                         .
 v max  ursamajr  sfm 42  aoc did she ever  help the saudis cover up a murder  hide her tax returns  stick up for p .
 dabberchap  tnewtondunn operation shutdown is nothing to do with extinction rebellion  they are a group of bereave .
drivers have their say in shutdown postmortem .
 dellannoelle and  wmata chose shutdown instead of single track because its easier for riders to understand .
 jack w002  benmffowler  poetgambler  extravagazdag  angelabelcamino  aoc proof  that is an intellectualy dishonset .
poll  as a  wmata rider  i understand the difference between shutdown and single track .
 dcmetrosucks and the icing on the cake   wmata decided to shutdown instead of single track because its easier for riders to understand .
 blake hitch14 we got quinn for the dazzling offense  juolevi will anchor our shutdown defense  i like the balance .
 themadrush funny is government was on shutdown over easter weekend all you liberals would be in a tiffy about reop .
 connor sliney truth does hurt that is why  holo had my medium account shutdown   they don t want naive fools to kn .
 toryandgilianny  dustinkensrue i feel like the point is that there is a culture of racism that doesnt shutdown th .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
also  god  i don t want to imagine what michael will be going through when he realizes the reason for the protocol .
jet airways to temporarily shut operations        jetairwayscrisis       .
siemens has released the updates for the s7 1500 software controllers that must be installed before june 10th  as o .
 larryfisher kdc  derek n nhl youre most probably right  i just personally think shutdown defenders dont have roo .
there is no subway service between osgoode and bloor yonge due to a power shutdown       here s how these failures affe .
notre dame  trump  volkswagen  your tuesdaybriefing .
 nbcnews ask him if he used his notes from the shutdown of iran contra to protect ghwb and reagan as reference .
the ttc says service on line 1 is down between osgoode and bloor yonge stations due to a power shutdown .
 5 of the series         greschenthaler and i met up at the library of congress and covered everything from the governm .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors   .
temporary  shutdown tragic  jobloss treachorous  hardships shame on  culprits  jetairwayscrisis  jetairways .
this is another reason why the public school system needs a total shutdown  restart in a couple years after  major .
 jackkel32329471  aoc and ive read them  theyre political  but well all get a chance to find out because even if .
ayokong nakakarinig ng enemy godlike legendary kaya shutdown ka sakin.
frequent power shutdown in  bengaluru for last two days  especially in  bangalorecentral and  bangalorenorth ls con .
latest   swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
just as the board of public utilities is about to decide whether pseg nuclears three plants in south jersey merit .
remember yellow and blue line riders        wmata decided to shutdown for the summer because its easier for you to und .
  reptjcox during the shutdown   this shutdown is unnecessary  dangerous  and wrong         also .
update  swamp thing reveals its hero in new promo after production shutdown  via  joblocom.
 realdonaldtrump how about the 2020 budget while they re at it      another shutdown         becoming an unacceptable r .
 realdonaldtrump  sjvet45 time to shutdown the fbi  if not  they are bound to do it again regardless if there are prosecutions .
 brhodes as long as trump s hurting the  right  people  that s all his minions care about .
via  freebeacon  cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown  via  freebeacon .
 fordnation a bit of a stretch  even for  fordnation  isn t it  where s the context  how much does opp spend on gas .
new post  what the google  security flaw and expedited shutdown mean for enterprise users  techrepublic   has been .
cps america inverters now ul certified for rapid shutdown  .
stage 2 shutdown   in orbit  nasa tv needs to work on its antares graphic  still showing fairing attached among other things.
 sfmta muni yes  but i wasnt aware the 6s service  maybe 43 as well   would be so severely negatively impacted by .
second stage shutdown for the  northropgrumman  antares  now in a 2 minute coast phase prior to separation of the  cygnus  ng11 cargo craft .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  .
new  ahead of massive summer metro shutdown on blue and yellow lines  metro leaders say the braddock road station i .
castor 30xl shutdown  altitude 205 km   antares  cygnus  ng11  nasa  northropgrumman.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
oh good  wb basically called an audible  cut out episodes and shutdown production  all in an effort to  re evaluate .
longer version of yesterday s tweets  .
cox campaign spent over  12k on catering during shutdown   maga  trumptrain  kag  tcot  2a.
darjeeling  as hills vote  bimal gurungs abandoned home reminder of 2017 gorkhaland shutdown  .
main engine shutdown and stage separation confirmed   ng11  antares  cygnus .
linux         sudo shutdown  h    sudo .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans   nzpol.
antares ng 11  1st stage engine shutdown  stage separation confirmed  vehicle now in a brief coast  awaiting igniti .
first stage shutdown and separation   antares  cygnus  ng11  nasa  northropgrumman.
 mkraju  alliemalcnn ask about the scope of the mueller investigation and did it change  shrink or expand        was th .
 reedm the 6 and 43 are alternate service routes that customers with accessibility needs can use to get to ucsf  th .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
rt boredpanda  someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surroundin .
the north pole is moving  and the shutdown means we arent keeping up .
 tds  classicfm973 hi  fybloom  please can you slot in joe s  where you at  before you shutdown  i ll buy a ticket if you play it  .
i am of the view that africa has left on it s hotspot and the western world has been notified that the african s ho .
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men  men .
 casuallyroving possibly  i figured that the shutdown earlier this year threw things off  but not hearing anything .
 unocoin unocoin will going to shutdown service in india  is it true     unocoin.
someone tweets about super hero fans being undateable  so this woman reveals the toxicity surrounding men  men .
 waqarey  saji sajid01 han iss waja se import business kabi shutdown nahi hoga    but local business ko boost zarur .
  drewgodinich  c mon  man  get out of there   ca21  freedrew .
 anthemgame so how long till bioware is shutdown .
 paul bernier   derek n nhl spence will be more flashy and thus probably catch more eyes  but the eyes of nhl scout .
swamp thing teaser reveals first look at the title creature amid shutdown rumors  .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc        shutdown          listen on spotify                .
bolingbrook   1100 blk of w boughton   accident with injuries  2 medic response  boughton is shutdown both directions .
 juliadavisnews this is the most backward admin in us history  next up  donald j trump is ordering the complete an .
 cnnpolitics the question you should be asking is  who is andrew weissmann    mueller is just the face of the opera .
 .
vintage  lockouttagout posters in the main sub mcc in this shutdown  .
a new teaser revealed the first look at  swampthing amid rumors of a production shutdown  .
 thedailybeast as though it was a sure thing  she would have been an embarrassment  remember the foundation that was shutdown .
mann i d be lying  since that internet shutdown i haven t seen anything or been on social media  insta  snapchat  amp  .
5 days to shutdown  to praise  to pray  to give love  to reflect on life and build friendship  lets go .
who s here more now because of the g plus shutdown  .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 fred guttenberg and sad that this young woman who was clearly not well got no help  someone asked how one woman co .
smell or see smoke    200 acre fire named  dcorsica causes the shutdown of hwy 407  homes nearby  authorities are mon .
 larryfisher kdc  derek n nhl agree  but he is foremost a shutdown d  and with harley hell have a lot of ice to co .
cps america inverters now ul certified for rapid shutdown .
di ko na alam  shutdown muna ako .
capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  a group   sagagist.
 desmond1battle  rob lowder he didn t run a huge number of routes  got shutdown by talented corners.
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
 almostjingo um   wadr   on a simular topic    someone  exposed fb as darp  about a month ago    then there was this shutdown   .
how to create a slide to shutdown feature for a windows 10 pc  .
trump shutdown  weak holiday sales  bad weather dampens jan consumer debt growth  .
 gcrta will there be buses replacing the red line west since it is shutdown from 4 7pm .
i ve never seen a shutdown  whataburger location before today  the brightest white is where all the orange use to be  rip.
please also be aware that staff located at dhb sites should contact their local site manager for confirmation of an .
 davideakins7  betoorourke you support a morally bankrupt president who ran a scam charity that was forced to shutd .
 bilyeu m  amber athey  mcarsonaos those circuit courts are worthless and need to be shutdown  they don t follow th .
 14martinc  ytcreators i think they have been slowly hitting creators for months and months and it was just my turn .
if you need to obtain access to any facilities during the shutdown period you must seek written approval in advance .
i really hate sensational comic book youtube news    yeah swamp thing has been shutdown with its teaser just being .
 nobodyhere23  newgirllbianca  ryder kendra  snookerbastards how can you link to a shutdown instagram profile  oh  .
brevard county   correction to update  4     hwy 407 is shutdown   flfire.
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
brevard county   update  4  name of brush fire is d corsica  per fhp  hey 407 is shutdown until further notice  updates to follow   flfire.
we recognise there are many reasons you may wish to work  accessing university buildings over the official shutdown .
google announced the shutdown of google play music at the end of april in favor of youtube music  if you have any p .
but they won t shutdown or arrest his racist clan brothers  the ones who think and act like him  but if this were t .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
me trying to push some code changes to the finish line was a gamble today  anxiety levels seeing 0  battery life we .
jet airways shutdown in india from today.
 troniiq sithole  .
 camron28551  teamkellz1  serena39376455  curryshani  avftp1  sgcrimlaw  sakimfoxx  rkelly research is definitely a .
critics slam psegs notice of  nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision  what are your thoughts on pseg s filing .
oregon wants to protect workers in case of 2nd federal shutdown .
this is why the site had to be shutdown because the live album version on there was pretty much the same  and had b .
 ananavarro  ilhanmn we well remember shithole countries   fine people  who chant antisemitic chants  and run over .
dailypost ng   ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  .
 garbettformayor  ewarren yeah right  that is why she did so much to stand up for the protection of the national pa .
sometimes you have to just shutdown your surface book  1st edition  and let it rest for awhile  to let the weird behavior work itself out .
 pietilatx  ewarren yes  she really stood up and fought to protect the national parks during the extended governmen .
disappointing  millerrt that your publication   libraryjournal blocked the thousands who responded negatively to an .
 senoamadijorge  sthebeworldwide both.
 ikaneti  ewarren really   is that why congress did absolutely nothing to protect the national parks during the ext .
a jet engine tailpipe fire  also referred to as an internal fire  is one which occurs within the normal gas flow pa .
 rawstory  alberttlunde  senatemajldr  shutdown  mitch doesn t care              he s all about selling out to russia  .
out today  2019  proxy season analysis by  blaw s  securities expert  npeterrasmusse1 including interesting q1 2019 .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
ballgame over  the  mets get shutdown by jake arrieta this afternoon but make it very interesting in the 9th  this .
  thats zach but did you see any birds during the government shutdown   didnt think so        birdsareagovernmentconspiracy.
 sfmta muni why is the 6 haight parnassus so terribly impacted by the n judah shutdown  and was there warning about .
who thinks the federal government should be shutdown forever so we dont have to hear about these assholes anymore .
the southern border is unlikely to be shutdown  but a new tariff threat and timeline have been introduced to the sc .
 kareeeninaaa hahahahaha buhay kapa nyan ah  okay sana wag kang mag shutdown.
 pentyfuma it s awesome being painfully aware of all of your organs at all times because of the tiny  recurring tho .
2  years later  he s quoted in the shutdown notice as basically saying the game didn t make enough money  it makes .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over homicide of nscdc personnel a bunch  below the umbrella of coalition of .
 goibibo  jetairways jetairways announces its service shutdown but goibibo sents itenary and make me to believe st .
i promised myself i was gonna have a mental shutdown after our 2018 nf because it was clear as day that ieva was go .
 badjamjam a good couple months long maintenance shutdown might be in order    after all  these pipelines are old  .
cakeppp benerr apa gw bilang  ada indikasi akan diretas atau dihack  jadi lbh baik di shutdown dlu  nnt dibuka lg s .
  tessr not that it matters at this point  but  tammtran was getting a new passport at this point as well and we di .
arpa e should not ever be shutdown period    energy  darpa  arpae .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
 strmsptr  npr if you orient your political values around vengeance and resentment  it might be time to reevaluate .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdc personnel  naija breakingnews  .
ogah jumbo  protesters shutdown abuja over murder of nscdcpersonnel .
manchester city are really cursed when it comes to the champions league  last year they got knocked out by liverpoo .
due to inclement weather  ut dallas is closing for the remainder of the evening  this includes a total shutdown of .
those illegal aliens are bringing in disease and send them back when the fuck are we going to shutdown the borders now.
  ad20  bpdbryan  scobrad81  adorkablencute  aborderlinedad  helenmarchant9  jacobb1liam  dysonlife4real .
mercurial trump has made path out of shutdown much harder to find        .
the 11 year olds mother and sisters deportation was delayed because of the government shutdown   deportation    phot .
polling staff in srinagar  budgam  amp  ganderbal complained to me that no food items  not even water  is being provide .
would it kill them to put a nice steak and potato meal on their menu  clem asked  i mean  steak and potatoes is .
 moaningwaynes wb shutdown swamp thing.
great news  just got final numbers for our period product drive  amp  as we expected  we beat last year with 16k period .
this looks like democrats  opening salvo on the bill to avert a gov t shutdown after money runs out on 9 30  every .
 tatanthonyy  brandeeezy    abels1906 yah but then you have people voting against and government goes on shutdown lol .
the woman whose threats prompted a major shutdown of colorado schools today has been found dead according to author .
new uzi on apple music government shutdown time.
i polish a outbreak for infielder  shutdown  and carat.
 danieljohnsalt  daveatherton20 why dont we shutdown the  independent and ban it .
 dcuswampthing  thedcuniverse shutdown talks .
 dcuswampthing  thedcuniverse all this shutdown and look at this    pays to have patience.
 jilevin    for the turtle to run again  i guess people don t mind waiting for help if it helps their masters  kind .
if you take this survey  pay special attention to the question about what apps you use  metrohero is an option list .
ik luister sfb shutdown  lamik direct naar air gaan ofseuw.
are you impacted by the blue and yellow line shutdown south of dca this summer        if so  please take a minute to he .
business at mvenpick hotel shutdown as staff demonstrate over racist treatment .
me       everyone  hey man  i know we havent spoken in 16 years but you think i could get on the list for semester shutdown .
why cant we have a shutdown button .
massive extinction rebellion protest shuts down london  .
are you impacted by the blue and yellow line shutdown south of dca this summer        if so  please take a minute to he .
  vice  fb  whitenationalist  extremists  internet  shutdown  encryption  isis   security  infosec.
this might be ironic  as im posting this on twitter  but why do media outlets find it newsworthy enough to allocat .
 anonymoush1ppo shutdown  z1battleroyale   make  z1battleroyale  only available through streamers hosted games but .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 women that seek abortion car .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
the  uscpsc s statement comes on the heels of eight new reports of overheating battery packs   the actual recall an .
why aren t these assholes we ve elected doing their jobs        stop paying them   only   and see if they get their .
shutdown   shouts  kandman for having me at his show     new music soon land  london  shoreditch  live .
 bbaord  karendrakestraw  naterob65462440  thedailybeast hmmmm   exactly what the democrats wanted before the longe .
shutdown ko na nga tong utak ko .
 cn arrest stuff  it was only 9 hours  but bearing in mind my need for routine  communication and positive stims an .
 catbuddha truth  for one thing  orange one will be in office on dec  31  2020  but da  just as orange fucker greet .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
everybody always coming to me with there problems in etc so overwhelmed right now  shutdown mode.
 sbin shutdown  r now .
its time to shutdown social media  .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  .
when i reach my full potential    its over  shutdown  .
dammit  we were supposed to go and we missed our chance because of the stupid shutdown        delania kimler heller .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the economic times .
internal military hardware the syth signaling with white noise externally  shutdown no    a  sparky with love and .
 only half demon  stevewestly  janet yackle i agree  this is why   before the whole trump government shutdown  rep  .
 .
fbi agents say shutdown is hampering counterterrorism  sex trafficking probes you mean investigating hookers and gi .
 isikoff  skullduggerypod  aoc  nypost  rupertmurdoch those calling for and endorsing   aoc  a boycott of the new y .
swing and a miss   walsh4314 ks a pair in a big shutdown inning for the eagles        birdball   end 4  bc 2  nu 1     .
 jessicav cis  anncoulter  rollcall democrats will not find success currently with a corrupt administration that wi .
 realdonaldtrump    818contd    countdown566       shutdown   good    lessgovernment      big  gubment   bad    behemoth.
so is dc re thinking this dc streaming with this  swampthing shutdown .
 trureporting i live not to far and all the states schools were shutdown today my kids are safe chick was a wierdo .
amazon to shutdown china  alibaba and  win here  .
new traffic technology to mitigate alexandria metro shutdown .
new traffic technology to mitigate alexandria metro shutdown .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 people that seek abortion ca .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
a2  when in training orientation  youre immediately told or shutdown from asking questions   nextchat .
yo remember when all those philly public schools got shutdown and a bunch of bougie dickheads opened a restaurant f .
 cloudstudios9 why is your game rebooting everyone has reset if you didn t know you need to shutdown instead and sort your codeing out.
 ajfroggie  nwsburlington the power to the computer room where the servers are located was shutdown for maintenance .
notre dame  columbine  beyonc  your wednesdaybriefing .
new traffic technology to mitigate alexandria metro shutdown  .
 byjohnsmith yeah thats the only problem    reddit keeps getting shutdown so i never know which sub i need to get to.
 themarkpantano wotrue  trump rather than taking on gop lost on shutdown despite support for him  took worse deal than he had in dec.
city of greenville  nc  city computers hit with new  ransomware called  robbinhood forcing shutdown of most servers .
a stanford study published earlier this year called india  the most shutdown prone sovereign state in the world      s .
the genesis spacecraft crashed due to a sensor failure that created a cascading effect leading to the main engine s .
 johnnyyongbosch my son had a minor shutdown when i pointed out you were adam nate hovernyan popuko nero   it was v .
you ate the food after the 2nd health department shutdown  .
beledyeler shutdown.
geoff johns friends or the people who he hired for dc streaming  to get them easy money are reporting .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion   .
the crazy lady who caused the shutdown of the schools in colorado and created terror at a massive scale that cant .
 atlasreactor sorry to see it go  seriously  every good game out there is getting shutdown .
update 4 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up    jet to continue .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision via  njspotlight .
  cps america inverters are now ul certified for rapid shutdown .
minimizing unplanned downtime for micro data centers outfitted with hyperconverged infrastructure    a solution for .
 aidatrazos  lapares bueno  aqu no explico la diferencia entre ambas  no tengo tampoco muy claro que sean crisis d .
 narendramodi in  smritiirani  tajinderbagga my sincere reqst  plz mak  rahulgandhi win electn  resn      1 he is very .
 whitehouse  secretarycarson carson has destroyed this seventy five year old program  he ignorantly pretends he did .
 ndhichimr has there ever been a shutdown of the whole township .
 mamareg2 first yuma now mexico  maybe time to shutdown the borders .
has the government shutdown delayed your federal audit  which can cause state and local filings to report rar adjus .
 shereenbhan  gulpanag if cost structure is the core issue  then all the airlines had been shutdown till now  it s .
arkansas maga supporter wants taco bell shut down for being too mexican .
all digital clinical trial demonstrates the feasibility of siteless studies    .
gusto ko i shutdown buhay ko.
pak prabowo itu pasti ada yang dorong kongperengsi pres  sujud sukur  dan nispu sya banan   yang ngedorong itu mus .
dr  heather cox richardson  boston college  will be delivering the russell library s congress week keynote lecture .
ascension parish  hwy  73 at rivault lane shutdown due to electrical pole on fire and electrical lines in danger of .
dallas i 35 shutdown    why tho    dallas  i35  downtown .
were you or someone you know affected by the government shutdown  yes  then you know sometimes people are victims o .
 chrismartzwx  time and i agree the shutdown was a clown show  but there is no emergency  trump said it himself  .
 cbsnews mcconnel helped trump get elected  that seems to be his main purpose no matter the possible benefits to th .
update  kenyan airport shutdown is over  passenger who made the report taken into custody  .
 oldytron  time  hillaryclinton  speakerpelosi she ended the shutdown  all by herself  ok     what has she done for d .
 lokendr25305587  dream11  narayananxi  sindbadsailor r  rvthedreamerrv  glhunter  rudresh2  erkeshav04  haiwaaaan .
 markwkaelin  cainverlinden  techrepublic looking at the ms group policy article it will impact the endurance  beca .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
its gonna be a shutdown     mintfriday  zone6venue  come join us   26 april save the date   .
another government shutdown with even bigger consequences  congress doesn t care .
 hornbaker adam  tomilahren  sensanders              literally says total and complete shutdown .
i remember that shutdown       that was when the greatest negotiator in world history was bitch slapped by freaking nan .
sues federal government over shutdown  american black ale   .
 aidatrazos shutdown es li mismo que meltdown  una crisis .
 sunderpari ab tu reunion mai bhi koi baat na hoga yar this women ruined every pure essence of this love story kya .
 luvtruckers  truckernation85 especially since i heard the shutdown went up in smoke   no pun intended .
 tom jackson  an economist with ihs markit  said the federal government shutdown  a slow housing market  a decline .
 themarkpantano during recent gov shutdown negotiations  pelosi and schumer specifically included language limiting .
 danieljohnsonwx  time the shutdown was a clown show  border security is important  i don t want illegals  key word .
sorry ed gotta go  2 shutdown corners and the banger roaming free .
traffic alert  highway 271 to be shutdown in gladewater for gusher days       .
continued shutdown of  acpipeline project negatively impacting wv workers  businesses .
has jet s finances gone haywire after the shutdown of d s biz in dubai  another jv partner from lavasa couldn t do .
 illespal  verretor  petermccormack  keo nobody knows  and by now i really think they should have known  the way th .
 gop a trump made crisis resembling the gov t shutdown  dismantling our government  exiting the paris accord  fossi .
 matfaure from le shutdown de messi to se faire dribbler par pallois.
 makemytrip  jetairways  jetairways   jet airways has confirmed the temporary shutdown but  makemytrip are refusing .
 kenyapower care hello  no power in kisiikia but shutdown period elapsed.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video .
  jetairways.
new article  chint power systems pv inverters provide rapid shutdown with tigos ul certification .
time to find out who  what  when  where  amp  why  then charge them with  sedition   amp  encouraging all kinds of unlawful .
    operationshutdown     operationshut19.
 jetairways if you shutdown  about 16000 employees will lose their jobs  so kindly don t shutdown.
how many presidents do we have in this country at the present time  seems everyone asswipe going over seas to make .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
a threatening  unstable person from out of town shows up and is able to purchase a gun almost instantly  soon resul .
 kareeeninaaa hahahaa hilu gudmorning na  baka mag shutdown ka bigla ah like sa birthday ni lowell oppss hahhaha.
 joshuagbalding as kieren  maz  amp  i have access to do reboots for update days  we also have access to do a shutdown .
every monday during a government shutdown  the members of the national council on disability gather in the boardroo .
colorado gun broker in littleton tells  9wantstoknow that they sold the shotgun to the woman who sparked a widespre .
 braves great  can he be a shutdown reliever .
 manny ottawa in grande cache  ab coal was taxed to death by ndp  shutdown  meanwhile a stones throw away in tumble .
to all those loud mouthed democrat leaders  housedemocrats  senatedems   whatever happened to that manufactured cr .
london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown    if this is what it takes  .
gusto konang i shutdown yung sarili ko .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
eyes plss shutdown .
im gonna shutdown mine social media for a while for some personal reason   i m not sure that when i came again so be .
yall prescott shutdown     .
guest commentary  the shutdown is over  but hunger remains   davis vanguard   foodsecurity .
chint power systems pv inverters provide rapid shutdown with tigos ulcertification .
 jack shutdown twitter  it was a mistake .
 glenngriffin8  truefactsstated dil is a teacher in denver   she texted me this morning about the shutdown   the mo .
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes   chicago tribune .
breaking  the woman whose threats prompted a major shutdown of colorado schools today has been found dead per autho .
 rocknrollraptor  dontsueme   bluestarwolfm2  smashmastershow  sachicanttech you will not die of a gunshot  you wil .
and we still ask ourselves if alex shutdown is genuine or anc criminalities activities  anc is lost  .
shutdown mga kainuman pota hahahahahahahaha.
 consumervoicein  sardesairajdeep sirs  what about the passengers like me who booked jet airways ticket through .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 lokendr25305587  dream11  narayananxi  sindbadsailor r  rvthedreamerrv  glhunter  rudresh2  erkeshav04  haiwaaaan .
 jim jordan it s ironic that the men s club that coordinated to shutdown the obama administration  currently coordi .
 wendellb64  alberta411  rachelnotley several small business shutdown bc of her  insane regulations to oil and gas .
 bambamat30  bamteddy  alphanation  bbnaija       total shutdown    .
232 info     notice bullet 3   plants will shutdown   i have been saying this forever if u p .
 veggiefact nii chan hit the coolant fan shutdown button.
kq flight to johannesburg cleared for take off as temporary shutdown lifted    .
 hornbaker adam  tomilahren  sensanders ok        he said mexicans are rapists and murderers  and assumes that only som .
the government shutdown was created to raise money to fund the wall  it was all pre planned  .
jet airways  one more airline calls it a day  i seriously hope the metal birds fly again soon .
 deeenst  leahhoustonmd  pittsburghpg  enough212  bmill247  ghostingeek  talkeetna101  thomasklinemd when i called .
fda acknowledges shortage of breathing tubes due to sterilization shutdown .
modi has destroyed india s psu banks and several others      bsnl  54000 jobs at risk    jet airways  temporary shutdow .
reverse mortgage data details disruption from governmentshutdown .
reverse mortgage data details disruption from governmentshutdown .
 nowplaying the presets   downtown shutdown  video edit  on cortelyou road radio     ditmaspark s radio station  th .
 dominos india  dominos if u are not able to provide  good service to us    then u can shutdown ur shutters     farji  poorservice.
 jessha6s id rather miss the playoffs by a hair than get swept  amp  dominated the way tb  amp  pitt in rd1  neither team .
 iamiqrakhalid yet you think  cdncharter is not enough and needs  m103  yet you voted to shutdown more  puglaas tes .
 jammer6950  krassenstein  aoc and he wanted to shutdown the border   what an idiot  that would have dropped americ .
mais genre a peut me foutre en shutdown ou me faire pleurer pour de vrai oo j ai l impression d en faire trop mais .
 senatemajldr to the republican voters especially the ky  nc and sc voters   when it comes time to vote remember ho .
jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  by  tanvimehta710  promit07  aditishahsays.
 eelowan  deniselanigan  brendensewell  realdonaldtrump they need more judges    the government shutdown added like .
belediyeler shutdown  havada laiklik kokusu var  istanbul.
president trump s executive orders takes power from states to shutdown pipelines .
in  occupiedkashmir  joint resistance leadership asks people to observe complete shutdown in poll bound areas of sr .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
data delays due to government shutdown still recovering from  which middies estimate for 1q  .
 threemileisland closure would take  nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
a meeting is underway this evening between the alexandra shutdown committee and the inter ministerial task team est .
a disturbed 18 year old girl  plotting a homicide  can walk into a store and buy a gun instantly without being a re .
come visit chick fil a today and help support the business  some people are trying to shutdown the business because .
 realalitweets if you decide not 2 vote   then trump wins    you should b ashamed of yourself 4 not 2 vote   just r .
  ebyamrannnn ajak amer  maghi time tu kito shutdown eby.
 ericfingerhut something something checking line something something shutdown line something something .
my journey as a entrepreneur ended  disappointingly  with the shutdown of our company due to unsustainable financi .
  exclusive  business news   india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
its truly a great emotional day  from such high flying airline to today  what will happen to my fellow colleagues  .
are you guys getting paid yet       umm the shutdown ended two months ago dude .
.
 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  by reuters via nyt .
three mile island closure would take nuclear plant offline in fall  shutdown costs estimated at  1 25 billion .
 andrewwhitty  london cycling  extinctionr i wasn t complaining  it s great  shutdown good.
jet airways is about to shutdown       around 22000 employees will be unemployed       but ch is busy campaigning to be in .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision   nj spotlight .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
we need gun control laws  im tired of people thinking something like this is okay  the lack of gun control is the .
 shiguy79  pierrevlebrun ask bergeron  marchand and pasta how muzzin is doing  he s a big part of the reason why th .
to my mind i saw the operation shutdown march forming and thought it was very thought out organised and how campaig .
the hospital for sick children announced the shutdown of the motherisk program yesterday after almost 35 years  .
update 4 india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up   .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  rt.
belediyeler shutdown  ekrem imamoglu.
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
india s jet airways finds itself out of runway as funds dry up  reuters.
belediyeler shutdown    .
 dopesickdiaries  mgtymoose13  goldyvox  donpepitoandy the dems did have their biggest victory in 40 years  secondl .
show me a better band in lagos and i ll shutdown my instagram account        reposted from  iamslkng     one of the bes .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
i would think that her ability to get to things has been shutdown and or codes changed       if not  id be shocked    .
 illespal  verretor  petermccormack per block reward  either price has to go up which is no guarantee especially wh .
wanna feel old  the government shutdown was this year .
shutdown .
 klutzpo y all are gonna run out of burial space soon and are gonna need to start cremating your failed long haul a .
 justjoshinyou13  jhweissmann i d say it s a lot like housing in how supply is limited  there are regulations and c .
if it s what it takes      extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
 totalsoccershow watching mo salah get shutdown is a thing of beauty  chefskiss  yuponlyanevertonfan.
i was in saudi and instead wattpad i read arabic novels written by young saudi girls  they went by anon aliases on .
yall worded this like shit and deserve to be shutdown  .
  tigoenergy is currently compatible and available with  cps america and more tier one certified inverter manufactu .
ok so shutdown diay ang landbank until 3am today ok ok swito.
 adriandiederich  maskenlp  hobbit116  maximmarkow i shutdown 127 0 0 1 once in a while.
 solpais  the  woman who was believed to want to go on a  columbine  like shooting spree  prompting the shutdown of .
 chrismartzwx  time  first female speaker of house  twice     expanded healthcare to millions of americans  affordabl .
9w  jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
looming cosas shutdown to negatively affect schooling .
my brain literally shutdown i havent been able to think of one question this is humiliating.
motorists have been warned of delays of up to an hour on some motorways this easter  with traffic congestion compou .
do parents of autistic kids realise that meltdowns only happen due to stress  exhaustion  and or sensory overload  .
great   i m on nightshift for the shutdown next month  gonna have to make this set of days off a good one .
the one thing that s been made harder about this process post emuparadise shutdown is finding roms just so i can ca .
 narendramodi  pmoindia  narendramodi  zeebusiness sir i think in this time u are olny busy in elections but plzz t .
 jetairways to suspend all operations from tonight  .
 joao p romero  goescarlos  valoreconomico e discricionrias perigosamente abaixo de 120 bi  a reforma permite evit .
et jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now    sent from economic .
whats plan b   winstonpeters  according to  maxrashbrooke  capital gains tax shutdown threatens govt s other plans .
 shutdown leach  itsjameer  minajjyogirl .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
after shutdown  jet airways ceo says all jobs cannot be secured during sale of carrier .
 jetairways you were one of the best  your international flights were too good  it is bad to see you shutdown  indi .
this is important  louisianas bullsh t clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 .
restart o shutdown  syempre doon tayo sa shutdown hehe para dire diretso naaa   .
it also depends on what problems actually effect you  a government shutdown for example probably isn t going to eff .
 fresh kermit  mattyglesias cuomo just partially axed the l train shutdown throwing all the remediation plans into .
jet airways    alvida     i wish we could have done something to save you   jetairwayscrisis  jetairways .
psa  the vadm martin pool aboard nasni will be shut down starting today  april 17th  nbc is expecting a ten day shu .
 lo lifepat hes been blessed to play with shutdown defenders in every stage of his career  so his laziness on that end stems from that.
 realdonaldtrump is calling for a complete and total shutdown of white women in america until our elected officials .
if the leafs win the series itll be because of tavares and his ability to not only shutdown but outplay the berger .
several states responded to the government shutdown by passing laws to lay the groundwork for how credit  housing  .
 hyggelighouse what would have helped greatly during the biggest burnout shutdown period of my life  in my 30s  was .
hahahaha naseen lang kita kase nag shutdown yung ip ko tas nagagalit ka kaagad  eh ako nga siniseen moko nagalit bako nun .
 tonyrouge what happened to a shutdown role  or a shadow  that role couldn t have died in the 80s  keep someone on .
 belediyeler shutdown    mazbatageldi.
cps america inverters now ul certified for rapid shutdown  .
thankful for holding the  33 slot on  trendcharts in germany   work is growing worldwide and this only the beginnin .
 treasonhappens  girlnyc  msnbc a lot of people suffered because of the tax scam and govt  shutdown  once things hi .
 psybrdoc  doggymama8  shannonrwatts a child is dead by suicide  an entire smsa is terrorized  amp  shutdown  nobody is winning .
 aoc you said the world was ending in 12 years  why is it only a half cut in emissions  we need 100  shutdown and w .
 stephenk fb yes  we saw spikes in our getcalfresh applications during the shutdown as families lost certainty for .
i haven t posted on twitter for a while  but the announcement of the shutdown of  atlasreactor makes me want to do .
business of film industries will shutdown  actresses and actors of tiktok are more efficient than that of film indu .
and its kinda silly that we shutdown other franchises for small things while homestuck is literally full of slurs a .
roof collapse contributes to cabinet shop shutdown  60 workers lose jobs .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl mulvaney  i have to laugh when people say that  oh  we control the house  the sena .
kingfisher airlines had reward points  shutdown     jet airways have reward points  temporarily shutdown     anyother a .
 fpl4tsch  musiquinha de shutdown do windows xp .
 jetairways you guys bring india to fly all over the world  so please maintain your service  we need you  don t shutdown .
 palmerreport its crazy to think barr cant suffocate all these other investigations  if by no other means than li .
with more than a tinge of sadness  these are  jetairways 9w928 and 9w758 on final approach into  delhi     and they .
like  say  a federal government shutdown .
 petropoulosjess  realutherapy  mikegentile5  grangersluthors  addiecakes11012  notaregularmum  that small shutdo .
 realutherapy  mikegentile5  sirlucky   grangersluthors  addiecakes11012  notaregularmum  if only he really shut do .
 extinction rebellion  famed climate attorney superglued herself outside  shells u k  hq  v .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc    shutdown     listen on spotify   .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge   operationshutdown  knifecrime  stoptheviolence.
wrong place to do it buddy  dont get shutdown in front of the world .
dear  narendramodi  jayantsinha  sureshpprabhu  pmoindia    pls  savejetairways   jet airways going shutdown   pls save 2 .
give reason  why no shutdown in sedibeng and ekurhuleni.
 iluvatar 9  theofficertatum  ilhanmn trump  i donald j trump call for a complete and total shutdown on muslims en .
 hermanmashaba  advdali mpofu alexander shutdown is an anc project  why no shutdown in sedibeng and ekurhuleni.
 tarh2o23 once the line was crossed that schools were on lockdown yesterday and completely shutdown today  her ment .
 deseretnews think about it         a mentally i ll woman      with no access to healthcare      is able to buy a weapon      and .
that there s a deranged shooter who has made a credible threat resulting in the shutdown of schools across central .
alex shutdown movement  we believe govt will rectify whats happened to us .
 realdonaldtrump and there is no work being done at the border  and you ve been given billions in 2016 and 2017  of .
 cbsnews interesting  remember the government shutdown i didnt see that on the video .
jet airways temporarily shuts operations after almost 26 years  many fond memories with the airline  thoughts and p .
wednesday repalm  odd as it seems these ccm vector pros are already classics  nothing today has the bulk or heft to .
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa   o meu pc fez shutdown a meio da edio do video da ebec  est tudo bem  amigos .
 as thousands of protesters use roadblocks and glue to paralyse parts of central london      if this is what it takes .
 dieselguy696 total speculation  wouldn t fremont have to be shutdown while being re tooled .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 women that seek abortion car .
families who ve lost children to knife crime have been demonstrating outside downing street       operation shutdown wa .
 seemagoswami  nidhi for  airindiain    no tears   they are too on the verge of being totally shutdown hundreds of .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch  twittersupport  jack 89  trollbot  remove shutdown  this has been .
congratulations bhakts  your saheb has created 20000   unemployment people     jetshutdown      .
 frankeljeremy it is even  worse  that thatdemocrats were actually trying to reduce the number of beds back in feb .
 lfc  jhenderson keep up the great work  don t go on shutdown mode like at the beginning of the season.
 charliekirk11  aoc charlie during shutdown   we should fire all the nonessential employees because i dont know w .
props to suga  he s so used to these kind of situations he knows how to shutdown haters  i felt their energy here  .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla  demokrasikazandi.
 severythings  dinarland  mrbrandoyoutube  ramblernash  bingohanley  burnside1971  roe50  nightwatch28  dinardaily .
 centeronbudget a3  to get concrete  we see spikes in snap applications during lunchtime hours  when our clients ha .
 charliekirk11  aoc yeah she should be told shame by the kid who has never worked a day in his life  gets paid mi .
 nbc6 so now back to the other unanswered questions  she had a web page and openly spoke about killing and columbin .
 denizzakdenizz belediyeler shutdown.
 jarrycuk  bobertffa  noireyterasu minecraft has been shutdown.
 renerabril times that gop friendly fire was called for     firing 11 cabinet appointees    kavanaugh appointment    g .
 ravensspirit68  leahhoustonmd  pittsburghpg  enough212  bmill247  ghostingeek  talkeetna101  thomasklinemd i find .
 juggalo trey23 im surprised you even know what a computer startup and shutdown consist of considering you went to general lee college.
 update  just in   the last worker leaving the scaffolding at the  notredame in  paris has confirmed  he shutdown t .
 students and their  families are living an unexpected crisis due to shutdown  4profit schools that saddled them wi .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  rt russia news .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps  via  youtube.
 ericswalwell you said you were only after our so called assault weapons  that is a lie as you with the radical ide .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
 nagarjund  sumanthraman yet to come to terms that a fine airline has shutdown  my first air travel was on a jet fl .
 jetairways announces suspension of all operations after state bank of india denies the firm critical funding  all .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube  wasf  globalwarming  abruptclimatechange.
 syafiq izuandi betul    otak bole shutdown punya  case last minute show malam.
 chrismckayaw  jennjohnson20  karibjmckay  karijobe  delanawood  kimwalkersmith  jenledger  are  being treated with .
 students and their  families are living an unexpected crisis due to shutdown  4profit schools that saddled them wi .
once the wreckage of this government shutdown hurt american science  research and medicine via .
 cbcnews aka the fakenews  cbc trying to trash conservatives so boy blunder  justintrudeau wins  fakenews anchors a .
 southafrica  shutdown protests in tshwane .
 skimantas  robinsoncarol we had a pill mill in jasper shutdown a few yrs  ago  when will officials get the methadone clinics   .
 miamoor5  exutoir1  feerique9  dame boulette  sylvalala  garcia1cecile  looneytotoro  coulon brigitte  frapa 92 .
 chrismckayaw  jennjohnson20  karibjmckay  karijobe  delanawood  kimwalkersmith  jenledger if people feel disrespec .
 aneeshp  afnewsroom  klm press is this still valid after the shutdown .
non announcement       shutdown    nairobi  you in my heart    julius nyerere international airport .
did you notice heavier than normal delays and stress with your personal and  corporatetaxes this year  government s .
belediyeler shutdown  d.
beledyeler shutdown .
 gedeon we had a shutdown of all the schools in the denver metro area .
 exelongen shutdown nuclear power plants and build solar and wind power farms  make america great again .
 ms shaleelee  omgshuddup well given the walmart near me is shutdown you would be coming to my work lol.
 icymi another one bites the dust  jet airways ceases operations      jetairways  aviationnews  airlines  india .
 realdark kent  my3monkees this guy    mexicans are bringing disease and r pe   obamas a kenyan muslim   a mexican .
informative working session on the impact  amp  challenges of a government shutdown on services for veterans military f .
 berniesanders wages are going up continually now  thanks to trumps tax cuts and deregulations  if you force a min  .
petten  last yr oil revenues were down cause of shutdown of searose fpso  why didnt you ask partners to help       bal .
in 1986  cory aquino ordered the shutdown of the bataan nuclear power plant kaya naging sobrang mahal at madalang a .
a truly sad day for the indian aviation sector  the  hopefully temporary  shutdown of  jetairways after half a doze .
last year oil revenues were down by  82 million due to the shutdown of the searose fpso  the province then had to b .
nasa deserves to get shutdown permanently for letting a man called eugene be the last person to walk on the moon.
using a new model  scientists calculate that the 2015 york christmas flood caused 3 24m in economic losses through .
 pdotwhy definitely dont but i seen something saying she got fired but the whole network should be shutdown like just fire the bitch.
this is precisely why  i dont attend or support circuses  i have yet to see the greatest showman bc the movie is a .
malapit ko na i shutdown cc ko.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
 cloydrivers dudes a shitbag that constantly lied during the shutdown about voting to reopen the gov but is listed as a nay for every vote .
 glennkirschner2       is it possible for barr to shutdown the sdny investigation .
if this is what it takes  this is what it takes    extinctionrebellion  .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
wasnt this street  university btw 13th and 14th  supposed to be totally pedestrianized for the shutdown  why is it .
 mazbatageldi belediyeler shutdown .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video      .
threat from an 18 y o girl shutdown entire school districts in  colorado   americancower  weakness  spinesearch  whatlosinglookslike.
na shutdown things .
went to a denver playground to speak to parents about the threat and school shutdown  no one wanted to talk because .
the  us fda has reported that a temporary shortage of breathing tubes is related to the february shutdown of the st .
threat is over  fbi denver division addressing alleged threat that shutdown 20 school districts in colorado   d2ksl .
 marklazerus  byscottpowers  theathleticchi disappointed with the perpetuation of murphy being good defensively  he .
chaos  police  shutdown  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
 kyleclark well  that s illuminating   i thought a deranged gunman was to blame for the school shutdown .
update  investigate activity occurring at a mt  evans  colorado echo lake campground re  critical search for wome .
 fortnitegame switch players were playong against their own platform while mobile was shutdown  no .
i  owen cyclops  am calling for a complete and total shutdown on  dinosaur toys  for children until we figure out w .
  google is giving your cellular location data to cops  tell google to shutdown its sensorvault project  .
  andyhull79  garyheatherfj.
did  digital  government come through during the recent shutdown   davidm00dy shares insights  amp  tips with  gcntech .
 tiffthetechie eventually they run out of power and need to shutdown .
this sudden love respect and nostalgia not just for dead people but also for shutdown airlines   notaslytweetjustobservation.
 vcp uk  for your info .
arey amabni and adani    yeh jet airways band ho rahi hai  khareedna chahoge kya      modihaitohmumkinha .
with a government shutdown and horrible winter storms q1 gdp at 2 4  would be amazing .
20 years  sincecolumbine where one threat can shutdown an entire educational network of more than a half million st .
encore en train d essayer de comprendre la diffrence entre meltdown  shutdown    pfff    pourtant on me la expliqu 10 fois.
 realdonaldtrump maybe you could try asking them  nicely   in the meantime  both houses are laughing hysterically a .
at yesterdays town hall meeting in astoria  i had the opportunity to thank the spouses of coast guard members and .
me  you all might remember some concern about this back during the trump government shutdown        someday we are goin .
 anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after spate of london stabbings  .
 joshuastlee instagram was shutdown .
bloomberg is saying 2 4  which if correct is ironic because thats where the atlanta  fed  gdp now forecast is righ .
 mrdane1982 and yet nancy is the only one who has made trump bend the knee during the shutdown  foolish mortal .
 paydayuppsala imorgon        rickyyrich  amp  arammafia imorgon p flustret     djs   aminacarlsson hallexberryy ekascratc .
 tfl  pgr3master  virginmedia thanks  i m surprised they didn t request shutdown of mobile nwtowkes near stations b .
 jetairways   very sad to see the most loved airline of india shutdown their operations  hoping for a strong comeback  jetairways  .
.
 gorillastyle  thehill then why doesn t she govern  100 days and nothing of substance from the house     she can t ev .
business at mvenpick hotel shutdown as staff demonstrate over racist treatment   .
enfim  eu sabia que minha alegria no ia durar muito tempo        afinal quem t on fire recebe shutdown mais fcil   .
 paris5503 don t know why a post from february second is randomly on my feed but wasn t this during the shutdown  a .
today  london  wifi  shutdown could have been all data services  luckily  fortresssentinel customers can still tell .
 ndamex dear mark  we have a brief shutdown to safely work on a transformer on the line  power is going to be resto .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the economic times .
 jetairways  awnusharma it s just a temporary shutdown  hoping to fly again and again with you in many more years t .
 ian cummings 9 every time i say grab him especially bcuz he wants 2 be a redskin  they always say 15 is too high   .
finally the most premium airlines jet airways  engine comes to  halt tonight   sad state of affairs   .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
 vipinbhatt  cnbc awaaz it has already shutdown sir not a single channel could cover d pain of employees and there .
you shutdown yourself.
i am in support of this spreading the united states     from  .
 ali85231320  realdonaldtrump i   well  we didn t see him storm out of the room like a child when he got nan cucked .
 chadloder  ilhanmn  huffpost  washingtonpost you re trying to demand that twitter take a curation standpoint  you .
very sad to see such a change in our skies  one of the most admired airline of indian sky  seen jet from it s launc .
 realpmurray a postseason offensive shutdown is what happens when you fill a team with ex rangers  right   d.
langleys coleman not afraid of oil shutdown .
 langleybcs coleman not afraid of oil shutdown .
 360idev sadly out cocaoheads meetup  indianapolis  shutdown a few months back.
 shakunthalahs current situation of jds party has became equal to hmt watch factory  .
belediyeler shutdown be tayyoeye  mazbatageldi.
 dgodfathermoody  a s12  nicolereporting  foxnashville mesa marin got shutdown because of people like that   and th .
except for star virginia madsen s now deleted insta post commenting on a vague yet  terrible decision   here s ever .
 benscalligraphy   a reylo theory shutdown .
very sad to see such a change in our skies  one of the most admired airline of indian sky  seen jet from    .
 collinsuma  realomosexy  bashirahmaad omotala is talking    this person is talking    that person is writing   as .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
 andreacpa0  peterreillycpa but then i wondered if there was an issue with the step transaction doctrine  or some o .
 thomas1774paine where on her list is the longest govt shutdown .
the mta now has a detailed map that outlines what to expect during the l train  partial shutdown  from now through .
id love to know if running a fully cut  higher frequency l along w the promised bus service would actually be a ne .
 swamy39 educated useless feelings of religious fundas    all the airlines will shutdown and god only knows whether .
 nialljburke  luke silke there is no mission creep the list cant be added to it was shutdown ages ago  ppl that wer .
travel  news  great smoky mountains campgrounds  facility openings delayed this spring due to shutdown .
 bkiser90 hey benjamin  i m a denver based reporter for the washington post  would you be willing to speak with me .
entergy agrees to post shutdown sale of indian point energy center to holtec international  .
four lessons from the google  shutdown  google has announced the demise of google   to find out more go to my blog .
so this saturday is the 20th anniversary of the columbine shooting here in co and we need to talk about how an 18 y .
update  authorities continue to search for the woman connected to threats that led to the shutdown of dozens of den .
deputy commissioner santiago talking to councilor  edforboston at today s working session about how veterans servic .
i have to remember to shut up  and remember you cant tell people things   most times they dont want to hear anyth .
 realdonaldtrump  geaninec dam mr  president how many vacations do they get  hell wasn t they away during the last .
new post  court orders quebec file sharing site shutdown .
new post  court orders quebec file sharing site shutdown .
deputy commissioner santiago at  boscitycouncil working session called by councilor  edforboston about the impact a .
 donaldjtrumpjr  maybe you shouldn t be commenting on anyone s donations to charity considering       2020.
shutdown laei .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
i thought from the get go it was the worst possible draw for tampa  cbj had a top end goalie  some skill up front  .
but cheeto puff over here shutdown the gov  for over a month because they would not fund his stupid wall  .
 outage alert  najjera  kiwatule  kungu  kyanja  buwate and surrounding areas  we have a brief shutdown to safely r .
 me5ash  mattperdue  scottpresler .
 krissibex  guyincognito  303mp you hit the nail on the head   it s one person with one shotgun that just shutdown .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
wed 11th shaban 1440h    30c    6 30 pm fasting of last wednesday in lent 2019 amen    electric power restored after ful .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after a record level of stabbings in england and wales      a .
 katz in kop it says right here  its uta preschool on ross st  school apparently has other grades that were not shu .
in the news  small businesses still reel from the shutdown  zoholics wows austin crowd .
relatives of knife crime victims across the east mids have been protesting in  london      operation shutdown s calling .
 if this is what it takes     .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
pag eto ng shutdown ng wala paring chat puta edi wala hahahahahahaha.
some bhakts asked me what proof i had when i posted few weeks ago that jet airways is gone case now       now here is t .
co operative governance and traditional affairs minister zweli mhkize will today lead a group of government officia .
 cya original good evening  cya original the estimated time for completion of the shutdown is 19h00   gm.
.
wednesday  4 17 19  12 00pm  mlk   2nd street will be shutdown indefinitely due to a non injury accident involving .
 taradublinrocks  govchristie if  realdonaldtrump had the ability to persuade others  how do you explain the trump .
  hb2014  nowhiteguiltnwg  jengasamurai  stestringfellow what is needed is someone in the eu to mirror these videos .
louisianas clinic shutdown law would leave just one abortion provider to serve 10 000 women that seek abortion car .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for    .
friday shutdown   avenidaloungeke  turn up   partydj .
hashcat is causing unexpected windows shutdown after recent windowsupdates .
 chiapet33 sure but people are missing the point that the shutdown role on that team falls to me vlasic  not them.
 bjp4india yes more it will change all the airlines will shutdown and god only knows whether indian railways how it .
don t blame the present government please  it is because of the nehru regime in 1955   what a tragedy      jet airway .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
weve got a third line center who can play on any line 1 3  when needed   who can produce  play a matchup or shutdo .
from discover on google .
 jayinslee is west hills area in bremerton wa kitsapco built on toxic landfill navy dumps like norseland mobile estates that was shutdown .
 reprorights  ppact you mean murder kill shutdown  killing babies in the womb isnt a womens right  its murder  .
it s time to shutdown the southern border  amp  to shutdown all immigration for a few years until we can assimilate the .
 allenequincy  stivie82877615  hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria trump offered more judges and lawyers .
jet airways shutdown  value of jpmiles  secure and intact   says jet privilege  .
 chuckwoolery  republicisdead  gatewaypundit  teamcavuto was quick to shutdown bill donahue from the catholic leagu .
jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
your travel alternatives during metrorail station shutdown that begins memorial day weekend on blue and yellow line .
 theofficertatum  ilhanmn donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the uni .
the shutdown of  thecwhl shocked the hockey world  so what s next  what are the leaders in women s hockey going to .
they so mad i got the crane shutdown for 3 days.
 itsjameer  minajjyogirl man    .
 stankuba  theofficertatum  ilhanmn donald j  trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims enteri .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
patent office may be unable to outlast shutdown past february   bloomberg law .
 bdisgusting  wb evaluates the future of its dc universe streaming service   in other words  don t expect the stand .
 davidcorndc shutdown fox bullshit state run tv .
 tejasseth  dmuthuk suspended vs shutdown .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl what doe this sat      shutdown standoff continues as spending bill loses support in .
 khazelblossom voicelines in game yall about how reyes and jack have been disagreeing arguing about about their ap .
looks like  he is  tough ask for a 33 year old center to shutdown tavares  amp  marner  .
maximum praise and respect to those that stood and marched   operationshutdown .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
 lipstick pinup 30 is shutdown eb.
trump  shutdown   the border   and   democratic s need to go .
jet airways temporary shutdown v sad day for spenta  after 23 years no issue of jetwings on board on the 1st of the .
 lesleyabravanel  realdonaldtrump .
as we sit here in denver  essentially shutdown by the threat from one person with a gun  this is an interesting rea .
jet airways seeks 400cr emergency funding to avoid shutdown   .
jet airways temporarily shuts down all operations   .
i am really sad on the  jetairways shutdown     travelled on  spicejet after 12 years today  no comparision on servic .
this looks worse than a government shutdown    .
utterly saddened by the imminent shutdown of jet airways   good airline   good service      hope it resumes again under new management   .
all strong points       .
sad to hear about this temporary shutdown of jet airways  what about the plight of the employees .
why as twitter not verified  nairamarley          you guyz should better inform twitter that me i have  nomannerz     t .
 automatic crs eliminate the one penalty that can force compromise over appropriations bills  the threat that one p .
lots of local news is reporting swamp thing s shutdown  as well as below the line people like crystal reed s stand  .
 mcgnome as for the higher shutdown speeds  that s a cost benefit tradeoff  since really high speeds rarely occur  .
now that meeting is over  foye talks l train with reporter  repeats new plan avoids shutdown  reduces dust by 93 .
irs coping with first season under tax overhaul after shutdown  .
sad to hear about this  temporary shutdown  just think about the plight of  jetairways employees and  customers who .
did you hear trump backing off mexico border shutdown a big relief for us carmakers as auto sales tumble.
 johnreidy303 when i saw all the school closings this morning  i thought we had a freak storm overnight  i was very .
there needs to be a complete shutdown of albanian orthodoxy until we figure out what the heck is going on with this .
pharmacy departments inside 30 shoppers food locations will be closed  24 stores have been purchased by cvs  and th .
 ingrahamangle all they get done is vacation   i seem to recall over the holiday shutdown  which was of their doing .
 braddigan89  ahotmetss lie is a disaster some days     between ubers and trucks   lanes shutdown.
 drvox  pareene the man in washington arguably most responsible for prolonging the ordeal of the shutdown was now p .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates the exact same stuff he talked about on that s not me and .
 mike mkxpress  realdonaldtrump hippocrate  didn t see you complain about the democrats taking lobbyist payed vacat .
bell island ferry service is operating  but please note   weather conditions are deteriating high winds are gettin .
 kenyaairways lifts  temporary shutdown after  bomb scare   clears its flight kq 762 to depart for .
alex shutdown was  hijacked   mashaba   we will not be cajoled  anc   bashir moved to kobar prison   .
 lady star gem  hippie of love no not yet  a friend of mine has 5 children in the school district and they are stil .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates look how mental they are going  amp  this happens in nearly e .
 theplumlinegs  chrislhayes  benjysarlin  natesilver538  daveweigel perhaps the biggest dip was the government shut .
shutdown of the last operating chernobyl reactor  unit 3  took place in 2000 with a flip of the az 5 scram switch  .
jet airways temporarily shuts down all operations   .
jet airways seeks 400cr emergency funding to avoid shutdown   .
server down krn over access malah dibilang shutdown krn mau di hack  wkwkwkwwk dasar penikmat konspirasi .
 realdonaldtrump dems have been saying this is a manufactured crisis knowing it wasnt  democrats cut the amount .
 realdonaldtrump you must return from your little fantasy world where its ok to create a fake crisis and shutdown .
 ashokepandit shutdown of one of biggest airlines doesn t have any effect on economy    as per you  does economy co .
greek  banks will be affected by the european target2 payment system shutdown on april 19  22  limiting services to .
anti knife crime campaigners including bereaved parents blocked westminster bridge as they called for political act .
wouldnt be surprised if beyonce fans gets netflix shutdown today for high volume   imoneofthem.
are you still feeling the effects of the gov t shutdown and aren t sure where to turn for assistance  our 211 helpl .
 seanhannity michelle im sure youre still ashamed of what you and your husband have done to this nation  you both .
work is well underway for lhc long shutdown 2  here is an update from atlas  .
 peaceforchange and what about the other  two pilots       amp  what about airspace shutdown  for 1 month     you are a s .
so i have decided on a complete marvel shutdown till next wednesday  i am booked in to a double header infinity war .
satu atau dua  gua pilih empat  v    1   you has slain an enemy   2   shutdown  double kill   4   maniac    levia    ml .
ministry of civil aviation informed about tempory shutdown of jey airways  .
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge .
update 2 angola s crude oil exports to fall sharply in june on field shutdown   reuters africa   .
.
 kazweida my son s school had 3 lockdowns shutdown this year       to those who say they don t understand    it s easy .
the broader dynamic here is something that  ronbrownstein has written very smartly about        republicans will contin .
jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
       .
beledyeler shutdown .
it seems the democrats only care about vacations from what i recall they were on vacation during the government shu .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
 tonamiskynet  shutdown  p now.
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for    .
 stinky76021620  ivankatrump  cnn  chelseaclinton yet  trumps foundation is the one that was shutdown after an inv .
this colorado state wide shutdown is wild  .
 azula163  annie woodard  kyledcheney  medit8now  desideriodc really did he  i mean it couldn t have possibly been .
during a recent conversation in his office in juneau  17th district s commanding officer rear adm  matthew bell adm .
hoje eu vo dar um shutdown  s  f  t 00 quando chegar em casa.
anti knife crime campaigners shut down westminster bridge after spate of london stabbings .
 treyradel i agree that scrutiny should be given to every potential candidate  but i give a double take when the on .
 stoesseljosh  mattfwood  shannonrwatts i wondered about that  its crazy  theres maybe half the traffic on the ro .
shark news  outnumberedfnc april  predicted 100 000 illegals will cross our border  brought here by cartels   for   .
jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  by .
update  indias  jetairways suspends all operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
 ndhichimr have we ever had an alex shutdown under tau .
 darreljorstad  queerthoughts yep doing just great    .
 r34lb0rg  drphiltill yes  schiaparelli  of course it was not a  command from earth   but it was a situation not an .
our friends in  extinctionr ebellion are still occupying london      so we are leaving their .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates konnichiwa popped  godfather 1 popped  no  2  amp  no  8 resp .
 pmoindia  narendramodi  theofficialsbi  jayantsinha  sureshpprabhu     saveourjobs  savejetairways    dear all    please .
 lyin old realdonaldtrump  potusnot  0 01  speakerpelosi  repmarkmeadows  gopleader  senatemajldr .
a beautiful home grown brand caught in cross winds crash lands  sad     jetairways please fly again  .
 brianoverbraun just thought about the shutdown fullcast coming to waco and doing a live show at common grounds.
icymi  and the elk video  great smoky mountains campgrounds  facility openings delayed this spring due to shutdown .
 5tephhhh   igetbuckets21 yeah he did  and ik he can bounce back  all i was saying was kawaii dont get shutdown by .
just a little reminder of what a loony toon  realdonaldtrump is  we have to get him out of there now   .
.
 dray2arrogant  jt rw   lmao  ayyy lol yeah  they shutdown like my junior year.
mta releases new subway map to detail the l train s  partial shutdown  plan    .
 team bahab could be better timed  shutdown usually happens in january but the worst weather doesn t hit scotland u .
 milehighmez she flew here from florida  is a know crazy person  legally purchased a shotgun the day she came here .
 mmsporkmm  shannonrwatts  nra yes im a parent with a kid at a shutdown school cuz of this   thanks.
want to know what s been going on with the atlas experiment while the lhc is shutdown at  cern  then why not take a .
          jetairways  shutdown .
 5tephhhh   igetbuckets21 it doesnt  his skill set is what i mentioned about getting shutdown by pat bev  i hate when yall cant read.
i find it interesting that the government was able to identify this 18 year old psycho threatening colorado schools .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds   reuters .
nj  critics slam psegs notice of salem nuclear plant shutdown on eve of subsidy decision as hardball tactic  .
carrying my amp home 20 blocks last night seemed to be the last push before my body went into shutdown from a month .
yuma goes full shutdown to illegals  declares state of emergency as invasion has no end  .
 jaredlholt so write a story on  rightwingwatch and claim it s being done by the alt right    that s the way you guys .
failed beresheet moon landing due to technical malfunction    the failed lunar landing of th .
failed beresheet moon landing due to technical malfunction    the failed lunar landing of th .
ag policy matters  foodies check out  civileats coverage of the new ag census  women  latinx  farming   census dela .
 blairfalconer66 2 2 to line 2 to help offload some passengers in the event of a subway shutdown       finch e has the .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds   news .
wow a terrorist who didnt come across the border  not a muslim and not brown but has shutdown an entire cities sch .
one of deltas friends is gone  sadly   .
kenya airways flight to johannesburg cleared for take off as temporary shutdown lifted .
1523 11 10164 black ant down agri land grey to bottom divider of wall   small ba there and to down  tiny yellow ant .
 dannowicki  rafaelcarranza  azcentral trump has single handedly created the whole mess  republicans had full contr .
deportation order for girl  11  draws outrage   the deportation order has been attributed to a court error and the ch .
 zustrelaax  shukla tarun  jetairways zero   the total outstanding payemnt is now close to 10 000 cr and debt on re .
critics slam psegs notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision  .
 catholicleague shameful that christians are always being shutdown for expressing the reality of the constant attac .
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown               listen on spotify     .
delete your ex     shutdown your crush     format your past     reprogram your heart   and restart your life .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  rt.
 ctgallacher  dmarty77  yannikyriacos  deeaann0 luke will try to aggressively counter  and i don t think jon will g .
russia ready for global internet shutdown  can sustain its own web  mps .
 bc 1236  rstanleynhl  kmartel sports its a short series  they can manage  the problem is that to this point nsh h .
 tsn sports you got shutdown plain and simple.
shutdown update  driver reaction mixed across thecountry  .
 reddoor2000  jwhall  arifleischer  montemjn yes  let s do the clinton foundation  trump foundation is now shutdown .
real gdp in q1 2019 is likely to be 2 5   even with the government shutdown and all the fretting about trade wars  .
with the  lhc shutdown for 2 years  whats going on at the atlas experiment  check in with the teams at work underg .
 entergy offloads its  indian point nuke plant to a far less capitalized holding company  comprehensive decommissio .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify          .
one of the worst moments  when ur working on your pc and u have literally 30 pages windows opened and ur trying to .
    .
 dpsnewsnow has set the precedent that a single terrorist can shutdown society  .
baru kali ini lembaga survei yg muncul di tv diragukan  bahkan pihak  02 menandingi dgn real count versinya sendiri .
 xeni shutdown .
yes  kingfisher never recovered from the shutdown  .
proxy season 2019  more complexity  more uncertainty  more micromanaging  if you re a corp and securities geek  rea .
how once the torch bearer of successful private airline in  india  jetairways is in such a bad shape  jet airways t .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
 anupampkher  jetairways travel people via plane customer increasing but indian airline company running in loss  re .
 ironicfirefly you would think the party leader would have made him shutdown his social media and curtailed his tv .
india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds  .
hirap hirap buhayin nung phone ko nalaglag pa kagabi then boom shutdown.
government actions have caused the shutdown of two charities accused of distributing misleading appeals  follow the .
jet airways has announced a temporary shutdown from tonight due to working capital constraints  jet has assured tha .
i pray that every kid that plays for shutdown gets a free ride to college   i want to see all of them make it to th .
 extinctionr those idiots who glued themselves to the train should be sued for lost revenues by both the dlr and an .
  exclusive  business news   india s jet airways suspends operations after banks reject plea for emergency funds .
government shutdown  stepping up for your members   cuinsight   how can credit unions step up for their members    .
the alexandra total shutdown movement is set to meet an intergovernmental forum headed by co operative governance m .
the alexandra total shutdown movement is set to meet an intergovernmental forum headed by co operative governance m .
one woman has managed to shutdown all these schools in denver   via  nytimes.
 thenamecast  sahilkapur where is the policy roll out on that  ok lus not to mention all the down steam jobs  airpl .
ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss    youtube araclyla.
agora imaginem se um dia houver um shutdown na internet    mesmo que seja apenas por um dia   greves  theendoftheworld  apocalypse.
 sabrinacassiope tp kene tengok jugak dari segi long term career ye  tau kan on semiconductor tu nak lingkup dah  e .
how long is jets temporary shutdown gonna last for .
tirupur has shut down in last 3 years most of the i major units due to shutdown of its supporting ancillary units  .
 skynews  sadiqkhan nothin in the news about  operationshutdown  operationshut19 westminster bridge is shutdown wit .
what if a  government shutdown didn t leave your  aviation clients waiting in long lines at security  or air traffi .
 catastrfy i doubt it  might go to food pantry   neighbor s hub works for gov  was affected by shutdown  they went .
lawmakers introduce protections for federal employee health benefits ahead of future shutdowns   federal news netwo .
 jetairways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
jet airways suspends operations  a long battle for survival is heading towards the end game  capital in the markets .
well respected pollsters show deep effect during government shutdown  but no bounce up from barr report  .
we ve launched a dedicated  metroshutdown page w  transit options for your business located in  crystalcityva  .
seattle seahawks nfl draft retrospective   fansided             how does the seattle seahawks 20 .
 kindofdelirious peace  maybe try writing down a pros and cons list when you first get home while you re still some .
 .
so sad to know this    please bounce back   jetairways      jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the eco .
 iam davido alabama shutdown .
sonoma state issued a  boil water  notice to students early last week after a well pump failed in its water system       .
jet airways crisis  jet airways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds  report    jetairways .
talk about a total shutdown    .
this reminds me of  donaldtrump  who  shutdown the government because he didn t get funds for his phony  borderwall .
my free speech was totally shutdown .
 rpdbrodie  janbennett65  pawsomepensions security shutdown here  not a morsel worth stealing left out  just biding .
twitter coverage  mostly from yesterday  of denver schools then lockin  now shutdown        several denver area schools .
 randomphysics  ggmasterfunk  gopamericanmom i was never much of a fan of lee s  especially after his and cruz s 20 .
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 woes  via  twtravelnews.
 garuda501  thanos idn sementara suara belum 1     02 unggul     puncaknya tengah malam mereka giat menginjeksi .
american air sees hit to revenue gauge on 737  u s  shutdown  .
 rcat79  krld it is very sad    and it s not the only thing we re thinking about  but that hw shutdown affects thou .
 cofymars cr   backspace   delete delete delete   shutdown.
 shuvankr jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now       via the ec .
 miss snuffy  jeremycorbyn wants to shutdown free schools so he can manipulate the education system  he also has 2 low grade o levels.
 mmfa  benshapiro  washingtonpost your group of partisan liars should shutdown.
oxford circus shutdown end of day 2  extinctionr  oxfordcircus  internationalrebellion .
 akosikitchie  pinoymommy i would like to think na nagkataon lang na nagkasabay sabay ang shutdown ng mga generatio .
problemas con la hora en as    actualiza el runtime de java a 1 8 como mnimo       2019 04 17 10 59 10 023 info   org jb .
much drama amid elections  defying all popular opinion so far  of the  bjp4india government stepping in to bail .
 akaebube inec and the apc know the truth that atiku won like everyone of us but they will openly resist it by hook .
 stanzadivan  declineadcookie  primeashcole  wileyupdates but the issue isnt skepta making hip hop  praise da lord .
 lauraballard96  sandcfestival shutdown pending  can t wait    .
traffic alert      county highway 395 just north of  30a will be shutdown between w grove ave and e royal fern way un .
do we have     to burn in ms   didn t we just have another school district shutdown last week  i mean a consolidati .
house energy generation subcommittee hearing from dean murphy of the brattle group which put together a study  impa .
 jana khaye literal na shutdown aa naman walang kaalam alam.
mazbatay byle bi parody eliinde kutluyorum  mazbatageldi      havadaaaa laaaikkkliiiikkk koookuuusuuuuu vaaaarrr      e .
 angrierwhstaff it needs to shutdown  its destroying america  constant distortion  .
united coo hart outlines headwinds  ual faced in q1  fed govt shutdown  pakistani airspace closure  b39m grounding .
 timheuer  gprasadholla  openlivewriter  shanselman blogger changed their image upload api due to google  shutdown  .
certified mail to gov ron desantis who is another lawyer  amp  soldier hiding this us resource of earths healthiest spr .
flight kq 762 to jo burg from nbo is now scheduled to depart at 1930hrs  all passengers have been processed and the .
veterinarians cat caf shutdown over allegations of cat cruelty .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   dejected to see one of my preferred airlines in such a mess  .
hearing from my brother in the usmc stationed in colorado about this denver wide school shutdown caused by a columb .
hi everyone   the name is marc anthony carrasco       i use to have a twitter account until it got shutdown so im sta .
tangina nag shutdown pa phone ko e puta rank yun e  panalo na sana .
craig debolt here for action jackson with an i 85 south shutdown  truck fire  103 3 95 9 earth fm wrth .
 monmouthpoll  realdonaldtrump one interesting feature of trump s job approval scores is how they don t seem to ris .
 aoc  jarodtweettrash  repjayapal but if the government tries to manufacture the drugs what happens during a government shutdown  2 2.
in light of today s denver metro school shutdown  we ve added a storytime  join us at 10 30am  and again at 4pm for .
 tombrady  patriots sorry  unimpressed    belicheck is the guy if you ask me  he was the brains behind the parcells .
the fight between sind and pakistan doesn t seem to end  after sind cm is summoned by nab and profitable train and .
shutdown    .
unless govt tell the truth about climate change  social disruption will continue  without action  widespread social .
bazyb x marco the dj   birthday shutdown ft  riky rick       3 may   carfax   save the date      more info out soon   .
 monmouthpoll  realdonaldtrump though it doesn t show up as much in this poll  the government shutdown also took a .
 .
desks will be covered in the same color red as the red that represents the republicon parity        time for governemen .
 byron stine  whaleyvickie  speakerpelosi are you using pulling out for leverage  the president did that with our c .
 alex07443421  weeglmanz  andrewyang they need to compete by offering an attractive experience  not sure how  but .
despite strong financials  munoz says 1q19 was  not an easy quarter   citing the  737max grounding  gov t shutdown and weather .
due to the fbi manhunt  many parents throughout colorado are dealing with school closures  and employees with child .
regardez la raction de la police lorsquun manif a tout arrt au centre ville  londres     if this is what it ta .
thats ok  but what about my jp miles  why should i pay more for my travels now  who is responsible   jetairways .
 as for the joshua trees  land said  rangers could find just one that seemed to have sustained major damage in the .
this saturday      dallas  amp  fort worth    its white out season   join the mansfield  cedar hill alumni chapter of k .
to all the good meals on jet flights  adieu      .
it is a sad day in the history of indian aviation   the airlines served the country for years and had great reputat .
 cakemaestro042  ujamidaize  iam mhykie  chydymmarh  dr spex  jiggest   khenniee   stansbaby  itsmrkemji  bubee o c .
und deshalb auch mal shoutout an meinen longterm partner  skinbaronde einige schnapper wurden gefahren nach opskins .
jetzt amtlich  erdogan partei verliert istanbul  gut so  der shutdown von kanaken adolf hat .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
 badjamjam it s a few days before the shit hits the fan  he said he d proclaim the bill in the first hour    so som .
at this point since the banks are definitely going to take a haircut and we ll pay for it       govt  should just takeo .
 andrewfeinberg  lawrence  realdonaldtrump and during the shutdown when dems were going on vacations  trying to lea .
 breakingnews      news of     climateaction in london by  extinctionr reaches the us via  euronews       metro  shutdown for .
shutdown squad  we will play in a tournament this saturday only at jesuit college prep dallas tx   no tournament fo .
i shutdown so fast when im tired    so im fine fine fine to i hate everything and i want nothing to do with anyone.
 djsaviation admit it  the airline will go into administration  bankruptcy shutdown  as i post this .
jet airways to stop all operations   this will impact airfreight in and out india         india  airfreight  jetairways .
leicester shutdown  unafrikshow       saturday 04 05 19       get ur tickets now .
  marya k  wadem117 let s say that you allow  i don t know  20 shots at goal   15 on goal all game  with a reasonab .
 c00ldaddy26  sonnyblaq70  jimkilbane  realdonaldtrump not even a question that signifies a response  why did yours .
great smoky mountains campgrounds  facility openings delayed this spring due to shutdown  .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile what a joke  these news outlets need to be shutdown  they confus .
easter weekend travel chaos fears as drivers told  stay at home  .
beledyeler shutdown            .
 dbongino same as aoc   congress should suspend its own pay while govt is shutdown  did she do it  left hypocrisy  .
 googleplus is officially gone  you might think it doesn t matter  but it s death offers some important social medi .
 ingrahamangle let s face it they wouldn t come back to end the shutdown  may potus should have gone to hawaii.
q  shutdown was already called on this object or the object that owns it  when that pops what do you see    a  i ge .
 iam davido touchdown to shutdown.
the entire denver metro school system is shutdown and parents are dealing with how to explain this to their kids be .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl the article is about the budget  the quote says mcconnell would not get 60 votes to .
this weeks  eastlondonenquirer front page  operation shutdown  bereaved mum talks about her sons death  .
 hassan iqbal 96  wileyupdates that was  16   amp  songs since then none were that s not me shutdown  stormzy didnt hav .
 78  of americans live paycheck to paycheck  including many government workers affected by the shutdown     breaking.
schools  hundreds of schools are shutdown  thousands of students are affected  she s armed  yes she  she s 18  her .
 arifleischer  donaldjtrumpjr ummmm hey  so the family who actually ran a fraudulent charity probably shouldn t go .
terrible  painful shutdown of  jetairways  travellers and employees didnt deserve this  govt stays away in the pol .
 statswithkate good shutdown hockey is boring  kate .
 wadem117 may i suggest they play some good shutdown hockey instead .
centrus part 5  the dirty shutdown of the paducah plant .
 operationshutdown have shutdown westminster bridge      our bridge   our children   our streets       .
highway patrol says theyre doing all the can and working as fast as they can to get traffic back moving  right now .
ngo mvulo yangibamba i  shutdown yekwagga bengayokbawa amalalo emzini  cabanga ngisuke e polokwane ngiyostaka emtet .
curtains have fallen for  jetairways   26 years after it was introduced to domestic and international routes      las .
 hidefpanda i was in div 6 at 217 i shutdown last night and patch must have brought me back down   all good still grinding.
our india is growing under  narendramodi govt   bsnl   hal    postoffice everything now going to tupp  and modiji i .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
 india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request sources  by reuters via nyt .
 bestinflightldj  sethabramson possible  but i think most of them have already bet everything on trumpism  anti dem .
 realdonaldtrump rerun from the shutdown    snooze.
 lt an 18 year old with a shotgun has virtually shutdown the front range of colorado gt .
 pmandbmom  amboybicker  hillaryclinton  leahgreenb  ezralevin  indivisibleteam  onwardtogether  ayannapressley it .
with such a small sample size  137 min of 5v5  and a truly remarkable offensive effort by dal in game three  this s .
 barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  lauriebriggs11  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
troubled carrier jetairwayshas decided to temporarily suspend all flights from tonight  with no cash to run opera .
 realdonaldtrump why dont you advertise how you negatively affected many working class people with your shutdown s .
so  jetairways shutdown      jetairways  sureshpprabhu.
see folx media wondering if  petebuttigieg sodom and gomorrah  heckler shutdown was prepared as if a manufactured .
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request  sources  .
one thing that  jetairways has always followed is   not following the rat race  .
no  timryan you failed  look at shutdown gm in your own backyard   .
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request   sources .
o zaman  beledyieler shutdown  .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump shaking in your gucci shoes jr  dems sdny doj  amp  who knows how many others are look .
not even given an oxygen mask       pilots  crew  staff need to be paid out         jetairwayscrisis     jetairways shutdow .
nagarparkar residents plan shutdown over persisting water shortage     nagarparkarneedswater     dawn courage .
 lmao  ayyy they shutdown .
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject    .
just in   delta partner  jetairways collapses  cancels all flights worldwide causing passengers to scramble  .
 premtwt it was a media shutdown on that day  chumma nai adi pei adi after looking at the score card .
 jetairways is going to shutdown tonight  last flight at 10 30pm    read at   .
belediyeler shutdown     mazbatageldi.
 gasbuddydan not a shutdown       a repurposing      more oil    less gas      piss off horgan  premier kenney will do what .
rip full .
the san antonio commanders  front office feels it was  misled  in the wake of the aaf s unexpected shutdown        we t .
sad to see   jetairways finally out of money  suspending all flights  add them to the growing list of recent failed .
8 people hurt in alligator alley crash  northbound lanes shutdown   apr 17   10 01 am et  .
 jetairways shutdown  .
 tfas trustee frank donatelli explains trump s approval ratings in  newsweek     .
shout outs to  superwozzy wg and whole wavy gang for the platform i m grateful   thankful      slic19 was a blast .
i wanna know why niggas mad at  gameofthrones twitter meanwhile if beyonce poot it should warrant a govt shutdown.
the main library at goodwood will close early at 6 p m  today only  due to a scheduled power shutdown by entergy as .
imagine if chicago shutdown everytime some idiot livestreamed themselves with a gun threating to shoot people .
lots of discussion on how the planned  wmata 100 day shutdown will impact folks traveling to  reagan airport.
india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request   sources .
this new subway map shows how the mta plans to work around the impending l train shutdown on nights and weekends  .
clean shutdown  .
jet airways suspends all operations from tonight     .
 geoffthorne  realcandaceo  robsmithonline liberal hate at its finest right here     and of course if this was aga .
update for all and any who are interested  i go to school at the university of denver  in colorado  there has been .
 tornadosis06  kristatheyoung1 unfortunately that s least likely  most likely the country will split into several p .
shutdown        .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
somehow the news of jet s miseries makes me really really sad  like  bhogleharsha  we all wish that it shall come o .
denver and surrounding school are shutdown because a woman has traveled from miami to denver with threats of carryi .
it is great to see that india is eventually marching towards real capitalism than until yet stigmatised capitalism .
 monumentlib  theblaze i dont see the problem a christian university that has a vp that is also a christian to spe .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   the economic times .
 tayroyc paano un nagchacharge sya pero shutdown pa din.
 azuresupport hi  since yesterday the e mail alerts are send with delay of couple of hours    ex       notification for .
otak tengah shutdown ni.
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london  via  youtube.
my own hometown of boston  who police shutdown an entire town to find the muslims who bombed us is now dumping our .
no matter what i thought of naresh goyal  its a sad day  the shutdown of jet airways hurts  thousands of workers u .
the last chevy cruze made in lordstown is up for auction  with proceeds benefiting the united way of youngstown .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
 faizanawan1234  spectatorindex 20 days complete shutdown of oak airlines after india did an airstrike  bheekmango .
 india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request sources  by reuters via  nyt .
 nickrickles  goldenknights lol  nice  could never be a knights fan  would have to go different division  what s to .
 rachaelvenables  extinctionr  lbc shutdown is a pretty strong word .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight  via  economictimes.
historically speaking  if my memory serves me well   no indian airline has ever restarted operations after a tempo .
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   environment   the guar .
lenders to india s jet airways have refused to bail out the carrier  forcing the nations oldest surviving private .
 ndavamaningi  cdesetfree politically   the two main protagonists have been at each other s throats  and the politi .
 aigkenham  muslim parents in the uk pulled hundreds of children out of school  forcing a shutdown of recently impl .
 bjp4india  incindia  narendramodi if jet airways shutdown  questions will be raised on many accounts  it will be t .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   .
 raj samani  esdaniel true  the numbers are based on the cases that coveware covered  i can imagine that there is a .
personally feel  thevijaymallya didnt do anything wrong  he was running kfa when crude was  140  jet airways to su .
this line is unreal  its so long  longer than it was when the government shutdown was going on.
.
 several denver area schools   call it what it is  nearly the entire front range k 12 education system is shutdown .
and there it comes the temporary shutdown  jetairwayscrisis  awaazmarkets .
 india s jet airways to suspend operations after banks reject funding request sources  by reuters via nyt .
 narendramodi if jet airways shutdown  questions will be raised on many accounts  it will be tough for bjp to explain  .
at last  news piece reflects reality on the ground at  extinctionrebellion businessmen  amp  lorry drivers disliking th .
fab video from the  extinctionrebellion protests in london from the guardian .
this is a sad moment for indian aviation   jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  .
 vinodkapri sir  my friend s internet cafe also shutdown  he s defaulted on his loan  amp  lenders not showing any merc .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   .
 cugoose ya  i can only imagine the fear that gives you and other parents  would definitely rather than frustration .
 benibble  cryptosporideum  realdonaldtrump who voted to shutdown  class dismissed .
 tsamspeedy  krassenstein  hillreporter government shutdown aside  what actual accomplishments have they made       the .
found out this was the pic that got my first insta shutdown because it just got immediately taken down for violatin .
beledyeler shutdown   mazbatageldi.
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes  .
people are so ready for this .
 sugataghoshet  sanam et  jetairways it doesnt make sense to put in more money till you get to know how much amoun .
 baba9773 it might  still a bit worried of the impact of the government shutdown since gov spending is added to gdp .
 adamsinger i cried when geocities shutdown    so theres that lol.
may 5th  1993  first jet airways flight       april 17th  2019  jet airways announces temporary shutdown        26years .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight   its sad that no one could intervene on time to save what was .
 pookiepack .
67   1 5w.
 mrrodtaylor 1k.
please remember there was one of the longest shut downs ever between the time that the democrats took over congress .
after dream market announces shutdown  ransomware distributors turn to google ads  .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now .
 bestbirbmedivh     i mean have peeps even thought about whatll happen the day the servers are finally shutdown    .
extinction rebellion  shutdown  london .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm .
who will now take  suomoto notice  when we the employees of  ucgprojectthar  tharcoal  block05  thar  sindh were on .
 pmoindia  sir i am small travel agent and do ticketing on jetairways directly as i am iata agent   my payment gate .
the latest update from the shutdown at south campus  .
stocks to buy for the next government shutdown   consumergoods  dea  epr .
  jetairways  you ll be missed  has always been my first choice       ref     jet airways to temporarily suspend operatio .
 narendramodi sir i am small travel agent and do ticketing on jetairways directly as i am iata agent   my payment g .
jet airways seeks emergency funding to stave off shutdown  .
  drebaker1 was banging out 300 push ups a day when he was still in grade school     .
 clover1292  bretbaier  joenbc  specialreport i guess its a lie that fat donnies charity is shutdown  him and his .
anybody besides me notice  realdonaldtrump donald trump dropped pencil neck when twitter responded with vagina n .
london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown    if this is what it takes  .
fact trump backing off mexico border shutdown a big relief for us carmakers as auto sales tumble.
help reduce our energy use by turning off electrical equipment  where this can safely be done  during the easter .
 realdonaldtrump are you still missing your vacation from your latest government shutdown  .
 roxanne nm  formerdemocrat2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  abc but still she was was going while a shutdown was in e .
jet airways to temporarily suspend operations after banks reject    .
bazy b x marco the dj   birthday shutdown ft  riky rick       3 may   carfax   save the date   carfax newtown .
 avengingliberal  ironboomerstl what i do know is not to accept blanket statements from liberals as fact       most bil .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now   .
 realdonaldtrump is this a re tweet from christmas shutdown sir .
 stephen taylor he has no plan    he is a fucking blowhard  like ford       organised  conservatism  is now explicitly .
 roxanne nm  formerdemocrat2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  abc a shutdown he avoided once to appease the democrats a .
 jetairways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now       via the economic tim .
jet airways to suspend all operations from tonight .
a few have grudges and many have love  a shutdown can impact many lives     lets be better humans and save lives .
local bhangra community  apnavirsaslough shutdown  tesco with a bhangra flash mob celebrating vaisakhi    .
loving the reports from london  and around the world  this week    if this is what it takes   london reacts to the .
critics slam pseg s notice of nuclear shutdown on eve of subsidy decision    .
 grazvegas80 exactly     i m thinking this may be the precursor to death or a complete mental shutdown  at the very least .
 hockeyandsex  roxanne nm  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump a shutdown that needed to happen because congress is highly i .
 lrihendry  cvpayne  pscully1812 hows trumps charity doing  oh its shutdown  and the family  including fat donnie .
flying  jetairways was always a delightful experience  i hope they bounce back soon       jet airways to shut operation .
 jetairways make sure you have enough fuel in the aircraft   your last should not be last for the people on your fl .
well  i ll just shutdown .
it services shutdown during the york flood in 2015  this  proca paper looks at the economic impact of the shutdown .
 charliekirk11 what ever happened to trumps charity foundation   oh yeah  thats right    shutdown .
another airline bites the dust       till the time the cost structure of running airlines is not brought down or anti c .
 cvpayne we only like presidents and their children who have their charity shutdown  and are banned from serving o .
the airline is saying that this is a  temporary suspension of all operations   however  what is failing to be menti .
  jetairways to  shut  operations  today   lastflight at 10 30 pm    .
shutdown    .
it s two days past tax day and i got my federal return one month ago  but still waiting on state  was it the federa .
  jetairwayscrisis.
 if this is what it takes   london reacts to the extinction rebellion  shutdown   video   .
sad demise of my favourite  airlines    jetairways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  .
i know the reason why i came over was to be a shutdown guy  and i havent been shutting it down       starling marte .
      shutdown.
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown acrossuk  .
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown acrossuk  .
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown acrossuk  .
russia teaches the world about independence and sustainability  has its own internet in case of global internet sh .
 hockeyandsex  formerdemocrat2  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump a shutdown he called right before christmas  and she did .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now  via  economictimes.
jet airways to temporarily suspend operations after banks reject funding request  sources .
 septa social  septa been over 30 minutes at tasker morris  about 5 southbound trains have gone by and one empty shutdown northbound train .
 owillis its between this and the one with gamers for internet shutdown of the day .
  igetbuckets21  5tephhhh i see youre confusing the team with the most wins a season in nba history plus kevin dur .
proof goes my jet privilege platinum membership        s5x5 .
some loser bitch flew from florida to denver  bout shotguns and ammo  and has every single jeffco school shutdown today  people are crazy.
have you shutdown all oil exports thru bc yet  what are you waiting for  you promised     jkenney how shipping less .
there you d need tech  do u really think it s about the wall with trump   before   during the trump shutdown  dems as .
crosby s stat line from the series his team just lost  it s a game changer when he gets shutdown   nyislanders  lgi .
bazy b x marco the dj birthday shutdown   ft  riky rick   save the date 3 may   carfax newtown .
jet airways to temporarily suspend ops after banks reject funding request   sources .
ang perfect na ng lahat sa isip ko pero pag isusulat ko na sya parang biglang nagsha shutdown yung mga brain cells ko huhuhuhuhu   .
hurriyat conference chairman  syed ali shah geelani urged people for complete election boycott and shutdown for tom .
bazy b x marco the dj birthday shutdown   ft  riky rick   save the date 3 may   carfax newtown .
havada laiklik kokusus var  ek ram   beledyeler shutdown  trap dss  .
.
 smartone2000  tictoctick great point  if they shutdown the sub business  the markets would lack dumb retail money  .
we are closed today 04 17 due to the denver wide school shutdownapologies for the inconvenience .
 realdonaldtrump wrong  amp  lie       facts      trump  amp   gop got nothing done on immigration over last 2yrs when they contr .
dream market staff comment on the market shutdown   .
operation shutdown outside downing street ricky haydens mum speaks to the crowds  never be forgotten .
 advchaser  amyrose77253769 there s no credible evidence to blame islamists on the  notredamecathedralfire       noneth .
operation shutdown happening now in downing street  operationshut19 .
operation shutdown outside downing street  operationshut19 .
 political tool  bashirmohamed there will be no  economic recovery   they will say its because of notley s ndp that .
shut operating    .
james paxton shutdown the red sox last night  in what is his best start as a member of the yankees   pinstripepride .
furthermore  the call for zero emissions by 2025 is massively unrealistic  this would only be possible with the com .
 askmenfess force shutdown.
operation shutdown happening now  let their voices be heard  operationshut19 .
.
united airlines  profit doubles despite shutdown  737 max woes .
i mma find this bitch and block her  right quick  toxic bitch   via  boredpanda.
out now    new music by jrs3 music llc     shutdown    listen on spotify     .
 rnaianalyst there was the government shutdown though  no .
 antiknifeuk2019 do you know what operation shutdown is .
sad end of  jetairways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now .
two days before it learns whether its nuclear plants will win lucrative subsidies  pseg nuclear filed notices with .
jkia temporarily shutdown after a commotion on a kenya airways flight destined to johannesburg over fake bomb alarm .
  metrotrains  ptv official  metrotunnelvic   when will you be providing info about the planned shutdown of the san .
update  a crash has sr 528 wb shutdown at dallas blvd  alt  sr 520 to sr 50  orlandotraffic.
 who    am   i  listrik mahal mending di shutdown bentar .
jet airways to temporarily suspend operations after banks reject funding request .
sad reality   jetairways .
really really sad to see this one going down   jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et n .
 realdonaldtrump just dont count the carrier employees or the gm employees  or the women  or lgbtq  or the governm .
this b has been one minute away 3 minutes now  where are your trains  why are you not running a subway service  wha .
 trump2020ak  tokenwhitedude  walshfreedom there was a settlement   .
 cxlibri he is about to flash out q w 4th shot and shutdown camille      with style.
oxford st  shutdown  day 3  extinctionrebellion  climatechange .
 friskiefeline  supportourlefty it s like with illegal downloading  one site gets shutdown another 3 are there to t .
 .
a view from the front of the fire that has shutdown flatbush avenue at e  45th street in  brooklyn  massive  fdny r .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now   .
 realdonaldtrump dont forget the democrats took vacation during the shutdown  they dont care .
4days na mag shutdown ang system ng tm  globe  smart  tnt  sun  bwenas na lng sa mga may stock pang load sa mga store .
 trump2020ak  tokenwhitedude  walshfreedom .
why do i know this person s face  i swear i ve seen the photo on the left online before      long before she prompted .
 zstoltenburg  realdonaldtrump also  if all of this indirect money is going to be coming in  why was the government shutdown for 35 days .
today is a day of shutdown and dissociative episodes    i ve managed to drive myself to therapy and back  cook myse .
 jetairways is this true        got a flight on friday and tuesday  concerned        .
with  jetairways possibly closing down operations tonight many of its service providers also may lose the money tha .
too much    i just put my pyjamas on and hopped deep under my blankets  my body has officially shutdown  .
jet airways to shut operations today  last flight at 10 30 pm  et now  via  economictimes.
i want a shutdown bullpen as much as anybody  but theres a reason none of us twitter gms are actual gms   chopon.
 boogiepopprobin  peta owes that family far more than  49 000  they should have been sued into shutdown considering .
men that carry the entire relationship on their backs are trying  it s like walking around glass  you cant tell her .
out now       new music by jrs3 music llc         shutdown    listen on spotify    .
check out the movesonly delta ms shutdown shows  never ever perform before or after her  she ll show you fl .
one of the reasons for poor performance  the company said was the temporary government shutdown   really   sounds l .
this is as much a commentary on the absence of  incentives to utilize ibc  as it is on lenders  in a post ibc time  .
 realdonaldtrump poppycock golfing king remember the government shutdown 800 000 american jobs people suffered whil .
              jetairways   shutdown      .
near shutdown of  jetairways is heart breaking  mismanagement by executives has cost hard working employees dearly  .
 realdonaldtrump on vacation again   damn they all went on vacation while govt was shutdown   that was only a coupl .
jet airways saga carries on indian corporate governance banks kyc in question      whats at stake for other airlines .
 .
 varailxpress why is service so consistently slow recently  it seems like there is some new problem every day  what .
 cpimspeak yes    give  to communist and shutdown the industries on the name of unions   communist    6  .
shutdown pre kala ko madaling araw na hahahahaha.
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch maybe you should shutdown the fbi.
 equifax  corrupt  betrayal  liars  untrustworthy  leakers  databreachers  collusion  shutdown  equifax.
 rosactrl  channingwalton  vamchale  .
 suntimes leave it to  aldpatdowell3rd to continuously shutdown projects that encourage growth and sustainable tran .
 pjwfoster  .
business news         kolkata s shutdown shutdown    .
 cnbctv18exclusive banks turn down  jetairways request to infuse rs 400 cr into airline  say there s no visibility .
 malaahmed2  kthopkins youve just been shutdown from someone with a different agenda to yours .
winky d  jah prayzah to shutdown zift .
system is shutdown.
 .
if you re traveling either direction on sh 6 near osr  be careful  the road is shutdown heading north and south    .
ask the underwriter  how will the government shutdown affect borrowers seeking a mortgage        expert commentary  by .
 pverheij  klm .
 faisalkahmed  tim cook  .
surely the systematic shutdown of the entire planet and ecosystem merits an explanation  without being interrupted  .
 callebautgrgory  applesupport  apple  pjwfoster  .
 arohaph97 di ko nga napansin eh hahahahaahah literal na shutdown yiiee astro yan ih.
motorists warned to stay home on good friday ahead of rail shutdown    .
o meu corpo e a minha mente to a dar shutdown.
 tj johnson 4all  wmata not only can an incident like this shutdown an entire line  it can also bring the entire sy .
columbia housing authority spent  756k on food  hotel expenses related to allen benedict court shutdown .
 miafarrow  realdonaldtrump the wall is happening and trump is doing what obama didnt do .
 mikehun19107664  whatsupfranks  realsaavedra  benshapiro ugh   you 2 are so bad on econ  and actual history we wer .
 palmerreport  ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your country       john f  kennedy .
 zachfromithaca  patdixon  anncoulter idk what people want  gimme money for the wall  congress  no     okay nationa .
how many other crimes has trump committed since stealing the presidency  he knows he is likely to go to prison when .
 charliekirk11 the dossier was put out by a group first contracted by the gop      there was no spying on trump  its c .
 byebyeobama1  hillaryclinton i don t care about hillary  she is a has been     she will be dead before anyone can la .
 rskovach don t agree with impeach trump    but agree that french money goes to the choice of the donator of the fu .
 urbanachievr shocking  remember when pul gigot at wsj killled a story on trump s mob ties  causing writers to resi .
 ilhanmn why  president trump is the best president this country has had in a very long time  start doing your job  .
 bri mariex0 that don t matter    if i were to be like  we need to build a wall right now   donald trump    you wou .
nothing funnier than yall thinking trump gon get the mexicans to build a wall to keep them out when they arent the problem .
 jackposobiec so they think trump is putin influenced  yet he strengthens our military and builds a wall at our border .
 peterbakernyt  nytimes  maggienyt i think peter baker your nuts you need mental help    i didnt vote for the presid .
 stevenbeschloss nancy pelosi and the democratic leadership needs to realize this is a constitutional crisis   trum .
 gregabbott tx and trumps wall would do nothing but divert resources from preventing that very thing .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  seanhannity mr hannity  every person who gets too close gets burned so i m sure yo .
 karmaal2010  lonnydalebush  anncoulter she called trump a jerk for not getting the wall built   there are a thousa .
this old white guy comes into my work and we start talking politics  hes talking about trump and this white lady o .
 repmarkmeadows weunprecedented desperation from spineless wimpy grus  going all outabout conspiracy  deleting ev .
coulter is so bitter bc trump didn t get the wall funding in his 1st year  she knows ryan  amp  mcconnell worked agains .
 schmueldavid  evanpcarlson  tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle  jack  foxnews fuck trump    the treasonous ba .
i m with president trump  congress must support national security and fund the wall .
 jsawyer1950 i see your point  but i look to numbers from midterms  when trump  amp  his wall caravan nonsense had the .
 schmueldavid    fuck you fyck trump the  treasonous bastard who  failed to report to fbi that russia was trying mess .
 fbspecial shes clearly listened to the hills of donegal and got concerned about the mentions of donald trump and building a wall .
international students   make jokes about trump and the wall        me  .
mrs  leblanc retired at the right time  imagine her heartbreak if she had to put trump on her wall of presidents .
 funder  thedemcoalition damn   just think how much fence  i mean wall  that  100 million would have funded       trump .
 sc deplorable26  marklevinshow  foxnews  seanhannity let s throw the mother fucker over the wall and banish him fr .
trump said at least the wall will have ramps  .
feds seize 425 pounds of meth at texas border build the trump wall now  .
trump isnt just cutting the education budget  he wants schools to pay for the wall    2014ortoy .
 natashabertrand i knew at that moment when sen burr said  we hit a wall in the steele dossier   he was following i .
 smiles4lot  subtronics youre obviously too stupid to understand how it works  stay triggered bro   and enjoy tru .
waste of time to interview barr  he s a stone wall like trump  no point     interview mueller     times a wastin   camp .
 doghollowsanct  dlroberts8  jonbowzerbauman  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn the person who loves dogs   we get you hate .
 nrcc how about spend our money instead at ports of entry  where crime element actually comes in   amp  help agents wit .
 cernovich because her passion for the wall makes perfect sense in a world of socialism    this is what happens when .
donald trump   amp  his base of corrupt gop s victory lap is over  he is now hiding behind his mar a lago wall for a ve .
our presidents loyalty should be with the u s  not with france  instead of sending money to repair the notre dame .
sarah translation   trump is god  everything is normal  no chaos  trump never lies  msm is fake news  this is a wit .
 ivankatrump if president trump had only stopped giving us tax dollars to the plo  dayenu   if president trump had on .
 kerrijersey  fix dan  walshfreedom  shnydaone if trump loses  open borders  late term abortion and socialism will .
 judywoodruff yeah  we get it    not to be lost on ppl    trump pence regime is fascist    is building a wall   keeps kids .
 senfeinstein i am a 79 year old female   i used to be a democrat and voted for obama the first time   then i saw t .
 tribelaw after the 1st pass through m s report i felt sure trump would go straight to the  whitehouse to pack then .
 ewarren trump building a wall   locking up crocked democratic socialists .
 repadamschiff first of all u are a liar stating u had proof of collusion  amp  u need to apologize to trump  amp  second m .
 thehill  gatewaypundit  kellyannepolls prediction  1   realdonaldtrump will be reelected guaranteed 2  he will not .
this is going to get expensive  oh well  let s just increase the taxes to build the wall  wait  crap  trump already .
 abc mueller left it open because he knew the democrats would nail his ass to the wall and ruin his life       now if m .
trump s quote should be placed on every wall of his property for all to see and point  amp  laugh at  .
 franklin graham  potus praying for our president i want the wall built   they need to let this go and work with president trump  .
 gatewaypundit  aoc prediction  1   realdonaldtrump will not be impeached  the majority of voters don t want it and .
 seanhannity  jaysekulow  presssec  devinnunes  greggjarrett  saracarterdc  marklevinshow you will have a wall to w .
a team of journalists at the wall street journal won in the national reporting category for coverage of payments to .
 patti12471  trumpwarroom  gopchairwoman mueller s role is largely a mystery to me  in the end  i think he could se .
 sentoomey  govwaste have you forgotten about the deficit that trump is passing on to our children and grandchildre .
 sami jaye if trump disappointing you turns you into a socialist supporting nincompoop  then your conservative conv .
the very first step is to impeach william p barr  he lied to us in 1989 and again today  next go after everyone tha .
pentagon announcement may have just delivered 2020 to trump  wall construction to be finished oct 2020 .
no one of any political importance substance dare show their lackluster support for idiot trump  because he is guil .
 trump nhl if these canadian teams keep losing you wont need a wall sir.
 renato mariotti calling manafort  amp  cohen   amp  probably stone  amp  corsi  amp  others  while theyre under indictment  assur .
 thedenise85  acosta i support politicians based on facts policies  4 the current political env  trump is the right .
 realdonaldtrump trump is awesome wish he was the prime minister of the uk this country is fucked  no other preside .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
 khayhoe very helpful thank you  i do also feel though that the trump build a wall gofundme blew up all over social .
wall street executives combing through robert muellers report will notice the name of one of their own .
 gretcheninok i agree  when trump was a candidate she would get moist at the mention of his name and now she has tu .
 sparrow0999 agree with all of these except rand he voted against trump with the wall funding because he didnt wan .
  with the floods in the midwest  fema was hindered by trump when he cut the fema budget by  10 million and redirec .
nothing to impeach on     obama was the one that knew russia was destroying the election   vote  trump back in to s .
 iamthe1110  nofascistlies and be prepared months before  to be out of the country for a bit to see what happens un .
disgusting liberal wall hypocrites with  hate  trump agenda would rather screw than protect the american people by allowing open borders .
 bbcnewsbeat ohhh nooo     is trump s fault because he called bangladesh a sh thole hahahaha  that s why we need a .
the inspirational inscription on the wall of the future donald j  trump presidential library s very popular covfefe .
 stephenspeaksup  repadamschiff she was there explaining that how and why julian assange picked up hillarys emails .
you wont believe what wall street thinks about trumps re election chances      .
 realdonaldtrump truly fake thinker opinion writer  kimstrassel is without question one of the most embarrassing as .
the game is on   in fact the citadel has proof of trumps corruptions and baboon incest  the dothraki amp wildings ar .
 ilhanmn damn trump is gonna have to build a wall after that sick burn .
 gop  lizrnc yea except we know there in fact was   also thats trump change compared to all of donalds trips an .
 elizashapiro the same white liberals who live in million dollar brownstones and disdain trump and his wall are not .
 letitrip keep up the good work trump and build my wall .
 contrer erica maybe we should build a wall and streamline legal immigration to make it easier for them to come ove .
 realjack she is a one dimensional thinker   bernie sanders would have open borders and get rid of ice   her hatred .
i hope when trump build the wall he capture a few niggas too  send yall asses off .
if one channel didn t work  russian officials tried another  they connected to trump s campaign and inner circle th .
kim jong un to visit putin as ties with u s  fray   the wall street journal   once again  how much more do we the p .
if the liberal media hates trumps wall so much why do they put up paywalls .
397  what america needed was a media that would do the hard work of painting a picture of how trump became a compro .
mueller needs to testify  along with every person involved in the investigation  congress needs to hold their ass t .
no trump wall on native american lands  sign this petition now   noborderwall  tohonooodham .
 breitbartnews  angelique1960  kellyannepolls love our potus putting all we can into trump 2020  build the wall and protect america .
donald trump jokes  erection of the wall .
 jannardmarc what i d give to be a fly on the wall .
 elizabethaford  joncoopertweets  realdonaldtrump i was discussing this theory the other night   trump thinks he is .
 joycewhitevance trump won t get rid of her for lying  like trump she ll  toss anything on the wall to see what sti .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  washington reacts to the mueller report  a closer look  tyranttrump  wrapping up    windin .
si tom hanks spielberg hicieron una pelicula a favor del washpost      esta claro que a trump no lo bancan los republ .
 realjack she s gone insane  i thought her issue with trump was the wall not getting built right away  bernie s going to build the wall .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 fempop  hispaniccaucus it always breaks my heart to see hispanic people giving loyalty to a party that could care .
 footbaii hq who organised the wall  donald trump .
i d give a dollar to be a fly on their wall tonight    george  mr  kellyanne  conway  gtconway3d writes a  savage  .
deputy press secretary hogan gidley lies about lying  saying trump is keeping his promise to  build the wall   wall .
cbc took a break from its wall to wall coverage of trump to remind viewers that it is important to continue taxpaye .
laura ingraham is so off the wall on the mueller report  in her bass drone voice she accuses the left of twisting .
 benshapiro wants a wall for israel but not for america  and thinks trump is a criminal   figure it out folks  .
 maggienyt youre just noticing this now     its the mitch mcconnell presidency   he gets what he wants  tax cuts  .
 jrubinblogger maam  turns out trump was innocent  democrats made poor choices  the press made poor choices  maybe .
reading argumentative essays from my classmates talking about how the trump wall is bad and half of their arguments .
 alyssa milano really in all seriousness  what it changes is everything   potus trump gets another term  4years   a .
donald trump   the beast  rfid chip  the wall is the robots  keeping you     via  youtube.
donald trump   the beast  rfid chip  the wall is the robots  keeping you in  calm before the storm  .
 newsday do they treat trump derangement syndrome        there are a few million off the wall democrat socialists who r .
 undiscipline i think that if republicans see the writing on the wall ala 1974 and nixon  theyll subtly push him o .
 hanksmom44  davidwohl  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson it always makes me laugh when trump is now saying the new tr .
 tomilahren you know what else is a complete disgrace  a waste of time and a huge disservice to the american people  trump s wall .
 sanjuanbill70  vickilr52  i  love trump he completely punked ryan  hahaha  no  if i were him id frame it and hang .
fdr  we have nothing to fear but fear itself       kennedy  ask not what your country can do for you  but what you can .
 davecoo77429324  fakemalfunction  davidwohl  realdonaldtrump exactly    trump is a result of people throwing anyth .
 phillygirl741  ardeophyte  marthamaccallum  richardgrenell  thestoryfnc if trump spoke to a woman that way he woul .
building the wall through the new governor of the president .
 ivanomartin  lizmair i think they want a divorce and they are having a contest for the assets  if kellyanne goes t .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters mueller s report appears to me to conclude that mr trump was not criminally respons .
 rickrosa10  edkrassen  aoc  rashidatlaib trump still wont be getting his military parade and his stupid wall  .
true  impeachment may put them up against a wall and force them to take a postion for or against trump don t get me .
the  wall  is proof that trump is the kind of person who cannot think abstractly and must concretize every metaphor .
wall street executives combing through robert muellers report will notice the name of one of their own .
 aoc i pray to god the great president donald trump wins in 2020 and constitutionalists conservatives win back the .
oh  and a wall of black boxes rose up to greet me as i arrived at the section on the trump campaign s interest in w .
trump should have ran as a democrat  maybe we would have got the wall .
great  nutshots to the establishment in 2018        jeff sessions fired for not aligning with trump    cbd legalized nati .
mueller disappoints and startles at the same time  it s a clarion call to congress for action    dems btwn a rock  amp  a .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson wassup punk trump please dont build dat freakin wall .
i d love to be a fly on the wall when donald trump realizes traitor totwho was wasn t indicting for conspiring wit .
majority of wall street pan trump fed choices stephen moore and herman cain  cnbc survey   .
 chickeninblack sounds like maybe trump should build his wall around your place  and we are doing fine   getting re .
 aiiamericangiri  foxnews mcconnell does not belong in trump world  he s b getting every   he can 2   build the wall .
 elevatefn ur doing a better job at the wall then trump.
thanks for taking up david youngs gambit  but it would be really great if you would support medicare for all  supp .
 gr8ful patriot  whitehouse there some good news 4  maga   god he dont play games  president trump was hes chosen t .
trump would hit it 7 feet foul but have one of his assistants come behind the wall in cf and say ive found your b .
   nomuros presenting trumps wall and the struggle against immigration detention session starting now   marxism2019  teardownthewalls.
 realdonaldtrump president trump  all the money they spent on their  fake witch hunt  could ve have gone to build the wall  .
   hey  fat don   what are the fucking chances anyone as balls to the wall corrupt as you will .
 delavegalaw  virginiacutler6 sufficient for the senate  cuz that s unfortunately where we are  trump s true wall  .
trump s game of thrones meme is super hilarious considering the story is heavily influenced by a wall that fails an .
trump needs to sign an eo and force them to build a wall  enough derp o crat gerrymandering and obstruction  .
 junaidmuhammadd soft reminder      donald trump       now you should go build a wall around you     a wall of shame    .
trump should tax everyone who didnt want the wall        kinda like obama did with obamacare.
 senrickscott why don t you pop over to tyndall air force base and explain to them how you diverted their hurricane .
 .
anyone who owns stock must be the most ignorant humans on the planet  wall street is fake they make money from thos .
if you love a fake stock market that doesn t care about the debt or the real economy your in luck  wall street is t .
wall street doesn t care if interest rates go up  wall street doesn t care about the debt  wall street doesn t care .
nancy pelosi doesn t want the wall because she works for wall street  trump doesn t want the wall because he also w .
you guys i never tweet about trump but im serious rn is this motherfucker making memes  building a wall  yeah  cra .
just more trump b s   he won t do this any more than he s done anything he s threatened  he s just  posturing  2 ke .
 djinsom  rskeehn  ctgalloway  jamesrobin13  aoc lets see  a vote dont reopen the govt  a bill signed by presiden .
 susanishappy12  sayshummingbird  paulleeticks barr has said he will investigate why and how the investigation was .
 mmpadellan  corcattdelaware  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson fdr  the only thing we have to fear is fear itself  .
 ochocinco trump gunna have a hard time building a wall thru the ocean.
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson it s time to address the nation  people don t really know you and the things you ve .
 davidafrench what about the sheer number of russian contacts between dominionists of the religious right  amp  their p .
 cnn interesting timing considering trump was just vindicated on all charges of the fake obama doj created collusio .
to be fair   the left has been melting down for two years   their problem is  nobody is listening anymore  jeanie i .
 donaldjtrumpjr knew that already  don t want the wall  need their votes  won t charge clinton with treason  refuse .
 josephbrass  roger mcrae did you slip her some sleeping pills talk in her ear trump is innocent  trump is inno .
 veganmtb  speakerpelosi you are so out in the dark lets see 2016  obama  clapper and brennan lower the intelligen .
i swear listening to  rudyguilliano is as bad as  bullshittrump one lies the other double talks the bullshit  .
 itsjefftiedrich how about impeachment for failing to defend the constitution  amp  failing to protect our nations sys .
it is up to the american people to protest to resist to boycott this administration of millionaires and billionaire .
we need americans to have a choice  we need the people who disagree with trumps wall  with stronger immigration s .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson the money wasted on this ridiculous investigation would have been better spent buil .
   get to the other side of that wall    your president donald trump .
wall street said the full mueller report was a  nothingburger     aka good for trump .
it has been a while since i said anything about the russia conspiracy theory  i have listened to liberals  conserva .
approximately 12 3 billion dollars in labor costs to build the wall  millions of tax dollars wasted trying to impea .
 ahostilehomo we are not helpless in the face of the media  if we started an investigation and had witness testimon .
 willapaskin nowthat the mueller report is released or at least parts of it you should take it all back  who is b .
check out trump putin 2020 vinyl decal sticker rnc car wall president campaign   via  ebay.
instead of shouting  russiagate    at a wall for the rest of your life  focus on the fact that trump took     from .
 politico  clarencemack3 kellyanne s view is obstructed by trump s wall    .
 brainburp13  thebestever234 mueller collected fines and penalties greater than the cost    report was free     btw .
 legallygraphic  jvgraz  espiers  tinadesireeberg  eshalegal  mikegravel trump allows them to keep moving to the ri .
catch phrases that define republican presidencies  reagan  tear down this wall  bush  mission accomplished  tru .
 ftmclelland  rskeehn  ctgalloway  jamesrobin13  aoc ah  so lets see       you mean when mitch mcconnell was refusing t .
 not all of hollywood people are freaks  here is one of the good ones   realdonaldtrump .
 2afan you don t you just get a huge event one will come  call a national emergency and over ride the senate  state .
 maggiem76771716  realjack  majority t a never trumper   do words have any meaning  shes pointing out that immigra .
donald trumps wall or sanctuary cities that protect murderers  vote now    .
 cher why not take care of our americans that live in the streets because they cant afford  an apartment democrats .
aawe  all that money tmobile spent on trump hotel stays   500k plus       bwaahahaha          the wall street journal  .
sinking wall and sinking trump .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson president trump god is with you  the lord and deceit of congress  amp  demoncrats are e .
 nancybaam he was on that trump build that wall parade float.
 realdonaldtrump  cry demys cry  build that wall drain that swamp  mine any your president donald j  trump        .
those liberals are going to do anything to stop trump s wall  the problem is the people want the wall for a secure .
 bbcbreaking come on old news    as an european i must say i don t like trump but damn he actually does something for .
 arrdjay  austinepowers  juddlegum the trump mcconnell judges are are a slow rolling horror movie  they will set ba .
my vent  my ignoramus gop neighbor just told me that i dont have to worry about the stock market crashing while tr .
you only have to lower interest when you get losers like obama in office  trump should want high interest because h .
 briantcairns  jkfecke  nytimes u must feel like u r bashing your head against a wall  staring over  amp  over  which y .
 saaraduh trump will  build the wall  buildthewall.
 marekrivers suddenly trump knows about negotiated settlements     have to wonder if this will be the turning point f .
 nevadajack2 shes pissed at trump for wall delays  its calked venting  shes a conservative thru  amp  thru  shell v .
 harksaw 9  28bn in extra profit for wall st  banks this year alone as a result of trump s tax breaks  the russia  .
trump and the people of the usa should be awarded the cost of the mueller investigation to build our wall .
the longer trump remains president the more he damages his public image  theres no wall  no new infrastructure in .
 nevadajack2   its like watching a slow motion train crash  she has lost it   trump has accomplished a strongly co .
 teamtrump  realdonaldtrump trump  get in the ring the slander the democrats lied we love our president  but please .
trump  get in the ring the slander the democrats lied we love our president  but please get this wall done  and mak .
 chrislhayes making me laugh me maniacally when he described trump s relationship with the law like that of a roomb .
ok and for the cherry on top   when my queen ann says   they didnt pay for the wall   donald j trump can say     so t .
i know crazy but it aint aoc green deal crazy     trump gets wall immigration issue taken from dems ice begins count .
 pastorlocke  smbdyspcl126 trump said judge curiel couldnt fairly make a judgement on his case because hes mexi .
what has trump done for the country instead of comparing about a wall that he couldve gotten approved when the rep .
the only wall trump built is one of lies  deception  and selfish profit  it doesn t matter to him which shitpuppets .
 juddlegum it s simple   if you don t fight you lose   on the wall funding pelosi fought now it another fight   trump obs .
trump will  build the wall  buildthewall.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal maybe he was sending him the nobel .
 lisamei62 one thing is important to her  money  she made money supporting trump when he was a wild card  then she .
 realdailywire liar williams has a lot of nerve  perhaps he will be there when one of trumps walls go up since he .
 nbaguru3    so let s just vote on mvp after three games and not include curry s 37 point game 4 and kd 20 point ga .
  kellyannepolls would love to be a fly on the wall in your house this weekend   .
 redpissed  colettea she s using her daughter to fulfill trump s vanity wall project   nothing is more disgusting than that .
 realdonaldtrump is frustrated at his own fecklessness  at his failure to fulfill a campaign promise and build a wa .
 theemanfifty    eu building the wall    and criticise trump for wishing to do the same     pure double standards  amp  hypocrisy     .
the above incident happened 6 yrs ago  i care very much about those suffering from addiction  they shouldn t be jud .
 elizabethdrewoh  lawrence absurd that mueller the brick wall of do the right thing  allows trump to get away wit .
another thing that comes to mind  trump isnt even good at obstructing justice  he tried so many times  so many way .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 luismiranda cont   so  they figured they could lower the intelligence agency wall to get criminal activities on tr .
build the wall        cindy nurse     judgementday53    refuse n resist     catchandrepeat     garway95        marshapatriot .
 bryanriggs  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa he has the authority to declare a national emergency to b .
 luismiranda that s because  obama  clapper and brennan lower the intelligence wall in 2016 to pull securities on t .
should be good for equities  if this prediction turns out to be true           .
so fat joffrey  aka  realdonaldtrump  shares memes from a show about an ineffective wall  traitors  sinners  and .
 realtylerzed she doesn t have the same platform she had on the trump train she is a whack job obsessed with the wa .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 kay41981  cassandrarules  bulletinatomic i will agree that obama helped pave the road to trump s foul domain by fa .
trump could cheat on his wife with a mexican lady  amp   maga supporters gone be like it wouldnt have happened if tha .
100 million people didnt vote in 2016      impeachment hearings would put all the evidence out there for those folks to .
 ericdeansd  nbcnews  deptvetaffairs fyi  the obama administration was cracking down on for profit colleges  not tr .
 anon7021  youkeepusingtw  saracarterdc  foxnews well i hate to tell ya you got ripped off but it isnt trumps wall .
 trump nhl the nhl already has a wall and its name is jordan binnington .
 jacktsnack  mkraju  danabashcnn  leaderhoyer and trump is a potus for all  he has literally done nothing with the .
 mikel jollett  jbouie if you want to talk strategy maybe 4 once democrats could control the narrative  amp  news cycle .
trump not interested in holding debt ceiling increase hostage to fund wall  mnuchin   .
 thinkprogress every country meddles in other countries to influence  stop wasting your time on this russia bullshi .
that is trumps wall of wigs a la moira schitt  as cameron esposito commented on earlier today  .
 stefanmolyneux trump admits hes not building the wall.
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
hispanics   exist    trump  lets build this wall.
 realdonaldtrump trump is guilty as hell  just wait till the unredacted report comes out and it tells all barr is l .
 hoodusay  hotpockets4all  stimpyscatbox  spoiler alert  but the dragons burned down the wall in the last seaso .
its not a matter of if  its when  as in when trump will be impeached  hes done more harm than good  and he shut the .
 fras99 10 000 so i could get the hell outa here before trump becomes president for life   and before the canadians .
 superelitetexan makes perfect sense    trump says they re coming here for all the jobs and bc they know the wall wil .
 realdonaldtrump donald trump u report so many crimes on twitter but yet your trying to make one your going to be t .
by the time f       trump leaves white house we will have been able to pay for his f       wall  .
 jodiemoss1976  donaldjtrumpjr  cnn  realdonaldtrump it s all you stupid loser libtards that continue to lie  noth .
trump s bizarre adventure  wall is unbreakable opening anime    youtube hhhhhhh.
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
     trump                                                anything regard .
 ellievan65  lancelotlinkspy and how they ll do with trump taking a billion for the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump our dear and wonderful president trump  please build the wall now  amp  stop illegals into country now .
 we are in a real watershed moment in cultural history   he said        we re still talking about national boundaries  .
 seanhannity  jaysekulow  presssec  devinnunes  greggjarrett  saracarterdc  marklevinshow wall to wall coverage   t .
 terminsane  imsent  marina sirtis dude  trump is wall streets guy   how many goldman sachs employees went to work for him .
 djrodgers1231  jewelrydistrict they picked a fucking unregistered agent of russia to be their oppo dirt digger on .
no obstruction  no collusion   hillaryclinton isn t president  the wall is coming  kavanaugh is on the supreme cour .
 orvieto2016 also  12 republican senators voted against trump s wall  they only need eight more .
 khshan it s not that cold  we have 4 seasons is all  all americans that want to move here you better hurry  if you .
 talksport  talklatch if i missed a flightcoz a bunch of climate mooks id go get arrested punching a tree hugger .
 realdonaldtrump i dont hate president trump he is on my wall yup  .
 lisamei62 ah   jus like she said shed support trump if he finished the wall .
 conservacatgal give it a little time  though the trumpkins cling to the notion of exoneration  this report is the .
 xeni  bluegal  tonkaobrien they ve already started building the trump  residential lie brary and the wall  so much winning .
did you see trump in florida surrounded by like 20 secret service men  i have never seen such a wall of protection     something s up   .
 mschlapp waste  30 million   that s trump change to the us government that loves to waste money on stupid things like a wall .
 aoc  speakerpelosi    chuckschumer     hillaryclinton    billclinton  barackobama corybooker  sengarypeters .
i love mueller because he drew the truth on the wall about trump presidency  ill therefore  sleep well tonight  you .
 politico the  d o nothings    clinton trained  trump dominated    they never follow through and never serve the people .
 cuse land  gregshugar  realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle o malley buried himself  a water .
trump supporters really drive me up the wall .
 candibolt  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters but she has trump s picture on her wall with a copy of his payoff check framed with it .
trump mentioned we are building the worlds most expensive ice breaker      we are gonna try to get through the ice wall.
 ap  jpacedc presidential quotes through history        ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do f .
draining the swamp  maga  a good day for trump  a great day for the usa  time to build the wall .
build trump s prison wall     2020go    lockhimup.
wall street executives combing through muellers report will notice the name of one of their own .
 heathenonearth  after trump hit the wall .
trumps tweet about obamas wall and why it doesnt make sense   via  smedian network  writing  politics  writer .
 sayshummingbird i m here  honey  so sick of trump not building the wall  it is time for pence    libs will feel the shock of righteousness .
 realdonaldtrump president trump is building the wall  democrats just don t want you to know about it  look it up .
 maydaymindy9 i m so disappointed in him  for a long time i ve known all the confidence  amp  hope being placed in him .
 darrylw1971  stevemacwv  petebuttigieg it s always about money with trump   he already slashed the budget for medi .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 realdonaldtrump  marthamaccallum  foxnews president trump  keep doing what you have been doing for us  the america .
i overheard a trump supporter say trump is building his wall  just get over it         anyone else see the unintentio .
 gina4trump  ingrahamangle  judgenap he read the writing on the wall and saw that being anti trump guarantees him a .
 cmargaronis  danpfeiffer  joncoopertweets its only wasting time  at this time  so many other things to do   since .
im going home this weekend and i made my mom listen to hadestown in the car ride home and she got visibly uncomfor .
 realjack ann is a drunk washed up one issue raging lunatic   the wall is being built and that was what she attacke .
peppa pig donald trump   build the wall  via  youtube.
 westxgal  nahbabynah in 2016 she said she didnt care if trump performed abortions in the oval office as long as h .
trump tweets a game of thrones meme and wants to build a wall with the help of ice yet he hasn t hired a single fuc .
 trump nhl we will build this great nhl wall and we will have canada pay for it  make the national hockey league great again .
 anncoulter if trump isnt gonna build that wall  then we will continue to have a criminal private sector underclass .
 2toosharp  jillsh3  jimsciutto  draiochta14  presssec trump blames everything on democrats  even when democrats ha .
 t35t0  pyromanjeff  thedemocrats but this article clearly states that this money will not go towards paying for th .
 cnn if no crime was committed then why does  fakecnn keep trying to make a crime   if the ag was good enough for a .
build the nhl wall and hockey crime will fall .
 tmraye trump knows how to use the media  don t be fooled otherwise  as for the wall  do you use the simple structu .
indigenous activists set up protest camp at south texas cemetery to stop trumps wall  via  popresistance.
 canolfan pentre  rhonddabryant  garfieldwfdn  buffywills  lisawaker buffy is more successful than president trump .
 bserviss8229  jennforhockey  trump nhl hes an example why mr president needs to build that northern wall .
 ingrahamangle  judgenap the dems are sick they can t believe our president is innocent  they can t take it  they r .
 realdonaldtrump your choices are  resign  or get impeached  we are moving forward  why     failed immigration trump .
 cookmeister7 the media is the biggest cause for division  not trump  as for the wall  we need to do something to s .
asif donald trump actually built a wall love that level of pettiness.
 aspertierra i actually got more into the wall in the least couple of years  i think the fascism parallels went ove .
 neal katyal humpty dumpty trump made a stand on a  wall    humpty dumpty trump promoted barr to prevent his fall   now .
 cnn  fakecnn is now trying to start a war   we didnt start a war when obummer was in office for 8 long ass years   .
 seanhannity nancy and chuck if your crying wanting somebody guilty why dont you investigate hillary emails you bo .
this whole debate on  realdonaldtrump facing  political backlash    simply ridiculous  trump loves america  trump l .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 realjack shes nuts   she doesnt support trump because of the wall yet she would vote for a socialist    i dont .
as  trump tries to build a wall to crush the most vulnerable deny them escape from tyranny quite inspiring to see m .
  hbo to  realdonaldtrump  stop tweeting about  game of thrones  no one likes you and your fake presidency is in wo .
 realdonaldtrump i want to put trump on the other side of the wall .
 joetraina  kris sacrebleu trump has been a quitter all his life   the poll numbers are not going to change and lat .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 hardball  cynthiaalksne top wall st corporate democrats  amp  msnbc chris rachel dnc spokespeople getting their monthl .
wall street executives combing through robert muellers report will notice the name of one of their own .
 repseanmaloney u are a rude pun    u wasn t on  fakecnn  boy     fox put u in your place    lmao    if u keep thre .
wall street executives combing through muellers report will notice the name of one of their own .
 chizmaga  willowmagna bad barack  amp  crooked hillery are the architects of this fiasco  hiding behind the wall of po .
 kathlee71068501  arthurschwartz  donaldjtrumpjr you know what  you guys deserve trump  enjoy your wall .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary we  the american people  understand these findings just fine  mueller could read th .
vice is reading the entire mueller report live while someone paints a portrait of trump and putin on the back wall  .
controversial federal reserve board contender herman cain says he has no intention of withdrawing from consideratio .
 torriangray i want that as the wall paper in trump s cell .
 devincow to think  of this  if trump unjustly fires people within the government such as comey and mccabe others .
 repjasoncrow stop it   you were elected to pass laws that help the citizens of colorado   dems need to accept hila .
 dalambeku  yoimpassive for example  i voted for trump not because i wanted trump to  make america great again       ra .
 krassenstein  drummindj j trump s base is not moved by facts  truth or science  they don t care about the constitu .
 reuters  ag barr  what a actor   hes about transparent as a brick wall   hes sucking up to  low iq trump cause m .
 girlsreallyrule imho  there is no reason why they should not impeach trump    trump must be impeached    the writing i .
 realjack because she hasnt gotten her wall yet  when trump delivers on wall she will be back  to stay relevant ma .
 cnn u idiots make me sick   trump done nothing wrong and now u want to start on something new   why not find out w .
 bootz adams  annableigh  consofcooking1  aiicerobinson  misshellca  trumpsugar  jeff11069676  deplorablenew .
 amandionair hes acting on behalf of trump  that was part of the agreement to get hired  and get his kids jobs wit .
president donald trump is keeping his word to the people in usa   are we will remember this on election day  buildi .
 madelinewcopel1  realjack yup  and she is very hard headed because anyone can see that the whole swamp continues t .
 joshua4congress    while trump won with a big beautiful wall  a big beautiful tax cut  and hillary had no narrat .
 speakerpelosi you hate trump more than you love usa    gosh  hatesnancy  speakerpelosi  you were wanting us to let .
 climatechgfan  tylerelives  stclairashley  realdonaldtrump didnt 1 pass away  amp  1 retire   trump was at right plac .
 scottadamssays  mid termsmatter  crime s  is whatever congress says it is    full stop   when us elected trump   t .
moscow extensively interfered in  2016 s presidential election  but repeated communications with the trump campaign .
donald trump uses game of throne meme hbo response with please don t  the game of throne wall failed  .
semi closeted white supremacist  amp  pekin community high school   pchsdragons  social studies teacher kevin pummill   .
this has been one hell of a tiresome  depressing  nauseating day  glad the truth has finally been revealed  breaks .
mueller sees the writing on the wall  he will distance himself from the dems now  let him speak   wont change a th .
 realdonaldtrump go trump        build that wall.
 dominiclup2  siriusmatdj  rubyrosa973  xorjeo trump didnt build his wall which wouldve been a big accomplishment .
maybe after the report she might lose her mind and jump into the fracas of people who are trying to become the next .
 realdonaldtrump oh man the liberals having a tantrum over this meme is beautiful   once again  liberals cry  and t .
 lindseygrahamsc  you ve been sucking so much trump dick  you ve forgotten to come up for air  breathe lindsey  you .
 nrcc no wall build a prison for the trump crime family.
 da bearschi  thehill  kellyannepolls what about a republican house and republican president for 2 years and still .
 realjack it s hardly a wow jack  she s been  anti trump   for the better part of his presidency  she wanted  her w .
it s wild how donald trump keeps dropping game of thrones images when that show is literally about a failed wall.
i find it really fitting that trump keeps using game of thrones inspired posters  after all  it s a show about dece .
 ellahbie  artfulgrower yup  policies matter  that s why trump got in  by faking adherence to great health coverage .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 gop trump   failed health insurance   failed wall    failed immigration reform    failed tax cuts for the middle class    fa .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle trump rupert murdoch republicans religious right wall s .
mexican boxer destroys american fighter wearing trump wall shorts .
has anne coulter said it doesnt matter because trump hasnt built the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  tuckercarlson  seanhannity  ingrahamangle i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our .
 realdonaldtrump donald  son of trump  son of thorin ii oakenshield  son ofthrin  son ofthrr    can bring balan .
 correct the tax man owns you in our capitalist economy  trump says  america is winning   where  the stock market  .
the russian government interfered in the 2016 presidential election in sweeping and systematic fashion     .
 officeofmike  peilmymailcom1 donald trump definitely will build that wall if the democrats did not obstruct him every step of the way .
if you agree  please rt  and call  to put  trump against the wall    .
 stonekettle why do these  not a fan of trump  folks manage to miss the very thing that will drive open trump fans .
 tomilahren translation  everyone should just believe barr that he exonerated trump rather than stop to read the ac .
 jeffflake in his reelection campaign trump vows to combat socialism  communism  amp  human right abuses  sounds like p .
 therealwiseone what a hypocrite  all you do is go on and on about the wall  but you seem to hang out with all ille .
yeah trump s awful  but beat him democratically  because that s how he won  thick skulled democrats can t imagine w .
 officeofmike trump did something to really piss her off  and it wasnt about the damn wall .
 drblb i have been in the neighborhood for many many years    they are in a city and should be part of a community .
 usa  building the wall between a fart and a trance       trump and assange .
what happened to all that money for salaries where trump did not fill his cabinet  i don t agree with the wall enti .
us   congratulations to sarah jeong and the rest of the new york times and the wall street journal for winning a pu .
 wiscott44 impeachment hearings will make news wall to wall coverage of trump s endless crimes  i don t think that .
 quancyclayborne trump   just another prick with no wall     .
 diaper777  mattrellen  actdefiance  dreadpirate42  duncombe cher  bustthegop  john12snow  trumpbane1969 .
 stickman7  nevertrumptexan  guypbenson so the fbi made trump associates take the meeting  please run into a wall .
 superrugbynz  highlanders easy do a donald trump and build a wall .
i have been called a trump loyalist  my response is   if you mean i am in favor of proactive gov t  a president tha .
 realdailywire trump  not obstruction  fake news   construction of the wall       media  racist .
 harleymonster  djrothkopf  repswalwell  proudresister that 90  applies to those without attorneys  obama s people .
 lashobowser trump build the wall immediately .
 captpeterider  thehill how so   the left call her crazy non stop  and she rails trump daily about the wall  do ya .
this is why trump is shilling wall street like a crackhead  it is not sustainable .
as i said trump s suggestion is okay  if dropping water can smash down the walls of notre dame cathedral  it s bett .
 siriusmatdj  dominiclup2  rubyrosa973  xorjeo saying trump is one of the greatest presidents of all time is like s .
my mueller take   ok congress  you can fk around going after trump for the next 18 months  which would be appropria .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters we love you trump    please never give up    build the wall  .
 bernstein  mollyjongfast plus the skateboarding  not feeding his cat  not bathing  the smearing of feces on the wa .
 mizzlrenee dems and media need to point out trump has done nothing to help us defend from cyber attacks   in essen .
 repjeffries dear mr assclown  please consider placing yourself on the south side of the trump wall  thanks.
american boxer wearing  trump wall  shorts gets his     whooped by  wait for it  a mexican  .
 savnryansprvate  comfortablysmug  kyrstensinema and for everything else youve mentioned  pro abortion  trump has .
 juliegray22 every time i see a picture of this evil woman i throw up in my mouth  she stole the democratic nominat .
 jim jordan it has nothing to do with barr  it has everything to do with trump  build the wall  deport illegals unl .
 officeofmike ann  what is your obsession with the wall  trump is blocked everywhere possible  obviously you dont .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our troops  bringing back the jo .
 michaeldamsky  chrislhayes  realdonaldtrump  chrislhayes is as responsible for trump s election as the russians  h .
gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulations repealed  us energy independent  isis destro .
 speakerpelosi there s no difference at all  there s no collusion no corruption  give it up and actually do your jo .
 repmattgaetz  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 wow  look at all of them   tg we re going to put a wall there .
 repswalwell has one leg dangling on both sides of trumps wall    .
  brohan   rachelrumbelow  proudresister this is nonsense  trump s  position  on any legislation is building a wall .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 trumpusamagakag  officeofmike same  it is a strange thing to go from defending her to watching this sort of    i d .
 realdonaldtrump now let s build the wall   thanks president trump for all you do.
 queenof  bx  maggienyt trump doesn t want this to be over  he doesn t want to talk about healthcare  infrastructur .
guess trump really building that wall cuz the local taco shop giving out lemon wedges instead of limes now .
 sentomcotton is that why old ben is letting trump take money for his wall that should be use for military families .
 arturoagudelo4  thehill  kellyannepolls no  because shes been in public office for so long everyone knows about h .
 mitchellvii  gatewaypundit shows mueller wasn t a  good guy  if he could have he would of tried to nail trump to t .
 sarahkendzior why did mueller stop at the trump family wall  he seemed to be going up the chain by giving ridiculo .
 notcapnamerica  lizwill99 i think  ol billy boy forgot to add the words  wall street  before  trump  in that tweet .
the irony of trump sharing a graphic from a show about a wall that fails  treason  deception and incest is hilariou .
 mcmacmilk1  draconianpagan  dietandfitness0  o aimee  realdonaldtrump a country populated by immigrants building a .
 colapsopro   colapso de las acciones de la banca argentina en wall street    dicen que le soltaron la mano    la mano .
 thedweck 2 obvious clues trump never saw even a briefing on g o t   1  he wouldn t keep memeing it if he knew how .
 cerebz  covfefekatie  trumpsworstene1  landon kinsey  aoc  maga yep  thats me  an avid trump supporter  hes so a .
 themarkpantano  missidc5 she has a point  you did give the impression that you wouldnt vote for trump simply beca .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
i realize i m really late to this party  but i just started watching got  and now i m wondering if trump understand .
they didnt prosecute bush  amp  co  for war crimes        they didnt prosecute wall street for decimating working people  .
 kellyannepolls you wouldnt even take your kids pictures off the wall   its like a little window into your warped .
 charliekirk11 mueller concluded russian interference happened in two ways  a social media campaign designed to fav .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters omg really  fake news  lies  no obstruction  lies  no collusion  lies  what happene .
 espiers  legallygraphic  tinadesireeberg either way  it s catastrophically incorrect  the democrats want to preten .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters the irony of trump sharing memes about a show that is quite literally ab .
 c0lettea first im sorry for your loss  second the wall will not stop any of the cartels from bringing drugs  they .
 realdonaldtrump  jessebwatters the irony of trump sharing memes about a show that is quite literally about a wall .
 kbhubbel  sportsfead  sarahbcalif  danabashcnn  leaderhoyer my objections to pence are  at present  partisan  my o .
what has  speakerpelosi accomplished in the last 100 days  nothing i noticed       go ahead and file articles of impeac .
 adam071373 ironically the trump  wall deal  is far  far less than go8 would have gotten  gang of 8 was to the righ .
 aquaryte trump just likes  gameofthrones bcuz they actually built a wall .
the real story about trump isnt about  russiagate  its about wall street  and its about one billionaire in parti .
barr is like  look  trump willingly gave us all the documents   a person who does that isn t obstructing       reality  .
 trumpvschrist  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse like the 1950s tv series trackdown where walter trump cons the .
 baileysweeknd  sweet dolmarais yes let s raise money to make a wall to enclose trump in forever .
 maninthehoody we all know how this is going to go  trump claims his  10 percent fewer electoral votes will be beca .
 magamaniac5  hkecia  since the democratic party     don t want donald trump as president     then beat him out in 20 2 .
 mbuhari  ayemojubar we r still clapping  dis achievement is at par with trump building the great wall of america   .
 pauldecristofo4  euroyankeeblog yes  ann is someone whos always trying to push trump further on the wall  that .
fdr  the only thing we have to fear is fear itself       jfk  ask not what your country can do for you         nixon  i am .
 renew911health pat toomey is a dc swamper benedict arnold to trump if he supports gop then why didnt he vote to f .
 mimirocah1 doesn t matter that you use it  just like the pentagon papers  which was ruled well above your paygrade .
 prachisrivas  prachisrivas this is the  new normal    after the fall of berlin wall  we imagined a world that does .
 realdonaldtrump house trump   motto  build the  wall.
 clover1292  realdonaldtrump  foxnews mitt has always been a liberal swamp rat  mitt is currently one of the 4 bloc .
 teamtrump the falling star 2 nights ago may have been the 1st sign that things would go well for team trump today  .
 chatbycc that s what happens when you don t have a puppet  which they have had for the last decades or so  now the .
 anncoulter  realdonaldtrump get  anncoulter the wall  please     fyi though  i do not think sander has the guts to d .
you cant make this up  folks now the impeach trump crowd on social media are wanting an investigation in obstructio .
 embryethan but even that tsunami would have met an impenetrable wall of resistance from mitch mcconnell and a larg .
 maydaymindy9 i don t think it was money at all  but rather barr hates the same black and brown people as does trum .
 korbelrenokia  realdonaldtrump  wwp  whitehouse  presssec  usmc  usnavy  usarmy  uscg  usairforce but king trump n .
 foecuz  thehill  kellyannepolls  realdonaldtrump he has already spent billions on the wall     its still the era of .
end up becoming prisoners of the walls they built  says the heretic   he lives in a castle surrounded by a wall  a .
 az cd2  senmcsallyaz ah no  trump was frustrated that ag session recused himself i  the very beginning from the in .
 heyclaaire what the actual fuck  building this wall would would only benefit the private contracting company hired .
 phoenixwmn total fumigation  everything goes  carpets  drapes  wall paint  strip it down to the bare studs to get .
 andreachalupa  speakerpelosi theyre scared impeachment will embolden  amp  energize gop voters in 2020 when trump runs .
what a joke  they did nothing for the consumer trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into  financial li .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program  they did not do their job s0 per .
 potus we asked for  5 7 billion to build a wall pelosi said no but she wants  2 trillion for election  she can no .
 mamendoza480 anyone that comes into our country   illegally  is a criminal          stop defending them   because .
tax favored investment in low income areas   trump administration offers new flexibility in opportunity zones  wall .
mueller report  trump asked aides to help find clinton s  missing  emails  via  yahoonews   sm .
 mariabartiromo  jpmorgan  morningsmaria  foxbusiness these are the fruits of our hard work  not the  potus   trump .
its like my path 2liking trump   at first it felt weird   lonely  i felt like a off th wall misfit   then i did re .
donald trump funny wall joke quote political humor holiday card   funny  greetingcards  gifts .
 victoriadahl russia is the least of manaforts worries  he should be more worried about ukraine  just like joe bide .
new yorks de blasio doesnt want trump to send illegals to ny    so can we sue de blasio for trying to force trump t .
well  trump would say   yea  that money would serve a more humanitarian purpose if macron would divert it to buildi .
 realdonaldtrump have a great easter weekend and stay safe     relax  unwind  enjoy  god has been good to us all si .
not to mention that this is largely an attempt to erect a massive trump esque wall along the mediterranean in a res .
the bullet we dodged with the trump video just bounced off a wall and is headed back .
 thehill i heard this from several trump supporters in 2016   sans the immigration component  bernie  amp  trump messag .
 themarkpantano president trump is not in the congress  president trump does not fund projects like the wall  for t .
  here comes the wall   trump  .
 aoc how much money did trump take from the military for his wall    .
 briebriejoy those may be the obama trump supporters that are now with  bernie2020  those blue wall swing voters ar .
lol   trump supporters who say they worry about wasting tax dollars  between the dumbass wall and the golfing  trum .
pres trump said  im fucked  this is the end of my presidency  it s terrible  before boarding the last flight allege .
wake up  leaderhoyer   speakerpelosi   senschumer       wake the fuck up      2020 aspirations can be put on hold while .
 speakerpelosi president trump nor his family or administration colluded with russia  he didn t obstruct  this is a .
the only thing trump has going for him is the stock market  not the economy because it s mixed   but    wall street c .
 testerteam  fairimmigration  thejusticedept  dailysignal  fredlucaswh demons are the ones doing nothing in 100 day .
remember when trump posted his game of thrones wall meme not knowing that the fucking wall was destroyed    imagine .
 barbatum67 dan volg je het alleen via de nl media  zelfs de mexicaanse aanhang in de vs groeit en zijn het eens me .
 johnjharwood  joananzelmo trump belongs in the back of an italian restaurant  back to the wall    after all this tim .
 luke nowacki  klasfeldreports congress will nail trump s balls to the wall.
 repmaxinewaters a bad wall never lasts very long  lol trump wins  again    .
 themarkpantano i m not worried about it  the wall is getting built  a stretch at a time  the situation with illega .
so instead of helping trump with the wall  this is what cocaine mitch wants to do .
 bethrhyan  bpolitics lol  yeah  thats why the betting markets and wall street have trump as the odds on favorite .
 cali tracii  realtt2020  ilhanmn  realdonaldtrump  icegov  dhsgov  cis org  pewresearch  vp  catvllvsverona  chic .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 westxgal  ggeett37aaa she has been anti trump for the longest time  she wanted her wall  she didn t get it  yet   .
have just been informed that why we build the wall from hadestown was in fact  written before trump  just goes to s .
hey  dbongino   this is just as you described in your show  mueller is just trying to throw as much mud on the wall .
 dbongino it seems the dumbarats are going to ride the impeach president trump all the way to nov  2020 instead of .
appeals court upholds california sanctuary law challenged by trump administration    .
this should never happen again .
if you cant prove shit then there ain t shit  sorry my little snowflakes  trump 2020 four more years of america fir .
 peterdaou you are so right  the writing is on the wall now they know america is coming down with trump .
 raz0rfist  kylekulinski i think the whole discussion about hillary vs trump on being hawkish is irrelevant  they b .
 zigmanfreud i voted exonerated but as that applies to no collusion  as to trumps character as with most presidenti .
 evelyn chick  danabashcnn  leaderhoyer ha ha  dems have lost 2020  trump will win re election in a landslide  reps .
 nhogg111  kellydecker23  bimbofrancis  abc  barackobama exactly  what a load of crap   a lawyer perceived that so .
 teampelosi  speakerpelosi  impeachtrump the writting is on the wall    of truml tower    or doj    ir was it the i .
wall street   too big to indict    donald trump jr    too stupid to indict    ever heard of anyone too black to indict         it s a rigged system .
trump wanna keep using game of thrones references and memes  okay bro bro but remember what happens to the westeros .
 lasvegasgps  sjwebster500gm1  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump he ended catch  amp  release but obama judge overturned it  .
 gop  vp  i m back       allowed to be loud  why president  realdonaldtrump building a wall is counterintuitively gai .
i feel like if you voted for trump or support the building a wall you shouldn t be allowed to celebrate cinco de mayo.
turns out trump had his wall all along  called  all the president s men   .
 jillianrobertss  jordan sather  president trump killed the  tpp        just by not ratifying the tpp  trump saved the .
 justicealwaysw1  morning joe  petebuttigieg i guess after buying into the river of bullshit from trump it must be .
 crosby71 it s ok bitters liverpool for the league and the champions league just for liverpool city disregarding th .
who else would have loved being a fly on the wall when  trump yelled im f   ked.
 kimjongun to visit  putin as ties with  trump fray   the wall street journal .
 chrislhayes hoyer has been waiting to say for this for year   he serves wall street money   as long as the flow do .
 realemmaz  awesomeangel40 really trump is priming and anchoring white supremacy social dominance orientation in th .
 themarkpantano  missidc5 it will end  the wall is being built  and you know what mark with all due respect  it s n .
 shadowslight3  varidienne trump cant even get a wall built so please save it   at least pete is tryin to do good a .
 victoriaheuman  alaskamanak1  toffeedan  realdonaldtrump i love the trump voters who scream  drain the swamp  whil .
hbo wants trump to stop using got images  so retweet the hell out of this     realdonaldtrump  realjameswoods .
yep  it s all a scam  don t expect the wall to get built  it will not get built  i believed the lie too  you can on .
 thedailyshow  devincow anyone else think its ironic that trump is sharing memes about a show that is quite literal .
 vicsepulveda 1  clinton didn t campaign enough in blue wall states  why she lost    2  the dnc stonewalled sanders  .
 realdonaldtrump anyone else think its ironic that trump is sharing memes about a show that is quite literally abou .
 realdonaldtrump trump sharing memes about a show that is literally about a wall that failed  treason  incest and d .
 davidpreece12 send them to trump to make an inflatable wall.
 nmredmenace nah man  there are multiple times but mueller ran into a brick wall with trumps team covering up for .
i appreciate  the ordinary americans clip   however  that is not what most will hear or see ann   you know better  .
 ericwbolyn  sirajahashmi tbh she s always been a 1 issue person  remember she said they could do abortions in the .
 bobdobo82736784  erictrump  cnn twittering is not obstruction  trump might as well shouted at the top of his lungs .
 repmattgaetz youre another f  king lying moron  do you know that         you were in coolidge  100 miles away from an .
 billoreilly  jackpegram4 i predict we will be hearing about that report well into trump s second term and most of .
 danabashcnn  leaderhoyer i love these snowflake tweets  1  we are a republic not a democracy  2  president trump h .
 anntensity now shes lost it  love her being pissed off at trump for being a snail about the wall but this is crossing the line .
all i m saying is if  selena was here we wouldn t even be talking ab this wall  damnit  excuseme .
 nalamaga1  potus hey sean  i also am frustrated  declass fisa  wall  taking down the biggest  and worst sick crimi .
wall street rallies no matter what the fed does  the fed could raise rates over 10  and wall street would have it s .
the fed needs to raise interest to over  6  and watch wall street really rally  look how they have rallied each tim .
 clinteastwoodla  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump thank clint    i hope they investigate the shit out of the dem rods .
set themselves up for these falls everyday  they and the press have there fingers crossed throwing things against t .
 bbcnewsnight  bbctwo this idiotic headline really does prove the theory that rupert murdoch has taken over the bbc .
 shepnewsteam at the end of your show u should praise trump wall street is really good like the presedent in the whitehouse .
liberals and pelosi don t understand  it s not trump who wants the wall  it s the will of the people  they want sec .
 hiruy4hoco  chrislhayes rs are not acting because they have nothing left without him  twin debacles in iraq and o .
 tulsigabbard all republicans care about is that trumps owning the libs  cutting taxes for rich people and buildin .
 buckaroosamurai  dpakman so   why didn t the wall get passed through congress when trump had complete and total control of it  again  .
 fakeandgaylmao exactly  and hot take  i hate the fawning praise and revisionist history of obama now that trump is .
 joshgerstein barr has trumps poster on his bedroom wall  .
if you thought the  national emergency  for wall funding was ridiculous  wait till you get a load of trump s  natio .
imagine this on the wall of the trump presidential library  .
top democrats all agree with trump s immigration plan and building the wall to stop illegals  .
 realdonaldtrump trump when viserion blew a hole through the wall .
all the people complaining about the cost of trumps wall should have been given to teachers or schools  sure aren .
 bawilliamson55  kausmickey  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump trump has tried to get the wall built .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump poor ed  you just cant see the writing on the wall  i keep waiting for you to wake up .
we have exotic climbs and accents  a close brother   sister bond  a self made  entertainment  king passing the gaun .
 asavagenation all of these people are wondering who is going to go down first  now that trump no longer has a sc o .
 real vt16  therealpest  mrandyngo i voted trump and was very enthusiastic at the beginning but at this point hes n .
we love president trump  we are sick of the dems  with evil  selfish intentions   build the wall  make immigration .
what s trump s cost to you if he builds the wall   15 each  what s the cost that obama stuck on you after he left o .
breaking news      robert mueller s report concerning mr  trump s presidency has been re named   how to nail jelly to w .
most republicans know  trump is a criminal at worst and an ethically challenged  corrupt goon at best        they dont .
 buzzfeed this is literally the most npc thing i have seen       just like on  npcdailysite where people smash wallls i .
 dollop of mayo  mikegravel and your premise is false in assuming the issue boils down to one political party  how .
 kayleighmcenany  teamtrump  parscale with all of that time  energy  and money wasted the democrats could have give .
 thibaultbrycke  realdonaldtrump  m3rlinc  thomasstryp trump rebuilds the wall.
 mijum941 im not saying any of that is because of trump  im saying he should be focusing on those problems instea .
those of you who defended jeff sessions     remember the conversations in the mueller report from sessions chief of .
incredibly ironic that trump is making memes about a show that portrays deception  incest  and a failed wall  .
i wonder when assange smeared his feces on the embassy wall if there was an image of donald trump there .
 bigleaguepol he takes issue with trump s wall  and says we should use drones and other technology   that would be .
 repadamschiff its justice you lost       i hope the president trump sues you and all the other demrats involv .
because you are a cheap punk thug  a coward  a liar 100  criminal thru and thru  you belong in a cage with a gib wa .
 speakerpelosi hypocrites  this will hit a brick wall on  democrats and  msm once  agbarr does his investigation in .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal booyah     .
 bbchindi this way trump is  builidng the the wall just to protect mexican.
 lrihendry  choctawscot we dont have the wall  trump has funded planned parenthood in his spending bills  trump ha .
 edkrassenstei20  shomaristone that s was an assumption on trump s part  why would that  f  him  according to trump .
plan de desarrollo  cuntico  china es agresivo    elputoamo    potus  realdonaldtrump quiere 1 como ese  qanon  qarmy .
 govinslee if you become president in 2020 will you tear down the trump wall .
 1776stonewall maybe  but she call trump winning from day one  she was ridiculed and laughed at until the election .
 kausmickey and in both cases  we determine whether trump is serious by seeing whether he follows up on his emoting .
have no faith any r congressman will turn on trump after this report    half the country doesnt care their presiden .
my  1 selling point on a democratic presidential nominee  will they commit to putting trump and any co conspirators .
had a debate with a classmate  about trump s decision to build the wall  and she really believes it s gonna stop tr .
let s impeach trump and barr as a  twofer  and save some   for a wall    .
 naftalisafanov  realdonaldtrump trump is going to build a wall with a cost of over 1 billion dollars  dont talk a .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump what    no wall was ever planned under president obama   trump is the idiot whos deman .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov aww  secure borders with cyber security and boots on the wall   ignorant trump created this .
 larrydaliberal  kent nye larry your hair same color  not cut  combed or washed  whats on your head i know and u h .
 k jakewarren  donaldjtrumpjr lied     trump has kept every one of his campaign promises except the wall  amp  infrastr .
another awful thing about this is how righties lower their expectations for what constitutes  winning   if you were .
 doctorcdf as opposed to any other trump supporter          40  of america is currently just  arg arg   build that wall .
it took only hours to raise enough   to rebuild the fire damage  which is amazing  but whys it been 5 years  amp  flin .
 proudresister  speakerpelosi if we impeach now   what s to stop pence from pardoning trump  there s a reason pence .
trump  5 billion for wall vs obama already spent  50 000 000 000 000 trillion dollars on what   cspanwj .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 areyougreatyet  dcexaminer  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump  berniesanders she thinks she is spiting trump because she wanted instant wall .
 greekstl its a page out of the trump book  should i have thrown the over the wall with you in there so you would catch the reference .
mexican boxer destroys american fighter wearing trump wall shorts .
 nancyleegrahn i like trump  my family is financially doing better  north korea stopped the missiles  a wall is bei .
 travelingus  robreiner don t count her out yet  she s a master politician  now that the mueller report   or at lea .
 shepnewsteam cont   obama saw the crowds that trump was getting at his rallies he was getting scared     this is wer .
no wall  no repeal of obamacare  no tax returns  no denuclearization of north korea  but  nocollusion  i think that .
 robreiner pelosi already threw in the towel on impeachment so    what is the fight over  trumps military budget  .
since mueller details numerous instances of trump explicitly encouraging lawbreaking  we need to just drop the bull .
trump s budget cuts medicare  medicaid and education spending plus funds the wall   .
 shepnewsteam cont   so  they figured they could lower the intelligence agency wall to get criminal activities on t .
 art05268667  washingtonpost  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder what a shame that trump won t do anything to help veterans  .
these stories will be on my wall all day   the pathetic hoax cannot just be swept under the rug    disgusting      .
 shepnewsteam its time you knew the truth  that s because  obama  clapper and brennan lower the intelligence wall .
 realdonaldtrump hey donny you really had to go to the dallas paper there isn t any in our state that says no collu .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst hello cory this is what president trump has been saying all along   you g .
 scotcharye  jrubinblogger  maggienyt trump pretends he has absolute control and we pretends this will get cured by .
a prior trump build the wall text message campaign got 126 428 clicks within a few days  corresponded with third bi .
 musser benson  wellsfargo i have started at least a million times to all republicans even the one that calls himse .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 repjerrynadler nadler  you stubby fat hog bastard you dumb son of a bitch your pissed because trump cut your steal .
donald trump the road for presidency 2020 is ready  no colusion with russia  the democrats to cry at the wall of jerusalem .
 ajstream trump is rather guilty of all he accused  ilhanmn with  antisemitism brought about brazil wall in trump p .
 herbsuperb2  survivor1325  tomilahren which is one of many reasons why i m against a wall being built  thanks trum .
the wall street journal  17 minutes ago    mueller report says fairness concerns prevented obstruction judgment on .
this guy  just another brick in the wall  no obstruction because people wouldnt carry out direct orders from trump .
 pcassell2  curtishouck  mattmackowiak it been over along time ago  trump gotten away with half of the thing he don .
 travel bans  attacks on free speech and press  dreamers  the wall  metoo  .
  repjerrynadler  senschumer  speakerpelosi  senatemajldr  aoc the writing is on the wall with the  muellerreport  .
in 2004  trump delivered advice that now resonates with new meaning  telling graduating seniors at wagner college i .
 realdonaldtrump i stand by our president he is changing this country for the better he promised change and he deli .
why do democrats continue to spend millions of dollars in the bought press  instead of putting it on the wall of trump .
over  25 million tax payer dollars wasted to prove trump was innocent    and yall say the wall is a waste of money   muellersreport.
watching trump nail their corrupt asses to his wall for the next five years is never going to get old  .
 chaparro916  emmya2  realdonaldtrump even better    in reality  president trumps wall is not a wall at all  the .
 maga  realdonaldtrump  msnbc time to trade in your maga cap  available at  for only a milli .
 realdonaldtrump i love you mr president trump and praying for you please build the wall and help the people in ari .
fucking brilliant  let s also build a wall  europe is ours not islam s  we must fight back  long live trump  they s .
 mattgaetz  realdonaldtrump dude  you are just another brick in the wall    when trump goes away  people wont even re .
 dcexaminer  anncoulter  realdonaldtrump  berniesanders trump hasnt competed the wall yet so im gonna vote for a .
 ananavarro cnn is the big winner here  not trump  report reads like a daily summary of accurate and objective repo .
 katie maga  lisamei62  deltadawnn99 keep building the wall   trump 2020 .
pope francis takes thinly veiled swipe at trump  calls out leaders who want walls  and yet the pope lives behind a .
trump is a loser he lost on the world stage he lost on obama repeal he lost on him wanted a racist wall he losing o .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
the railroading of reality winner   report for political action   reality winner is a hero  trump is a traitor  .
cracks in the wall   barbmcquade criticizing mueller for not making trump testify   barrreport.
the railroading of reality winner   report for political action .
 dineshdsouza just think what it will be like when trump wins in 2020   hopefully they will start banging their heads against a real wall.
 boucheetoreil  mennake  jcrichman  carnthetiges  tomwcleary  invaderalex i m a hc conservative and wall streeter a .
trump needa build that wall so i can forget about my last girl.
an innocent person doesnt say im fucked  muellers investigation was very limited in scope  but trump didnt kno .
 cjohnsonspider bs  we start impeachment proceedings  we have wall to wall live coverage of the hearings  overwhelm .
 realdonaldtrump the more we get into the report  the guiltier and guiltier this pos president is   its time for co .
 mitchelhoob walls that were destroyed  the berlin wall  the trump wall  that wall in game of thrones   walls that ar .
 blowryontv got was the inspiration for trump wall idea it seems.
 ggreenwald  guardian why do you have such a myopic focus when the mueller report revealed that trump has been dire .
5 6 dudes named sean think they bold cuz they drive their dads ford f 150 and have a trump flag on their bedroom wa .
pin this to your wall   wikileaks  trump  amp   sensanders are ru ops  .
 joeyforunity  dnehdar  markken52400083  ilhanmn damn i just saw your from california  i might as well be talking t .
i m far from talented when it comes to art  but i know many i follow have great talent  can someone please draw a w .
 barbiebrox  that dumb wall  arimelber you re insinuating hillary clinton was behind the papadopoulous meeting that .
 greta the news media and  realdonaldtrump fail to realize the cold war era never completely ended with russia  jus .
 muellerreport all this and president trump has still been able to keep us at peace  ignite the economy  shatter un .
 seabuteos  realdonaldtrump how do u know its a lie  amp  not just a time gaffe  if he were attempting 2 hide or b misc .
gop keeps referring the cost of the  mueller report as  25 million wasted  that is less than the cost of security f .
democrats help trump to build the wall  none of us is going to have a country if these people keep trying to impeac .
their public facebook group includes brian kolfage s  we build the wall  inc   former employees of kolfage say he p .
this has the same energy for when trump wanted  5 7 billion for the wall  .
 hard3sty  hcanes100 lmao      your twitter wall has references that obama tapped trump s phones and you re lecturing o .
remember when trump said he was building the wall almost 3 years ago now .
 debwarr12073237  cher  lwhaynes trump s wall is so funny  too   i am having a good laugh about that  because most .
 joshua4congress  justacointoss it would be hard  aipac and wall st supported the same cast of characters pulling t .
anyone find it funny that trump keeps stealing branding from a show about a failure of a wall  treason  deception  .
 dustopian more book deals  and she was popular again  huzzah  then  after trump got elected   which she obviously .
 senrickscott  sencapito but you dont mind trump taking money from our military to pay for his ego wall    you are .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump nothing reaches a crime and beat you head against the wall   trump has done good th .
 drwhoisin  marilynlavala  sweets10111  wagonknoggin  matron2020  macshivers  amwcb6179  shyanson  queenbettor .
 vjeannek  weaverpundit  thunderb  scotttbrower1  tonib  less tx  newyearsdani  tshartlord  rdbull fluxcore .
 ericswalwell     on the wall   trump 2020.
 back dafucup  nicoxw1  momautie  deepstateshu  neugierig 1  firegoddessb  talktomeforreal  mrsrabbitresist .
 nancyleegrahn just like there s no wall being built  trump hasn t been exonerated  he will just continue to regurgitate the same nonsense .
 palmerreport too bad so sad never happened this way trumps day is wonderful cleared of all charges now lets put u .
 jysexton  please follow and rt  how many kickbacks from that wall will somehow funnel back to the trump family   .
 blisstabitha so let me get this straight we have a person here who has degraded  trump for not building the wall y .
trump tries to build wall around mueller report                  barr .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal fairness .
 jonfavs part 2 or hopefully the prototype wall too keep out all the evil children and women the poshit president a .
all that money spent on trying to find out whether donald trump did something wrong and its just come up as a bust .
trump tries to build wall around mueller report                  barr .
trump tries to build wall around mueller report                  barr .
the voters should make congress pass a bill that gives president trump his first 2 years in office back      either a .
 jasonbeaz  davieroyarogers  kadelia  chadfelixg the amount of money the special investigation took wouldn t even c .
 lillirosa  shaunking  berniesanders democrats and republicans both support war  wall street  big pharma  locking k .
 jalford1493 i absolutely believe judge robert s doesn t want his court s legacy tied up in protecting trump  i don .
im surprised that you dont know that it is the democrats like nancy pelosi  amp  chucky schumer that is blocking the .
 vernajo16837980  berniethebest2 but had pelosi amp top dems only  many dems agree with the wall not hated trump so bad .
 thechrisbuskirk  adambaldwin the same group that told us for two years that trump colluded with russia  was tellin .
re  borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall .
re  borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall .
 richlowry who state tv fox        cnn  amp  msnbc are having all to wall coverage  amp  will all day  amp  all weekend       report is .
 aneetertweets we need to clear out these corporate clinton folks like pelosi who won t even entertain impeachment  .
no peace with nk  no wall  no exoneration  no making america great  ask trump what he did whilst he was in the whit .
 realsaavedra you are the trump wall.
 kaliijo  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump a wall is just more expensive  like 5 to 10 times more expensive  it s just w .
so i have a client that i was debating  usa politics with  including  buildthewall   she said a wall was ineffectiv .
 davidne99469223  anncoulter i m aware of that phrase     must be a lonely life  being  scorned  by trump because h .
bbc news   the butterflies that could stop trumps wall   .
 therickwilson ultimately  discussion with trump supporters is like trying to nail jello to the wall       they don t d .
 butterflywind  grand cru1  sankofascholar  rasthafareye  drlogicsupreme  ynb  urbantheory  peachesjenkins3 .
 sickboy8118  seanhannity nothing to do with trump      not one dollar has gone to his wall fence   literly  thanks obama .
 climatechgfan  tylerelives  stclairashley  realdonaldtrump the wall won t work at all  if you listen to any econom .
 lostinanart  realdonaldtrump nope  just a wall around trump .
 ckcs071  jim jordan medicare for all will bankrupt us  theres no problem with the 2nd amendment  trump gave vets .
 hvymetalnvestor agreed  the last one was about the wall  and had the font too    who knows why they keep doing it  g .
 speakerpelosi okay so what are you gonna do about     trump republicans rupert murdoch religious right wall st for .
 kenpenders no trump won and he has been doing better than any presidentwe have had in decades  unemployment is at .
 msnbc why would barr wreck his reputation for trump  he s part of the christian extremism dismantling democracy wi .
 repmattgaetz  stoughton sam  realdonaldtrump president trump is right   build the wall   fix the broken immigration law.
 jtoosuave  zach lovelady24  lexduenez  tkjidding calling me white washed is pretty ignorant if you like trump  you .
 eof34 this isn t even fair  politics aside  obama is a 50 year old guy who seems to be in decent shape  trump is o .
 buzzfeedben cont   obama saw the crowds that trump was getting at his rallies he was getting scared     this is were .
why the mfs that want trump to build the wall celebrates cinco de mayo .
 vernajo16837980  berniethebest2 verna i know your prob   thinking a million unknown illegals got in recently what s .
does anyone what happened to that money we sent to the guy in the wheelchair for trump s wall  i really want to know .
but to take your rage  amp  knowingly distribute false information  blaming immigrants  attempting to link your daughte .
 powerje  nycsouthpaw maybe  the opportunity to weaken and primary trump may bring about some changes in the wall of gop senators .
 anncoulter you re losing me ann  i know  you don t care about life itself until trump builds the wall  patience no .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal   so next .
 buzzfeedben cont   so  they figured they could lower the intelligence agency wall to get criminal activities on tr .
 kellyannepollsyou constantly spout these lies for this nasty disgusting con man trump   you know as well as i do t .
 chuckrossdc  seanmdav  peterjhasson  dailycaller yeah  buzzfeedben you going to apologize to the american people  .
 abc its my sincere advise mr trump u should now resign  this will be a tight slap on ur enemies  everyone never fo .
 donaldjtrumpjr democrats see the writing on the wall that many of them are going to be swept up in a new investiga .
 realdonaldtrump how s our wall coming along mr trump .
 tuxcedocat  speakerpelosi  housedemocrats she used a word that pres trump used      crisis     but she doesn t kno .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal  1 obstru .
we don t need signed contracts to see the writing on the wall  the  muellerreport lays bare that trump and co align .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex you mean so that trump construction can actually make money and so that you can profit o .
i wonder if now we can get the democrats to support building the wall now that they are boo hooing about how detrim .
kim jong un to visit putin as ties with u s  fray   the wall street journal  but cowardly lying moronic idiot trait .
 lukashintzman  berniesanders here we go with the debt bsers parade  trump on track now to kick the deficit into hy .
 jcblount ann like many of us want trump to keep his word  we want an end to citizens being replaced by foreign lab .
 realdonaldtrump  cnntonight  cnnbrk  msnbc  maddow  abc  nbc now its time to go after obama  clapper and brennan .
 ericswalwell you are not taking are guns and your not the one to fix our government we have a man in there that s .
 stevewoodsmall mark meadows is a trump puppethe tweeted  unprecedented desperation from the left  they went all i .
 realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump  repmaxinewaters it is obvious you have a trump university diploma hanging on your wall .
thanks  senkamalaharris for leading a letter to appropriators and calling for cuts to  ice  amp   cbp   thanks to .
 lawrence that plane that barr was landing hit trumps wall   amp  crashed  amp  burned  .
 rosen bigonesix  realdonaldtrump i have a question   when republicans and trump had control of the house and senat .
nothing more douchey than snarky conservatives trying to take a victory lap even though the writing is on the wall .
let s all hope sdny nails many trump cronies to the wall     maybe the orange pos himself  .
 pulsa48 mirror mirror on the trump wall     .
 barbiebrox  that dumb wall  arimelber his lawyers prepared the statements not the same as cooperation  mueller eve .
why  because our country and millions of people were already in deep trouble  they had nothing to lose by taking a .
what is trump going to say next is it  30 to enter to through the wall  realdonaldtrump.
 kylegriffin1 timing wise  when they got to the offices  they had a new agile post it on the wall that was virtuall .
 shaunking the investigation isn t do you like trump or not  it s did he collude with russia  no he didn t  your ta .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
trump and republican party suck kushner is behind not building wall and bringing more illegals kushner is  pos.
 diplo jv  phvmulligen belastingverl in ned lijkt mij nodig  echter niet onverantwoord zoals trump met een groot te .
 rpbp one thing here i m  happy  to see is something that says russia preferred trump        not that it ll matter  but .
 marklevinshow  patriotdreams good tweet   lifetime ca farmer looking for a united america under god  with the serv .
 jackposobiec chris wall ass is picking out the things in this report that are embarrassing for potus  i think hes .
 sensanders just like trump struggling for that wall and democrats don t help a bit you know how feels.
 repjerrynadler your a piece of trash do your job and give potus the funding to build the wall to protect the peopl .
 rayvray1013  that dumb wall  arimelber trump cooperated fully with the special counsel  that s not obstructing    yo .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
kennedy  ask not what your country can do for you         reagan  tear down this wall         obama  we are the ones w .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 via  nytopinion   is anyone pretending to be surprised by this news  after all that money c .
yup   trump isn t hitler  the us democracy is intact  and he s not a russian agent    also he s not the savior of the r .
 paulkrugman  paulwaldman1 hillary clinton ran on policy    she had websites to read hundreds of pages of policy wonk .
 jmoneyrichbitch at least notre damn is a respectable cause  i tweeted last week that some motherfuckers have donat .
 nikkihaley pelosi just doesn t get it  trump s attorney s were legally given access to the redacted version of the .
 neal katyal i saw your  msnbc interview  the word  collusion  is only used by trump  you must not have watched 2  .
 charliekirk11  skillern trump    taking money from the defense budget to build a stupid wall that s not going to stop anything .
i m with president trump  congress must support national security and fund the wall    im on team trump     fund thecwall    .
 realdonaldtrump amen president trump    it has to be done  not only for    you and your family   the american legal .
 kamalaharris its not enough for you  my guess is you never read it  selfish  ideologues are never satisfied  ever .
 jimmyclouds  senatorsinema  benshapiro  dhsgov help  trump build  wall  now    honesty gets  more votes so demoniz .
kim jong un to visit putin as ties with u s  fray   the wall street journal      trumps love for kim was not recipro .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 chrisgtwoagain  thehill instead of laughing out loud and trolling complete strangers on the internet  why don t yo .
thread  i find it amazing how  sensanders supporter has the audacity to come to my wall and attack me for talking a .
 db701  carolinesdad15  libsarecucks  texrex96  krassenstein trump has done nothing  hes pushed for an ineffective .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 brianstelter you gotta watch them for a minute just to get a laugh  it s impressive how aggressively stupid they a .
 duhhhbeave what we really need is someone who has white skin and is in politics to say this so other people will l .
trump really doesnt know any other words past wall  crooked  crook  and nasty  hunny  go to school and get yourself an education .
 fairimmigration i advised trump about national geographic s embedding their reporters with drug cartels and filmin .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal    there .
opinion   the fear of foreigners has much to do with trumps wall and  although less directly  with brexit and the .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal markets a .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 cycling1339 you are welcome to keep beating your head against the collusion wall  trump living rent free in your attic .
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall .
 hogangidley45  ggeett37aaa here s what s not acceptable to am citizens  pres trump is doing everything in his powe .
 ladyredwave she predicted president trumps win  since then shes been nothing but an irrational whiner  miles of .
heres an idea  build a wall around the white house  take out the door and watch trump flail around and eventually die like in the sims .
holy shit        i cant rt fast enough      the  muellerreport nails trump s ass to the fucking wall  .
 realdonaldtrump okay now i m scared  putin and foreign and domestic oligarchs and lobbyists groups control usa  tr .
 magickal0711 lol handwriting on the fucking wall he knows trump is going down and that s something coming from ric .
nothing is stopping trump  so false equity wall street is rising while commodities make new lows  the ignorant publ .
 realdonaldtrump through his faith in christ with nothing but sheer faith  strength  american pride  patriotism and .
 joe nca  julyjane  gladiatormoms  michaeldamsky  danpfeiffer trump 2020   build the wall   maga.
 magertje83  anncoulter she just wants the country left to its citizens  shes likes the idea of making america gre .
 cnnpolitics  cnnbrk they didn t want trump to talk to mueller face to face and neither did trump  i m guessing bec .
trump lives in a world of his own delusion  where he thinks he can declare his innocence  when it s clear he s guil .
the wall street journal reported that smiths efforts to obtain the e mails occurred in 2016  while hillary clinton .
 kylegriffin1 he then saw that a people magazine with trumps photo on the cover had been placed on his desk chair .
 boonemordecai  petebuttigieg if pete is not all in for single payer and condemning trump i am not interested in a wall sitter .
trump sweating bullets on diet coke sniffing powder up and if he build a wall we gonna bring that dope underground with us.
went to  cnn for ten seconds  and almost ripped my television off the wall   why are they such liars   rosenstein w .
 rubinreport probably because the wall in got was about as effective at stopping the whitewalkers as trumps wall w .
 climatechgfan  tylerelives  stclairashley  realdonaldtrump the economy is not roaring  it is average  the wall is .
 jenafriedman  forbes  dnc is in denial about how many people hate what they did with hillary clinton    dnc thinks .
broke  let s impeach trump for debunked russian collusion       woke  let s impeach trump because he hasn t built the wall .
 mijum941 i wasnt outraged 3 years ago because obama was actually trying to work on the most important stuff  trum .
democrats will have to purse trump s finances to set up the impeachment  putting republicans  backs against the wall .
 dcexaminer no disrespect  but this reporter probably needs to have a few more intern hours  she had one of the fir .
hey democrats   no collusion or obstruction    no impeachment crooked hillary clinton lost get over it   god bless .
our president  amp  republican party doing their job on immigration  no plan for dropping off migrants in yuma az  bus .
 jf2991nbf  berniesanders but as you said the last ten presidents could have done the things you think trump did  t .
 1stubborngirl note to trump   dont plant trees near boarder wall .
 lukesanthouse at least my stadium doesn t include trump s wall .
mueller report says  fairness concerns  prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal .
 danpfeiffer but its not illegal because trump didn t ask first   its like you caught two kids coloring on the wall .
 gkeile yes i quit following her  however i noticed a recent post of hers blasting fox news about this  i dont kno .
 getready21stc  senschumer  realdonaldtrump we are going to build a big  beautiful wall with your money    trump 2020.
your not paying attention  you should have your information right before you tweet something stupid  congress won t .
 speakerpelosi the problema is that even the  muellerreport is mainly a wall of scapegoats to protect trump  all th .
 cavsbuckeyes this whole picture just screamed  build that wall  while telling me to leave the country if i don t l .
thrones demolished the wall in the season following trump s election so idk why he keeps using this reference  .
pay close attention to whom the sunday shows give a platform this weekend    i d bet good money that our  liberal med .
baby trump is having a cow over  jaketapper coverage  oh to be a fly on the wall of that dirty den of thieves  .
 aiiamericangiri  foxnews i thought she was so concerned about building the wall and has been savaging trump      b .
mueller report says fairness concerns prevented obstruction judgment on trump   the wall street journal  does thi .
 lsunnyville  berniesanders yes  it features an all star cast including the koch brothers  bushs  trump  mcconnel  .
historic presidential quotes       jfk  ask not what your country can do for you  but what you can do for your county .
 samwhitetky im not saying we should do what they do  the lies  the cheating  the utter destruction of innocent pe .
trump is like the toddler with marker all over himself and the wall  sayingid didnt do it  we already know he d .
 realdonaldtrump  sad  sad  sad  very sad  lame duck president donald j trump desperately calling to his base  su .
i digress  my point is  i think  while conservatives are eating tiny cucumber sandwiches 4 afternoon tea the left a .
someone should tell trump that his wall would be useless in  gameofthrones .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog  cfpb into financial  literacy program    .
so to sum up so far  trump didnt obstruct he built a wall         impeach.
nope    after 2 1 2 years ive had enough    president trump is still the president  im good with that       now  i want .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5 no one who cares about  maga  not me  not trump  is comfortable .
 znewsnet something is up with coulter  i find it hard to believe she has lost her mind just  over the wall  d trum .
 spicyfiiesredux  repcummings most of us want trump to continue to make america great and not be subject to  wall t .
trump appointed nikki haley as ambassador to the un  trump closed the plo office in washington dc  president trump .
 realdonaldtrump tic toc trump  you are guilty as hell and you know it  your wall is closing in on you  tic toc    .
 yrachetajm  geegeebythesea as the daughter of a police officer  i can honestly say that my dad stood miles above .
great book  worth reading  former cia analyst  mgurri argues that social media has given the public power to organi .
 realdonaldtrump now he can proceed with the tasks at hand  build the wall  make america great again by stopping il .
 anncoulter i support a wall 100  and think it is the top issue facing our country    despite your criticism  i giv .
 anncoulter       you think you can put a technicality in trump s plan over the lives of american babies           trump ha .
 realdennislynch  realdonaldtrump  barackobama  hillaryclinton yes  time to take the focus off of trump  so he can .
 krassinstien  edkrassen can we get a timeline on when they re going to prison  no need to screenshot it  i m sure .
trump  ryan assured me there would be funding for wall   thehill .
christy  amp  i just had the best idea    why dont we set up a taco  stand at trumps wall   then the mexicans can se .
 anncoulter what s the matter  comrade coulter        couldn t handle all the winning        you d rather see dead american .
a 5 minute read that s informative  witty and free  that s morning brew  the daily email that delivers the latest .
 anncoulter outrageous  even for ann coulter  to consider backing bernie sanders  amp  dismissing all the achievements .
 30m and 2 years wasted   how many schools could be built with that money   how many roads repaired   how many mile .
trump wants to steal money to build a wall  he wants to cancel nafta  amp  proliferate nukes to saudi arabia  he wants .
 saban girl  pithyandwitty youre right  just as barr stated  he felt upset and angry do that means no obstruction  .
 bbqgoat1968 so youre saying trump confiscates money at gunpoint to pay for his weekend golf trips to florida  and .
 anncoulter so a vote for socialism because you don t like that trump hasn t been able to build the entire wall yet .
i don t even understand why the trump administration is clinging to the  gameofthrones visuals  have they  like  ev .
 wwp dc  whitehouse  wwp donald is taking 1 billion dollars from army  projects for his wall    2 3 billion from navy .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5 key word being bipartisan  trump does not unilaterally control t .
california hispanic s pro trump and pro wall  via  youtube.
when trump got elected  amp  talked of tax reform i it would have huge implications for wall st  as pe firms became cor .
if trump had follow through         the complaint that now unites  resisters and the conservatives in the gop who are .
this is not only trump s wall    this is our wall  too bad but its late .
 stephenathome presidential quotes through history        ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do .
 stevedeaceshow and yet non of this crap changes the fact that trump has uosed this distraction to  obstruct we the .
 msnbc  juliaeainsley trump administration inhumanity again coming into fuller view   must remain vigilant against .
 tobygetsbuckets the night king tore down the wall  so trump could build his .
 jimsciutto presidential quotes through history        ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do fo .
 chrisleone5 no obstruction looks like theres no wall after all time to pack up ship and go to the yang gang trump has failed us.
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex i had a typo  also i m as dumb as trump so    build a wall that can easily be torn down .
 realdonaldtrump obama s wall   yes  remind them it s obama s wall  also  for all your suppo .
 senthomtillis  usarmy timid tillis the cowardly constitutionalist      it would be more encouraging if you hadn t aban .
 firinglineshow  anncoulter ann coulter   you have no idea why we have a huge surge of illegals right now   it s be .
 jonfavs presidential quotes through history        ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for y .
 realjameswoods im white    use my reparations towards our american wall and trumps 2020 campaign fund   just split it 50 50      thanks .
 tcard16  brandondarby there will be no wall  trump already admitted that  citizens need to rethink whether we want .
presidential quotes through history        ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your count .
when trump campaigns in 2020  whoever his opposition candidate is  he s going to complain that they don t have the .
 juliereichwein1  lordbyron2715 i blocked her back in 2017 when she had a daily countdown of president trump s days .
 ivankatrump  usaid  worldcocoa   realdonaldtrump speechless  i didnt vote for trump so i could fund woman dominat .
 lucyflores everyone who is complaining about trump  are those who refused to endorse bernie and they have to live .
 amygharris  senschumer mcconnell won t do either one  trump could care less about a budget that doesn t include bi .
 realtylerzed she must have flipped out  i can hardly  believe it  and i don t know what her problem is  i know she .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall .
 realdonaldtrump meanwhile  no wall  wasted two years of a super majority  spends more time securing sovereignty fo .
nice to know that definitively the russians intereferred with our elections  not some fat guy laying in his bed in .
 oh  mueller report released  i wonder if trump is freaking out  or radio silence again        his wall is full of anti .
this being done at the request of trump sounds awfully illegal to me  peter smith ended up  committing suicide  by .
 krassenstein  in 2004  trumpdelivered advicethat now resonates with new meaning  telling graduating seniors at w .
why don t everyone piss off and leave donald j trump alone  the mulleuer report has cleared any collusion so why do .
 gtconway3d  in 2004  trumpdelivered advicethat now resonates with new meaning  telling graduating seniors at wag .
 anncoulter so youre upset that trump didnt keep his promise to build the wall  have you not been keeping up with .
 oldthinkertube  walshfreedom are you denying the wall situation   president trump promised to drain the swamp  and .
 realdonaldtrump  in 2004  trumpdelivered advicethat now resonates with new meaning  telling graduating seniors a .
mueller report is released to congress   the wall street journal  barrcoverup  barrpressconference barr should resi .
mueller report is released to congress   the wall street journal   mueller report  gt  gt  gt  trump committed  abuse of pow .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann  in 2004  trumpdelivered advicethat now resonates with new meaning  telling gradu .
 bellenoirepoppy  walshfreedom well poppy  i know mr  trump is keeping his promises he made  all but the wall  and .
 ladyredwave i think ann has a screw loose    first she was a die hard trump supporter and then turned on him becau .
indigenous activists set up protest camp at south texas cemetery to stop trumps wall  via  popresistance.
 jackposobiec ok  so now that this nonsense is over  and trump is now fully and truely acting pres   can we serve supeneas and build a wall .
 realdonaldtrump the corrupt democrats have certainly harassed our so successful   president trump   but  we independ .
 tdjenn  arifleischer  realdonaldtrump  gop trump wins  usa economy best in near 20 yrs  lowest minority unemployme .
ann coulter hints at surprising 2020 election possibility  shes upset with trump about not building the wall   doe .
 fisheye view  iamlucretiamott so true   i love the way you put that   goptaxscam hurt so many of us  and mcconnell .
 sykescharlie  roger that  stone connection indictment trial is still on going       plus stone wall  s wikileaks trump .
i agree  were reliving the duplicity barr practiced 30 years ago  barr is a  corruptlyingsycophant        i dont trus .
first note  there is a 100 page long section titled       iv  russian government links to and contacts with the trump c .
 realdonaldtrump so here s an idea for trump and his troops  how bout  before we build a giant  keep out   wall  1s .
listening to  america s   attorney general   it seems trump s wall is going to come crumbling down .
 pretty much every time i try to look at any part of it that mentions trump  i just see a wall of   stickie .
 gaijingirl2004 wall street is behind this guys fundraising  he represents the same limousine liberal elite that gave us donald trump .
 spectatorindex that s why trump wants to build the wall.
 dkmorris0204  teamnguns  real defender  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews there is no new wall  it s all fence anyway .
were excited to welcome a number of schools from outside the uk to join the  burnetnewsclubs discussion around bo .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump time to move your attention back to the wall boys     captaincocksuckersteins   0   trump   .
 washingtonpost poor fools trump balls are nailed to the wall  the grand jury is still in session .
 realdonaldtrump no matter what trump does they say bad things about him is just jealousy  amp  stupidity he is a great .
 politicalshort most americans would agree that the democrats have been grossly negligent wasting 2 years and  35m .
what new abomination against humanity will  trump drop today to divert attention away from the  muellerreport  i am .
 realdonaldtrump we love ya mr  president     thanks for standing thru this storm tall and strong     now please bu .
waiting for the sound of collusion and i hear none  this distracts from trump s actual mistakes  his views on vacci .
 mar awol  rmconservative  realdonaldtrump trump is literally the only president who didnt an audit on the pentago .
 realderekutley  realdonaldtrump this poll needs a third option   undecided   whether i vote for trump in 2020 depe .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst then why arent you voting funds to build the wall      you want illegals .
 morning joe  petebuttigieg randall terry  just another plma     pro life my ass wingnut hypocrite  .
so my coworker just said        trump better get his wall     its to protect us  but not from illegals    its from th .
 extrumpvoter  jeffreyguterman americans are being trashed today to protect a criminal  barr must really think amer .
 tjcnj  pollsterpatrick    but it had nothing to do with trump  so what s your point  there is no  trump russia pro .
 zacakamadu  am2dm  lucyflores  ourrevolution hi  my name s zac  amp  i don t respect women       i think my values are the .
 hitler would have line them all up with his firing squad    president trump has been too nice    build the wall and se .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe  .
 lindowitz  frostbarnes  washingtonpost its been working great  we got our house back and 1 by 1 rid gotten trump .
 metalmadness66  politico we will start on the southern boarder  which funny  dems supported a wall and tougher imm .
 jimmy mac nj  pgl0972  petebuttigieg god also doesnt approve of turning away young children fleeing persecution  .
idk why trump supporters wanna put up the wall  walls are what killed dale earnhardt.
 nationalist kag  jamierodr14 youd vote for open borders bernie after you screamed at trump for not building the .
media  amp  dnc so invested in a specific outcome of the  muellerreport    which was to exonerate their own roles in ge .
 flysoulflower  talibkweli  beyoutifullg  dillardvicki 1  trump says hes the  least racist  person on the planet  d .
 drnealhouston  mariabartiromo  morningsmaria  foxbusiness it s probable we will see lots more than just wanting to .
 speakerpelosi i would like to know more about the trump tower meeting  fly on  wall .
 krassenstein trump got his wall      its barr .
 majorpoonia  ecisveep  bjp4india  narendramodi just like trump builds wall across us borders  we need to build wal .
aaaannnndddd     seconds after ag barr finishes his presser  amp  trump defender session  the president of the united s .
has anyone else noticed that with trump s obvious signs of dementia that he rebuts so many of his arguments in the .
why don t liberals talk about how trump is doing the same insane economy as obama  you know the one that lies about .
 glasseyeballs  talibkweli  beyoutifullg  dillardvicki lol she said there is nothing wrong with being an immigrant  .
 sharons80203722  anncoulter she s been right alot  i tend to agree with her alot as well  trump is not awful   but .
 walshfreedom hes also handing the redacted report to congress as trump will speak to wounded warriors of all peop .
 kamalaharris we will have justice when we build the wall      keep america great      trump 2020     .
 adamcbest will trump be turned into a whitewalker   as he  disappears into the  blizzard in the north beyond his w .
 alaskamanak1  toffeedan  realdonaldtrump i d love to be a fly on the wall when a trump supporter realizes how they ve been played .
 theredmantiseye  cnn the most sinister part of this is the distraction aspect  i hold trump dems gop responsible f .
 trump continues to erroneously insist only a wall will assure the nations safety   .
 aflorent95  robbiegibbonsco  miketanier in terms of having a wall up they are  but the vast majority of the left i .
president trump is definitely guilty of neglecting his central campaign promise  a wall .
 walterscherie  trueeyethespy look man im fingers crossed on it   but im not holding my breath   the only major t .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst booker is such an idiot  president trump is trying to make america as a w .
 mel faith1  blondie patriot i dont want them brought in period  defeats the purpose of a wall  however i know why .
 wall or  nowall poll will be open for 12 more hours for any interested in participating   use the link to cast you .
 npr that will be not very useful  the  mullerreport  is a little more than a wall of scapegoats to protect trump a .
 potus hmm  in 2004  trump delivered advice that now resonates with new meaning  telling graduating seniors at wagn .
 repmarkmeadows have you read the report  reviewed the facts  of course not  you are the one throwing stuff at the .
 repjasoncrow build the wall   then you wont have so many in these centers  it was good for obama it should be good for trump.
 arthurschwartz  johncardillo wonder what maddow will do tonight  cry while throwing darts a trump s picture on the wall .
 juddlegum at the risk of being defeatist as long as barr is there trump wins  trump actually got a wall in barr  b .
i guess the wall only pertains to the middle class and poor people cuz if you re rich you re above the law and trum .
 repmarkmeadows what youre seeing is unprecedented desperation from trump and the gop       they went all in on protec .
my prediction about trump s speech   no collusion  no obstruction   followed by a 20 minute ramble about how large .
 joesixpacksays3  appsame ive never been a fan but now shes gone off the deep end  i love ppl who have no idea  a .
hilarious that pretty much the only negative review  hadestown got was from the trump lovin  nypost  that why we .
 sbg1  davidcorndc there s one question now   wheresmueller    either he s a patriot or a coward  reveal which    clear .
this is 2016  amp  the forcing of a big corp wallst friendly candidate by the elite dems all over again  this is why we .
 the trump train build another wall against leftist asap .
this is a wonderful breakdown by  hollysnelling on how trump s plan to build a  big  beautiful wall  has gone wrong .
if i wanted to live under a dictatorship  i at least expect my dictator to be smart  amp  charming and makes you forget .
 repmarkmeadows fixed it  a good theme to look for in politics  when you have the facts  pound the facts  when you .
 nancylee2016 god bless president trump  4 more years  build the wall  kick little rocket  man in the ass  keep .
chinas soya purchases hog tied by african swine flu        despite the announcement to china wall now buy more pork fr .
 dumptrump33  realdonaldtrump as trump faces towards his winterloo beyond the foggy wall  yes   the white walker awaits   game over .
 justiz28097899  jadenwoods30  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump the wall around trump and the rest of you trumpsters  sure .
 public citizen sorry to say but the words  no criminal intent  are the most powerful legal defence possible to shi .
 trump nhl i wish i could argue  but nobody knows defense quite like you  any way you could fund a wall on our goal line .
coulter wouldnt have anything to say if she wasnt riding the coattails of the latest news reel  used trump until .
 anncoulter  marksimoneny get your head right ann  your  scorned woman  routine of late is old now  trump couldn t .
 davidfrum the muller report is just a wall of scapegoats to protect trump and barr only interest is to defend trum .
 cameron kasky 1 since nixon  gop has relied on dog whistles to the racists which decent republicans pretended not .
 sheriffclarke pelosi will think differently if the victim of illegal crime was her relative  that s why she doesn  .
 abc13houston is a confirmation that someone on trump administration is paying immigrants to spread the word that t .
yuma az should have fought the socialist nazi democrats on illegals along with trump but instead they chose to clai .
 drawandstrike sorry i m late  i sat on my bed in a towel for 45 minutes staring at the wall  what d i miss  have they arrested trump yet .
 addisonwil55  realdonaldtrump  potus you really think the mueller special counsel cost the same as a wall across n .
 catturd2 5th best       1  trump won 2016   2  trump win 2020   3  hillary in handcuffs   4  wall finished and all illegals gone.
 jonniola  repjerrynadler  housejudiciary i don t need answers  i heard all i needed when bob mueller so no collusi .
 realdonaldtrump wall street thinks trump is guilty      stocks fell after barr press conference.
 team mitch  jimkuther he betrayed president trump and his voters   no wall  no legislation to deport dacas  no fun .
im pleased that the mueller report has not been malevolent  trump is inherently filthy  light reveals without scor .
 bustthegop  mattrellen  john12snow  trumpbane1969  ghostoftick  tigertomjr  duncombe cher  botulismhoney .
 nprpolitics  npr barr is only working not for the country but for trump even the muller report is most a wall of s .
trump  collusion  trump  obstruction damn it    seems  democrats have hit a wall        trumpcolluded    barrcoverup .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall .
 aoc then help trump fix the immigration issue and start with the wall  that is what trump is doing  stop talking and do something.
 kairyssdal is anyone overseeing wall st at this point   the only news i hear from sec work includes  elonmusk and .
 dustiedahl  jason2956  potus  ilmforg democrats at it again and again and again      they should working with our .
trump has built a barrier around him with those just as corrupt as he is  we should never expect to hear anything d .
 anncoulter i saw a story that you would vote for bernie sanders  hope its fake news  you know trump is doing what .
 davidundfsioux  fmkermitthinks if he toned down the socialist talk and promised to build a wall and deport illegal .
 aiiamericangiri  foxnews if the report about you voting for sanders is true  you re a phony republican   also if t .
 jriley8832 white man identity groups want the brown people behind a wall   trump panders to them .
70  of wall street thinks trump will be reelected in 2020 .
 realdonaldtrump  potus go trump    build that wall.
it appears donald trump is being sent to the wall to live out his days as a celibate crow  seems a reasonable compr .
 michaelapawlak so just curious you dont want trump to build the wall .
indigenous activists set up protest camp at south texas cemetery to stop trumps wall  via  popresistance.
 brianstelter trump voter here   what is an example of a daily deception   we voted reluctantly for him bcz we ho .
 maddow i absolutely despise trump and all things associated with him  but i am glad that muellers report isnt co .
every time i see the replies to a donald trump tweet i just want to hit my head against a brick wall until goo comes out.
 realdonaldtrump  potus democrats  especially pelosi  remember what treason is   no president should have to take t .
barr erects a screen  amp  performs in front of it like trump performs in front of the wall  so far  the affair is deve .
trump go fuck yaself  we need to build a wall from you and twitter man  nobody want to see this cancer on their tim .
the butterflies that could stop trumps wall .
trumps wall .
 espinsegall i told you  the putin federalists trump coup is complete  mueller and barr are bffs  the fix has alway .
she s not going 2 do that      conservatives buy her books    new book coming is my bet    but i agree with the love hate .
 realdonaldtrump thank you president trump for being the wall between the swamp  amp  we the people  youre an inspirat .
 annoyedyaderhey  realdonaldtrump you are banging your head against a wall    they cannot will not read it  to them i .
has trump seen what happens to the wall in got  .
donald trump asked elon musk to rebuild the notre dame with a fire proof wall around it.
 sethcotlar well  right now everybody is excited about the show because the entire kingdom was kept safe by a giant .
in like ten years if the planet is still habitable  a film about the trump white house a la  the wolf of wall stree .
trump requested no redactions  all of you conspiracy nutjobs in media trying to steer our ship away from the truman .
its official  we have the most honest  forthright  dedicated  hardworking  patriot in dc  thank president trump fo .
 erictrump  realdonaldtrump i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our troops  bringing back the jobs  .
so proud that twitter is starting to wake up to the corruption and these guys who manipulate  crypto      hint   these .
    sanctuarycities  liberalismisamentaldisorder  liberalhypocrisy  illegalaliens  wall .
 tomsteyer wow  thinking pink floyd the wall people prosecuting convicting trump for having feelings of an almos .
trump s wall made a cameo in game of thrones episode 8 1  .
 ethereumweekly  constcrepe i agree with that        i dont think anyone doesnt  trump promises a wall  he has failed .
 thedemocrats open your eyes people we have a crisis   and a wall   president trump continues to keep his word and .
 realdonaldtrump love watching  maga nuts falsely celebrate  like they falsely celebrated trump care  the wall .
 mmpadellan  realdonaldtrump bahahahahaha     cry  cry  cry  thank you president trump for making america great aga .
 realdonaldtrump no trump for 2020 he is a waste   send him over the wall .
 realtylerzed trump said he was going to build a wall    democrats stop him from doing so       ann says it s trumps faul .
trump needs to put an end to this scam  he announced that we are the largest producer of petroleum in the world now .
trump declares for house  lannister  says tywin was right and if he had built the wall no dragon could have destroy .
so  it appears that trump already built  the wall   but instead of brick or concrete  it s constructed of redaction .
trump is a  gameofthrones fan so now his wall makes a lot more sense .
after security meeting  trump admits possibility of russian hacking  via  nytimes  realdonaldtrump illegitimate  .
 talbertswan  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump you must realllly love trump     i bet you have a trump poster on your wall.
trump calls coulter  wacky nut job  over wall criticism   cnn video  another instance that t .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
trump wins and rebuilds the wall  .
 realdonaldtrump they wont let it be over  now they going to go after your taxes  democrats are the enemy of ameri .
 jby888  thegreenparty time to call up the white house  aoc and democrats want a green new deal  trump and republic .
 aaronridindirty  shelly2161  alllibertynews  faustknowsbest  itsmycountryto1  paulg16808960  ronecid  riceman79 .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump no wall  no healthcare  taxes went up  north korea launching more missiles while tr .
 12deamon  corkerytj  realdonaldtrump im not fighting any wars  its just common sense  heres some trumps campai .
 cher  via nytimesarts trump may not believe in climate change but starving people crashin .
 cnn the only thing missing from this trump rally are the chants of lock her up and build that wall   .
 speakerpelosi nancy pelosi you need to be impeached   trump 2020   best president ever  you and the democrats are .
 realtylerzed shes saying that to scare trump  the dems would be smart to pick up immigration as an issue  instead .
he wont even need deutschbank loans  hell use the entire american treasure for it  hum  maybe no more build the .
 seanbhoy2011  thehoopsfan  steviegc01872  clydessb oh so papers apologise for every misprint do they  didnt reali .
 realdonaldtrump .
 senmcsallyaz wasted time and energy  trump is a mobster and his administration doesn t have a spine and supports h .
hmm  this may explain why trump wants his wall  .
 luciusringwald  whurensohn  r2017girl  radbrad43044021  ianlstrain  bigsw1  resistancered1  patriciamillin .
 pemalevy key point             see donald j trump jr.
 chiproytx 100s of millions of dollars in trump travel for golf and personal business trips   trump his kids and hi .
trumps useless wall wouldnt stop americans such as the 31 doctors  7 pharmacists  8 nurse practitioners  and 7 ot .
right  what if trump proposed to build his wall out of recycled electronic parts  ocean and land based single use p .
rt thehill  bill weld on president trump   he has a one word environmental policy  hoax  a one word immigration pol .
 realdonaldtrump it isn t harassment dumbo when you are guilty as sin and you are guilty as sin  we will give you y .
 maggienyt and then goes on to clear trump and his administration         i would love to be a fly on the wall on mueller s thoughts right now .
we need to build a 30ft wall between ag barr  amp  criminal trump white house to halt forbidden  sharing of special co .
dems    media lied to u  trump s chances to win   trump told truth    media lied to u  o spied on trump    trump told truth .
 rightwinglawman  gaye gallops  anncoulter her anti trump rhetoric is showing   she claims trump s first promise wa .
 caulk steven  jrodrigues2304  realdonaldtrump i don t know about that  your con man  trump is pretty panicky this .
 realdonaldtrump here are a few other great hoaxes     a big beautiful wall will be built    all illegals will be dep .
livestream   the night before the barr storm  via  youtube reason is because barr is protect .
 aweiner12  aliciafeiock22  jaketapper  cnn so odd that you do not see that obama got approved for a wall  just nev .
 team mitch you have not done enough   no wall  no healthcare  still have 200 of trumps nominees not confirmed     .
 westxgal  gaetasusan she bitches about trump not building the wall but with bernie she would not get the wall at a .
 msavaarmstrong mr trump has extrasensory perception he doesn t need my tweet he is reading my mind low taxes  more .
 berniesanders my vision of wall construction housing would not be too expensive people needed to administrate immi .
 realdonaldtrump democratic party does not care about america  they need to get rid of the loophole asap  stop ille .
 cnn if it s news about trump  he ll use it  throughout his reelection campaign we ll hear about    the report  cro .
 buzzfeednews no other president has tolerated russian troops in our hemisphere  venezuela    while trump builds a .
trump isnt trying to build a wall  trump is trying to activate the infinite tsukuyomi.
 viejojudio  gopchairwoman  trumps feed trump politicized the wall so hes never going to get it  he made it a divi .
 aroberts3016 so she turned on trump over the wall and then says she d vote for a socialist who hates the wall and .
 pushforward40 doesn t surprise me  she bitched about the wall just to be bitching and now that pres  trump is doin .
they must insert a stupid chip for every politician when they go to washington dc  looks like trump got his stupid .
can trump really fool the weak minded that easy  pumping wall street with massive debt is exactly what that insane .
 robchristie11  foxnews a woman scorned         if all it takes is trump not giving ann counter what she wanted relativ .
 cmclymer what if barr comes out  stands in front of the mic and says   f ck all this sh t  i can t take trump any .
 centerleftcoas1 i don t know  seems most think that once we beat trump  everything is gonna be just great        all o .
bbc news   the butterflies that could stop trumps wall .
if trump were a fraction as smart as he claims to be  he would have sold ad space in the mueller report to pay for his stupid wall .
 realdonaldtrump  potus  vp    president trump  we deplorables love you  amp  vp pence  and america needs you around for .
 nationalist kag  gaye gallops well she is a never trumper and sorry i never saw her as a conservative   her views .
trump  were gonna build the wall and    me    .
 fmkermitthinks if sanders were smart  he would promise to build a wall  if he did that  he d give a trump a run fo .
im no president tweet fan  but this headline is a bit misleading   dont think hes that concerned about a bunch o .
 gregorydeantodd the plan stuff is inconsequential because our government can t even pass budgets these days  all o .
 jimrcottage  itsmesveta88 that is the trump agenda  complete the wall and reinforce discouraging south americans f .
 adoreskittens  jeremyconklin3  repjerrynadler why    every single indictment by mueller had nothing to do with tru .
 westxgal  viperz27 yeah because bernie would build her wall     shes looking for a new audience since trump supporte .
 rwpusa  grete4rights nothing inspires trump but the idea of him being able to put his name on a building or a wall .
 iamjumpingin  thetenorman theres hardly any new miles of wall being built  but already existing walls fencing bei .
 mondays are moving day for san diegos homeless   wall street fake numbers are growing  the .
 ryangirdusky in other news   the word wall has vanished from trumps vocabulary .
p s  the biggest news coming out of the itc s new report on the usmca won t be the headline gdp etc numbers  it ll .
 josesphscoat  ingrahamangle  realdonaldtrump please show us on this chart when wall street understood obama was go .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe   etf  tracker.
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann that s all trump is  hoax and wall .
 billoreilly trump doesn t need any help   he has lied   he is individual 1   he pays off porn stars in the oval of .
 krassenstein they have taken wall street  and are forcing totally fake numbers and prices  anyone that went goes t .
 the decline of kmart   what happened     yes wall street is fake and washington dc knows it .
watch  retail chains  amp  store closures in 2019     fake news won t report that wall street is .
lavanya arvind draws parallels between donald trumps wall and the great hedge which was erected across india durin .
 schmonj  dueckman123 the point of the story is that the mueller report apparently doesn t matter in the minds of w .
 why victorias secret is closing dozens of stores    wall street should really rally on thi .
watch  the downfall of shopko   retail documentary  amp  analysis    wall street believes juicin .
 top 10 companies that went bankrupt    juicing wall street to new highs doesn t fix a bad e .
 best documentary of the housing market crash  of 2019     inside the meltdown   behind the big short  .
 claybigley i think trump has done wonders for this country  he s a president that has done everything he said he w .
i think we should take this one day and purposely ignore this guy  we should call it national ignore trump day  we .
herman cain   my voice is needed  to counter fed and its  professor standard     cain would fi .
medicare for all  trump loss  tax increases on corporations 15 an hour  smoke that wall street .
watch  nearly 5000 u s  stores closing already in 2019  mass debt and bankruptcy    wall str .
 realdonaldtrump president trump build the wall .
watch  nearly 70  california residents can t afford a home at today s prices  on youtube  pu .
 soyboy99475553 give back across  the wall you illegal  immigrant  build the wall trump 2020 .
saying that you support trumps wall and then turning around and saying that you arent racist does not add up  you .
  mtpfirstread nails today given ambiguity gleaned from past polling  expect wall to wall coverage  a cascade of w .
trumps wall will not prevent americas diversity boom  via  brookingsinst.
 davidwaddell5  meatcop2 coulter is definitely nuts  trump has been trying to build a wall through the all out obst .
goldman sachs thinks trump has a  narrow advantage  heading into 2020  probably the wall street consensus  would ta .
 mike sell  andyostroy  therickwilson  realdonaldtrump that s what will happen  but not because trump is innocent  .
trumps arguments about the wall are mostly exaggerated or false .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex president trump  i m wounding why north korea is testing weapons  also i m fight for the .
trump s wall arguments .
 obama had 21 trillion dollars missing during his 8 years  you think maybe pelosi can go aft .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 presssec lol loler    davos man  cayman ireland man  joshua tree man  media mogul man  e u  consortium man   who b .
 tax the rich  an animated fairy tale    this explains wall street    news  wallstreet .
 dev0ra so you like the no progression democrats  you know where wall street does great and you get nothing  that v .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall       .
 realdonaldtrump god bless you president trump    thanq for maga  draining the swamp  and building our wall   .
trump and pelosi are giving jordan and israel 5 3 billion for a wall     you are paying for .
the video that pelosi doesn t want you to see    she gave 5 3 billion dollars of your money .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal   .
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump and trump is building the wall  why you dont take iligals to you re house .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  oann i do not like your racist ways   i do not like your hate for gays  i do not like yo .
what  what  what  pelosi is giving 5 3 billion dollars for a wall       realdonaldtrump .
 edkrassen and trump is trying to steal 10 billion from other much needed projects to build his disgusting memorial wall             .
i heard trump needs a wall  .
 horationelson0  plainprocess  jamiebrysoncpni she is very 3rd most powerful politician in america  she s the reaso .
 rhonda harbison  ekrankenstein  markdistef rhonda  trying to reason with a sheeple from the cult of traitor trump .
 teapainusa france should demand that for each donation to rebuild notre dame there should be a donation to rebuild .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump nancy  nancy  nancy are you scared  the truth will come out   you buddies obama cla .
this is a wonderful breakdown by  hollysnelling on how trump s plan to build a  big  beautiful wall  has gone wrong .
trump lies about job numbers  same as obama  trump works for wall street not the american people  same as obama  .
 iamjumpingin ann ceased to be relevant in my eyes when she started bashing trump about the wall   having made a care .
wall street is fake and needs to be shut down  trump won t do it  he wants to continue having the fed juice it just .
trump is running the same obama s economy  lie about job numbers and juice wall street with endless debt  we have t .
trump and pelosi work for wall street not you  wall street doesn t want a wall because they want your wages to stay .
 thehill does that include the whole trump administration for stealing americans property to build their unnecessary wall   deporttrump.
think about trump and pelosi just signed a bill giving jordan and israel 5 3 billion for a wall that we the taxpay .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
wall street doesn t care about the american workers or chinese workers  so why should we care about any trade deal .
so  speakerpelosi  senschumer this is who you are fighting for in your fight against the wall  your hatred for .
 proxcee i know she relies on shock jock type stuff to stay relevant  but she has a total hard on for the wall and .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 thedude2807  kylekulinski  mikegravel people didn t vote for trump because of the wall  the ban  the tax cut or re .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump yes and obama failed to do the job  trump using the obama wall money with his approved .
 realdonaldtrump nothing has been done to help the middle class and the poor  wall street maybe doing well due to t .
 yorkshirealexx  kylekulinski  mikegravel the people are listed in the article just read it       trump was nothing but .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
horrors   trumps runaway kowtow to swampy big money  gop donors from oil patch hits a brick wall in s carolina tha .
 skynewsbreak donald trump  just build a goddam wall that ll keep those pesky irish out of ireland .
 chrisalbertolaw  crooksandliars barr acts as a political strategist to protect trump   the republican party acts a .
 andrewtimoni  leorules1  angry40478144  landonw 6  tomilahren for real there are so many yankees moving down here .
 kylekuzma the trump  sic  would take the restoration money to build a useless wall that ll be forgotten in 850 years .
i cannot believe these people agree with trump building the wall  i cannot  like seriously       america is not jerusal .
 itsmecathi  realdonaldtrump let s just hope that trump doesn t try to build a wall around notre dame   .
 xolani79 am talking about north america united states trump is tightening boarders and even planning to build the .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 resister mike  trump is so old  his baby pictures were drawn on a cave wall .
maybe  trump can build a  wall around these 7 states too  they all went for  trump  .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch they all tryed to do a hit on u mr trump an eye for an eye expose them i like .
 westxgal  trumpsgagirl ann has been flirting with reality for some time   her rantings about the wall were daily a .
trumps tweet about obamas wall and why it doesnt make sense   via  smedian network  writing  politics  writer .
 frankstein1996 shes totally ignoring the part the legislative branch plays in building the wall  shes a never tr .
 empireofthekop who needs trumps wall we we got this lad  beef  .
give it up dorkin  you ve been predicting trump s impeachment for 2 years now  you are like someone in an insane as .
 realdonaldtrump trumps folly is not yet being built   that is at least a year away   what is being done now is re .
i predict that the dems are at the wall ready to jump   but they turn chicken and say that trump build that they h .
 lyssasavedra  llwpilkenton  edwardashton30  realdonaldtrump  randpaul covfefe  that s what that means  glad i coul .
 anncoulter what has happened to you ann coulter now you might consider supporting bernie the socialist  and migh .
so youre making fun of nerd culture  lemme guess youre a trump supporter huh   byild the wall  1 1  .
i love that he has no issues calling trump out as the criminal he is despite the fact that his wife is employed by .
 speakerryan  vickimarble you forgot that all of those barriers were erected by  realdonaldtrump   who btw  could n .
drain the swamp is just trumps way of saying hire the sludge       build the wall just refers to the layers upon .
 neeldymond  kamalamode  dev0ra its a slogan meant to play to his fans  he has no way to make it a reality  its l .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews the usa is so screwed  it may ne er re over  looks like its going to be the 3 amigo .
will pelosi your not the president and we trust him more  so let trump decide what is good for the country  we know .
 acorollaries im literally 100  right lol do you pay attention to what the gop does or do you just hear trump lie .
 repmaxinewaters    did you think for 1 sec  you hold all the answers in finance  think again  and barr  ag   stop an .
patriots support president trump to keep america great  amp  build the wall for the security of all americans  .
 pk solo1 for me  i say it died feb 15  2019  when trump decided to subvert the will of congress to build his vanit .
 twatterspotter1  atheist cvnt  trhlofficial  jcrman617 are you one of those libertarians who says they are  until .
 neeldymond  artist4ever  dev0ra bernie sanders is the same garbage know nothing  do nothing populist as donald tru .
 thehill bill weld on president trump   he has a one word environmental policy  hoax  a one word immigration policy  wall    fully agree .
25 million 13 elite democrats  amp  a hatchet man on muellers team  no happiness in the report for dems     added insult .
 harveymyatt  vivalaskein  geraldggallant heres a question  how long before our trading partners put sanctions on .
 timryan on  morning joe  trump wants to  build a wall in the middle of the rio grand river   and  potus is lazy  .
 thehill liar    president trump has talked about more than a wall     the plan includes  5 7 billion for a strategic d .
 donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete maybe trump sr should be taught a thing or two about the berlin wall  i mean berlin war  .
 frankch66294129  realdonaldtrump  cnn  foxnews  nytimes  wsj  washingtonpost  usatoday they are not paying stupid .
 adambaldwin i understand her frustration but how exactly does she expect him to build a wall and change emigration .
bill weld on president trump   he has a one word environmental policy  hoax  a one word immigration policy  wall   .
 realjameswoods trump fights for american people he is not paid off by pharmaceutical companies deep state and abor .
 realdonaldtrump everyone wants immigration reform  improved technology and increased security    only trump wants a fking vanity wall .
if you have any questions about the dems upholding the oath of office they swore upon  and representing their citiz .
 williegeist what planet are you on    no candidates have said they want open borders  no wall does not mean open b .
in the minouette shop  mothers day trump mug  i want you on my side of the wall mom mug  mother s day gift  anniver .
 blondie patriot  licenseda finally they catching on   now help trump build the wall you lying  head in the sand dems.
 aaronam69  realdonaldtrump the wall is not fully funded  and most of the wall standing presently was there when tr .
 edkrassen that billion is available here  its just that trump wants to use it for a wall that is already there .
 theresa may have you thought of doing same as mr trump  build a wall between the uk and the eu and let the eu pay .
 cnn dont forget     there are multiple democratic candidates running for the presidency to end all the  madness  le .
last february  cbp said that theyd begun replacing 2 25 mile of outdated fencing built from recycled metal scraps .
 adambaldwin clearly  anncoulter has lost her mind  i think trump not building the wall made her cheese slide off her cracker .
 jperky1956 yes they are but the lying dishonest media and corrupt cheating politicians making up new lies and stor .
 cptnrwrpnts my wall  and donald trump paid for it .
 jalelsalem1  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews millions of us worked hard to right the economy after bush cheney wall .
 scrowder so  let me get this right    she got mad that the government bailed out wall street and not her  the gove .
update about my tax return  trump is asking me to pay extra  800 for his wall by calling it legislation.
 sparksjls  tekkwene america s greatest shame   an unnecessary and expensive wall to give work to trump s contracto .
build the wall now democrats to make america safer yikes voters take notice       trump and cher in war of words over i .
new prototypes of trump s  big beautiful wall        thread  .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump neither will the trump wall  a wall isnt the solution .
 reneecarrollaz  johnrocca2 come on america  get out there and help trump fund and build the wall     now        go .
 senschumer keep calm  chuck  the day will pass like any other and you can return to calling trump a racist for wanting a wall .
mexican boxer destroys american fighter wearing trump wall shorts .
 jdawsey1 as usual  trump is running to mar a lago for the weekend  which allows him to wall himself off from the r .
 tactical review  trump gays what wall .
 feldmanadam  terryteachout1  petermarksdrama  evincentelli i agree with you  adam  i loved it  i think the score i .
president trump can t get 5 5 billion to fund a wall that protects 328 million people and millions more of the worl .
i m with president trump  congress must support national security and fund the wall  oh yes  im team trump .
 amiiboacid  alanwritesstuff  reggie i m hopeful he s not   only thing i found was a wall joke but he s also mocked .
trump  amp  china     trumps wall a big step in civilization    beijing  trumphisgreatwall 2017 .
 meadowgirlm please share      build the wall     go trump 2020   .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal    .
 talibkweli  marcell77121795  drlogicsupreme  peachesjenkins3  grand cru1  marcell77121795   that is the most asini .
when i see some tax discounts comming my way  when i see lower prescription cost  when i see a completed wall  when .
 pattonoswalt i wish that trump would extend the wall up the arizona  nevada  idaho borders .
 hlaurora63  superelitetexan  aoc hey aoc  you must learn how to talk before having someone write a book for you  .
 netadvisor  blondie patriot we must come together as a country and build the wall  donate below to help trump buil .
 usfree4life we must come together as a country and build the wall  donate below to help trump build the wall        .
i can t believe lamb the sham formally decided on the wall and also blamed both sides of the charleston police   trump.
 realdonaldtrump dear trump expert said that you can do boarder security without a wall which is wasteful and doesn .
u s  president donald trump has maintained his attacks on the policies put into place by the countrys federal rese .
 tomilahren we must come together as a country and build the wall  donate below to help trump build the wall        .
 tomilahren  magagirl73 we must come together as a country and build the wall  donate below to help trump build the .
 olivermcgee  potus  realdonaldtrump  ilhanmn  ilhan we must come together as a country and build the wall  donate .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump we must come together as a country and build the wa .
we must come together as a country and build the wall  donate below to help trump build the wall        .
ann coulter    you are no conservative  amp  never were one  you are a hate filled person  bernie is a do as i say  not a .
 12364miller  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump nobody think obama was a god    what kind of wall trump build .
 paulbober2  cityofyuma  senmcsallyaz paul richards here  born in yuma   my father lawyer  helped cesar chavez 55 y .
i dont believe trumps interested in deporting the millions already here  angel moms will continue to be created lo .
 bartmccoy5  realdonaldtrump just look at the reactions to a billion being paid out to wall contractors  or the eme .
induans must learn from israel and mr trump of buiding the wall to secure our borders the chunese realized it 1500 .
in the minouette shop  mothers day trump mug for mom  my side of the wall  trump wife mother s day gift  best frien .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall  we love you president trump  .
 mjm0395  larrycampos1950 all it took was  2 5 years of outrage and name calling from the democrats  and  trump thr .
 miraculous  is the key word here   and he didn t even mention moving the embassy to jerusalem  beginning the resto .
 anncoulter  realdonaldtrump if you support bernie you are totally misguided  the wall is being built as trump as t .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal  .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal      house democrats subpoenaed nine .
  brexit is like trumps wall  for its devoted fans it has a symbolic value totally unrelated to its workability  i .
 washingtonpost president trump s number one  space cadet    definition of  space cadet   views that are off the wall   out of this world .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe  wall streetjournal .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe  wall streetjournal .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal .
 startrek humor trekkie startrekdiscovery chistes jokes fanart cartoon shortfilm animation comics friki cbs geek co .
 jim jordan and you have the balls to talk about fake news  your propaganda machine is in overdrive creating more s .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal .
 startrek humor trekkie startrekdiscovery chistes jokes fanart cartoon shortfilm animation comics friki cbs geek co .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal .
 lenoretaylor  murpharoo an utterly nonsense issue  did jfk cost going to the moon  did trump cost the wall  did an .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal  .
 b3gsfan  rob shehan  19plf68  speakerpelosi brenda  i would add a caveat to that  they actually do what the people .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe .
 repkatiehill  urocklive1  oversightdems hmmm russia controlling navy aircraft carriers    saudi arabia controlling n .
pope francis criticizes trump s wall yet again  .
dear president trump   dont blame the democrats   you had conttol of all rhree branches of government and did noth .
please stay on it  billcassidy  repandybiggsaz  repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump this is like a trump organization com .
 jamuirca  saints1890  wiganwarriorsrl we need trump in wigan he could build a wall to keep the saints fans out  .
 incorruptible21  anncoulter you know  you wrote it as a joke  but its actually a pretty good idea  a book about .
 scottmelker  juni0rlancaster ok i have now decided which side of the fence i land on   they told me to get off sin .
 proudresister as a bernie voter i seriously disliked hillary  the dnc and debbie wassermann schult for what they d .
 tweetmommybop yes       im not kicking puppies  im not cursing at strangers on the street  im not beating my head a .
 suttonlinwood  fundthewall  savagenation  iheartmindy  parisbarns  sabine durden  breitbartnews  oann .
hey fuck your wall donald trump    fuckthewall2019   thank you for following me.
 abbymartin  tlavagabond  codepink  answercoalition trump said he ll pull out of the middle east changed his mind s .
there is no wall    there is not part of a wall     there will not be a wall    this is what trump  is using for a campai .
 vanessalleonard i felt the same about trumps wall  people set up a go fund me and raised millions of dollars  tha .
 vonobruno  shannonbream  foxnews  foxnewsnight what causes inflation is the feds printing money  i dont hear all w .
people are just grabbing property  tinashe kegoriloe  amp  not to build a build or wood in factor  shack zinc jus .
 maddow just another cover up for trump  most people saw the writing on the wall  he did it for bush now hes doing .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program   marketwatch   .
 paulkrugman  neeratanden then grow an actual brain and get behind the only person who can defeat trump  bernie  st .
the staff of the  wsj wrote many stories reporting on many of the trump administration s scandals   bccomm305.
trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall .
we are pleased to announce that heather nauert  spokeswoman for the wall .
 realdonaldtrump  almostjingo  breitbartnews trump  wanted the wall  so bad that he actually save up the money to buy it  .
 indigenous activists set up protest camp at south texas cemetery to stop  trumps legacy project   his wall .
typical sellout  sanders would open the borders faster than ann opens her mouth  don t forget ann  it s the same so .
 peterbreuer mister trump  tear down this wall  .
 hedontgotgame  julesrs007  housejudiciary at least they can govern when in control  look what repubs did for 2year .
 irespectsomalis  kaitmarieox  ilhanmn ok so heres the thing statistics which are a base fact say that the overwhel .
 josephnsanberg joe  i have a great idea  you want to help the poor   how about supporting president trump   say  n .
house democrats subpoenaed nine banks in trump finance probe   wall street journal .
 rosedixontx  ayst21 why doesn t trump just take down the wall across california and use part of that wall for area .
we build the wall  and we send all illegals back as trump has said all along  we also remove all incentives for the .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program   etf  tracker.
i know  im growing  quite weary with this wall to wall trump coverage  covering barr tomorrow is a mistake  i wish .
 urocklive1  realdonaldtrump another brainwashed fake news listener    it s called a trump stock rally for reason  wa .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe .
trump was granted  150 000 after he was able to prove that the business located at 40 wall street only had  26 in its bank account .
donald trumps building at 40 wall street is located a mile from ground zero  yet donald trump joined in with fello .
everybody go show  sethabramson       some love       tonight is historically upsetting to him      like we give a flying fuck .
in the minouette shop  mothers day gift trump mug  my side of the wall funny trump mug for girlfriend  wife gift  t .
wall street journal kulis bilgisi olarak grme trump albayrak  s 400 krdmnden klmasn salayamad tespitini aktard .
 fras99 nope  i was going to go protest the rally when trump came to tampa  the night before  i blacked out  amp  bashe .
 chizmaga we had a black mascot for wall street  now we need a gay mascot for wall street  i thank god every day for donald john trump .
 noobde honestly you people are overreacting we need donald trump with his wall in the game and we need a large one .
ill call it now  the wall wont be built and everyone saying to build it is going to look so stupid after trump leaves .
kindve like the opposite of trumps wall    they want to pay to millions to keep rapists raping and trump wants to b .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews  the wall  is a metaphor for trump s penis  nobody wants to see it and he can t get it up .
 loupalumbo  hawkeye2thebrim  andrewyang  shannonbream a wall isn t going to get finished anytime soon  and after t .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump trump s wall    it s beautiful .
the great indian hedge and donald trump s wall are not exceptions  history tells us that we can find numerous such .
bill weld on president trump   he has a one word environmental policy  hoax  a one word immigration policy  wall   .
 keelingcurve 9  paul vandermeer  50linesonly the corp wing is tied in wall st strategists like tandem  amp  brock  amp  al .
voil  il me faut trouver de quoi leur offrir  moi aussi  des sacs de riz  de sucre  des billets de banques en gran .
 realdonaldtrump what they are on vacation again     they were on a big vacation not long ago when president trump .
the doj is allegedly probing a  100 000 donation to president trump s victory pac in 2017  which may have come from .
 lexsion  kashimtenshi  repadamschiff  gop little girl please stop reciting dem propaganda  we spend 23 billion a y .
 fundthewall  savagenation  iheartmindy  parisbarns  sabine durden  breitbartnews  oann  donaldjtrumpjr .
 beerg  rolandmcs see trump s wall and healthcare policy for further evidence .
 gem tones 5  28 billion in profit to wall street banks this year alone as a result of trumps tax changes   the ru .
 truthbe46567003  kashimtenshi  repadamschiff wow  fearful much of what you don t understand  yeah high taxes   on .
 ahardtospell overall i like him  but his constant shilling for the wall and trumps nativist immigration platform just kills me .
 gt healthcare    housing    education       the wall       yes  that s right  the wall       9 of 10 workers in the store support enf .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe      house democrats have subpoenaed .
 muellerwhois last nights election for premier in alberta       alberta election 2019   greed and racism    throughout a .
 indianaboognish we are all in this boat    we work  save  amp  live frugally    then we learn we should have spent the mon .
 cnn she s probably right  won t be another president with the balls to tell it like it is  democrats get with the .
 edkrassen we could also do this and more if we stop trump once and for all and refuse him that damn wall  i m so s .
listen to  magaoneradio daily on   now lets  maga   donald trump is the scatman  bing bing bong build a wall .
seems like an act of terrorism mr  trump  you see it does happen to others  who do we build a wall for now  who don .
very productive yesterday when honest abe believes in the wall and raked the leaves from under the dishonest press   trump.
the worst of wall street  meet donald trumps finance chairman via  thenation .
happy trump offered assistance to rebuild notre dame  not only is it the right thing to do for history but better spend than a wall .
the handwriting is on the wall   trump will be committing crimes right  amp  left because he has a  flunky to cover for .
the wall street journal  trump likely to announce summit plans at meeting with chinas vice premier .
 realalitweets why isn t vote for bernie an option     i would vote for bernie    if trump gets another term    that  ant .
maybe trump should spend money for the wall on florida mental health care.
 magapatriotnana  slickzillazilla  speakerpelosi trump is right  to build the wall .
 dirkryserhove not a joke  he deliberately said that he wants to convert atheists to help trump to build his wall .
deutsche banks relationship with mr  trump goes back decades  since 1998  the bank has led or participated in loan .
im sorry but if you support trump  amp  him building a wall youre racist af  dont   me .
 gwynie disco  tuckercarlson then  i get hints when he talks about the tax cuts like  he thinks just the  rich  ben .
 danscavino this coming from a republican is hilarious  bill clinton  period  investigate trump  his family and nai .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump um  excuse me but  if that s not obama s wall  then wouldn t it be illegal for trump to .
i am brazilian  i live in brazil  so latin american  and i have very serious reasons to say that trump is a 100  ri .
 thehill i am brazilian  i live in brazil  so latin american  and i have very serious reasons to say that trump is .
poor citizens who could never even dream of getting anywhere near a single million have to pay heavy tax so trump c .
 thehill it s funny  booker says we don t need a wall coast to coast  trump agrees  trump said that in 2016  the wa .
democrat legislators own the illegal alien problem  they refused to fix it while stopping president trump from fixi .
gop challenger bill weld  trump amp  39 s policies are  amp  39 hoax amp  39  and  amp  39 wall amp  39      latestcomments.
 hrcpersists the fact that she likes bernies immigration stance pretty much tells you everything you need to know .
 realdonaldtrump yes  i totally agree  president trump keep on keeping on  we the love you   keep building that wall         .
some saying     no wall    no indictments     no nothing  except more     in  media et al 1  coffer pockets  to slowly sc .
trump s proposed wall is to keep people out  the communist berlin wall was built to keep people in  so  why did t .
 berngallant you are not alone  i never thought trump style politics would enter canada   but thanks to far right c .
 heidil rn this is the time of year  especially in the western states  that they start  my yard has both  a wall  s .
 allisonbellam14  bradmossesq all we got to do is stay a jump ahead of their dirty tricks campaign  then ruthlessly .
 abeabbott4  drlogicsupreme  rasthafareye  talibkweli  urbantheory01  kingnegus7  peachesjenkins3  treasur32608618 .
 we     w e    orale all white people unite to fund the stupid damn wall so we can move on from this constant shit and .
 matthewhoppock  nicoletteglazer its a bureaucratic nightmare   the money trump keeps wasting detaining families a .
mike smith is a god damn cement wall  hes what trump needs .
 cbp  bethpatriot democrat legislators own the illegal alien problem  they refused to fix it while stopping preside .
trump s proposed wall is to keep people out  the communist berlin wall was built to keep people in  so  why did t .
 cityofyuma  hrothenb democrat legislators own the illegal alien problem  they refused to fix it while stopping pre .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump obama knew wall was important  ordered renovation  trump fixing and building more wall .
 travisakers  khorah only trump would think that could be pulled off w o detection  just like that gabbert person  .
 jenniferswayje  maddow it scares me when journalists and columnists say   when trump runs again     what  runs aga .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program   marketwatch .
is it any wonder that many below average intelligence normies swallow  cnn s bs  it s non stop wall to wall trump b .
 loriinutah  realdonaldtrump i hate it when people just talk shit about trump  what other billionaire would do this .
 realdark kent  refinedmess  willieg36155135  newnumbawhodiss  cjts7006  michaeledyson  charliekirk11 what money  t .
 b3gsfan  rob shehan  19plf68  speakerpelosi  senschumer both sides have faults   i have pointed out things you hav .
it s not even a tiny fraction of what trump says he needs for his wall .
 chelle8868  artalon1  talibkweli  imedianewsgroup  edentheplanet  handsomeconser1  demolitionman haha  my closest .
 johnccomedy  whitehouse there is no wall money  only funds already allocated for other needs  military being one .
  vickielfisher  only his supremes picks will outlast trump  everything else will be reversed when he s out of offi .
 africanis  eyeswideopentx  web rant  gqmagazine  deray  aoc immigrants do jobs most americans wont do  and a wall .
  noel verzosa  to stop  michaeljohns  s grift  point out to his fans that congress will just neglect demolish what .
they fight to bring illegals in   they fight the president on building a wall   then they fight him to keep illegal .
 bornabrit1  katheri66169988 barr is creating that crisis trump needs to get his wall  this man must be impeached .
 anncoulter he had to fire somebody for requesting prosthetic funds in the budget for the wall  trump wanted 5 bill .
certain      people love coming together for inadimate land marks  norte dame  build the wall  etc   but what about .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch i support that wall i support the president united states of america donald trump the hopes of america.
the wall of trump   gt   the standard will lead the way     bitmex  trollbox  rekt.
we should build a wall 40  cubits long and 40 cubits wide and 40 cubits high  inside wall should be 40 cubicles  ce .
 abcpolitics while offering a bunch of advice   none involving a wall   that trump  amp  the gop will ignore .
 matthewstoller  berniesanders polls show bernie would have won in a landslide in 2016  40  of trump voters also su .
 patriotnotrump  wyer222  amilleur  tinkandbelle  tyrion1  nullnotvoid  richard stands  jennifermonckt2 .
 tccoolmom43  leeleeb50  pamrollins i think you missed my point  fine with parents not vaccinating as long as we ge .
trump you gonna stop us we come too usa you like or not oh but the way you are  assholl so put the wall and we goi .
 andalsavage  nnubonnie  aoc yep  more idiotic programs for this year  but  that money will be well spent on a wall .
 politico this is true of a lot of things       nearly 4 out of 10 makes up  realdonaldtrump base      nearly 4 out of 10 w .
 tomthunkitsmind use it to build the wall around trump.
 tribelaw  repjerrynadler he can act tomorrow  personally  i want to know how far barr goes to protect his  master  .
cnn tomorrow  wall to wall coverage of the press conference and a panel of trump surrogates  .
 jamescapuano13  richard88051075  ericrc67  realjameswoods heres an example of the kind of stuff trump gets wrong .
trump continues 2 campaign vigorously 4 the 2020 presidency on a daily basis  his hope is 2 draw even more disillus .
if you have a hollywood mansion and a wall around your house the  barackobama  speakerpelosi  berniesanders camp wi .
the wall street journal  more migrant families crossing into the united states  dan bongino on the paris agreement isnt working.
 part about ties to organized crime in the construction business in nyc  something we all knew about in the fina .
 hillreporter we ve gone lawless third world  congress says  no   trump vetoes it  then mcconnell does what trump w .
 renato mariotti  repjerrynadler i agree and btw  i also want to know how far barr goes to protect his  master   i .
 robreiner yes we have meathead        .
 melodygutierrez  latimes  gavinnewsom instead he should take on all the illegal aliens invading my state    build th .
rush explains how trump can build the wall without congress  buzzvideo .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe   business.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realdark kent  refinedmess  willieg36155135  newnumbawhodiss  cjts7006  michaeledyson  charliekirk11 no  he does n .
fascist and conservative support for trump has soared to an historic level  now at an unbelievably unrealistic 116 .
 mayornicholls send them up to  speakerpelosi and  senschumer neighborhood    they are the ones who signed the catc .
 11thhour  anniekarni barr is a whited wall and trump is his out house .
i know i was born here and all but fuck that shit man the wall is such a racially powered movement and its made me .
 nrcc nope  a wall doesn t help americans  therefore  the wall is just like republicans  real americans resist trump .
 elmoisnowgod elmos wall  gt  trumps wall.
 indiamaria2020 he also was responsible for omnibus  no wall  no change in immigration laws  a backlog of trump s n .
bill weld on president trump   he has a one word environmental policy  hoax  a one word immigration policy  wall   .
dementia patients who roam can be fooled by   painting away doors  painting doorways to appear like a wall only   .
 thehill hell it drop long time ago trump is a loser he lost on the world stage he lost on obama repeal he lost on .
 officialyosamo satudays checklist     1  board up windows   2  build mini trump wall around house   .
how to burn water  step 18  shake hands with donald trump and tear down the berlin wall .
herman cain told the wall street journal that he has no intention of withdrawing his name from consideration for a .
this will stop   mistake  vanvlafc .
on that subject  please don t follow me if you support trump  want the wall built  etc  .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump obama s wall looks more like a  beacon  saying  com .
 realdark kent  refinedmess  willieg36155135  newnumbawhodiss  cjts7006  michaeledyson  charliekirk11 you cant com .
not much surprises me anymore  trump throws so much at the wall that plenty is bound to stick  hate is the glue tha .
 enews omg who cares    people like these 2 can support trump with his wall  stating we have to take care of our ow .
 davidpierce1957  steezyjezz  fletchefwl  c0lettea  kimberly  srb she is using her dead daughter as propaganda for .
 repjerrynadler everyone is just mad that president trump is not a traitor  you didn t get the news you wanted so n .
hypocrite alert  apparently  nyc is a sanctuary only for those who are already there  diblasio  why don t you build .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov build the wall  go trump 2020.
listen to  magaoneradio daily on   now lets  maga   donald trump is going to build a numa numa wall  buildthewall.
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program    .
 salas  10 you are too damn young to understand the magnitude of that shirt you are wearing    if trump was truly m .
 maga this is trumps stooges lying about the wall   morons just like trump    housegop  senategop  senatemajldr .
spoken like a true republican out of both sides of her mouth this coming from cm    who called security on a woman .
we aren t single minded idiots staring at one spot on the wall while the whole wall is crumbling  thanks  we re inu .
 xzamilloh  reviewresist all the rhetoric from the highest rated news channel fox plus the fact  that most centrist .
bikers for trump wall soars to 99 percent .
 dbongino chuck the deli man schumer  kevin judas mccarthy all get rich while stabbing me in the back  american cit .
im behind my president trump all the way    usa  making america great again   build the wall  if you want to be a .
 charlesmblow you thought it wouldn t be  there is no limit to the corruption and collusion  trump has his people i .
 dpakman i saw your video of trump speaking about doors in the wall  as a mental health professional i have noticed .
 leeleeb50 why would the pope help us with notre dame  it s in france  does dumbass think he s running france now t .
 southerndem74  thinkprogress clintonistas voted as much as 30  for mccain  but we still beat you schmucks       i got .
doctors charged with illegally dispensing painkillers  sometimes for sex   cnbc       realdonaldtrump  housegop  .
 fairimmigration  fox5dc  fitzfox5dc all these  sanctuary  states wanted these illegal aliens            take em    g .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   via  youtube.
 stevedeaceshow we heat up some tang  eat some cheetoes  watch clockwork orange and set out some mcdonald s and wai .
 speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump trump built his wall out of barr .
 realdonaldtrump fox cair  and its chosen anti trump  anti judge jeanine betrayers  is  finally being exposed  publ .
 real defender  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews if trump said they need a boarder wall in kansas you would agree  th .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacyprogram .
 edkrassen  govbillweld you are literally talking to a brick wall   they will vote trump  they love the hate and de .
 gtconway3d    all of which makes it especially frightening that his findings  even if made public  won t even slig .
 niorvisr  the trump train hes building a wall.
 potus dont fall for the build the wall bull crap as it is a giant cover up for what trump has done to the middl .
build the wall  deport illegal aliens     cbp    trump    buildthewallcrimewillfall      texas cbp seizes  6 million worth of .
you can listen to dave pellowe   emilio garcia joins dave pellowe to discuss trump s wall  the tpp  and the most pr .
 pastorlocke trump supporters come in all colors  hes constantly labeled a racist  but its never substantiated   .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 johnmulkey  redsteeze trump has finished the wall  .
 the trump train build the gallows into the wall  that way everybody gets the hint.
 realdonaldtrump another bullshit tweet from our fake leader  no new section of wall has been built  you know  all .
 tekstone  thedemocrats i totally believe it  then they can pretend to resist and clap at trump while they contin .
 johnmulkey  redsteeze have you seen the mueller report       you probably still believe trump is building a wall  lol.
 jonstall2009 they plan on cheating bernie and cheer on julian asaanges arrest  they helped trump deregulate wall s .
 mycldean  thehill is it the wall you think trump has already built .
 jdrealestatetx  realdonaldtrump you did read replacing  you don t look as stupid as you are   there is no new wall .
 realdonaldtrump don t be fooled  the wall is a distraction from the russia investigation  russian president and di .
despite what comes out of trumps lying mouth  white nationalism was never about a wall  .
democrats that fought pres trump on the wall   look at the mess  think about the children being used for sex  the p .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe   via  circleboom.
not shocked  rep  johnson has been getting a lot of flack from right wingers in sd for not voting with trump for th .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump the catch   promise to appear and release program f .
 js4hunnid  jvnnifers  jayyabundis illegal crossings are not the national emergency trump claims  definitely not enough to warrant a wall .
new yorks mayor just threatened trump with a jaw dropping lawsuit to keep illegals out of his city   patriot pulse .
democrats plan wall around california to protect sanctuary cities from trump s immigrants    .
 senalexander  potus trump is wasting disaster funds on stupid stuff like the crazy midevil wall    pornstarpayment.
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews mr trump  nobody trust i  nobody believes u  stick with ur agenda  lock her up  bui .
 ingrahamangle  foxnews you need to have  danpatrick on your show every second day   he really gives a damn         it  .
  billweld2020 says trump has a one word immigration policy     wall  and a one word policy .
 drjasonjohnson i want to call on all democrats  to remind seniors that trump s budget was calling for over 800 bil .
 cernovich literally hes building it right now  what the hell are you talking about  do you not remember trump dec .
 nrcc we need a 21st century solution for a 21st century problem    the  wall  is just trump riling up his racist b .
 kamalaharris  realdonaldtrump n  gop  taxreform  trump was a civilian before becoming  potus has restored america .
bill barr attorney general you are supported and respected for the first time in decades  stay strong like p trump .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump a wall won t stop it either  address the root cause .
you heard it here first  the mueller report nailed trump to the wall and barr committed treason by hiding the resul .
 aterkel  lanaeerickson  ginaraimondo  seanmcelwee team  berniesanders is very focused on proving his ability to be .
 cernovich will trump build the wall .
 hadestown  was conceived a decade ago but it features a positively trumpian ode called why we build the wall tha .
 archkennedy thank god for the militia  it is our last hope  they should be paid the money we have been paying the .
dear diary  remember when   nov  14  2018    fakenews cnns jeff zeleny reported president trump fired a deputy nationa .
 mattyford  kevinmkruse  realdonaldtrump  foxnews always take into account the fed reserve interest .
 garyq57  realdonaldtrump well yeah what else is government good for    but this wall is especially stupid  given tha .
 cooplitemv  ebraeden also i am not a democrat and will be voting for president trump in 2020  therefore i will not .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe .
racist white people will go to a trump rally yelling build the wall then afterwards go to a mexican restaurant to eat .
 senatorsinema  dragonempressen  dhsgov wait  i thought she was the one who was so against trump and his wanting to .
gop challenger weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn video .
 teamservicesny  sensanders the deficit won t crush the next generation any more than their current student debt  t .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall   thehill .
our country is going into debt quicker with trump than anyone else that s b3n in office     and the wall i m 48 yrs o .
 ltnldy805  realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews hey   trump should frame that and hang it on the wall in one or all of h .
 tedcruz youre  just mad that the worlds wealthiest didnt write a check for trumps wall .
living in trumps america is like re enacting the wall but were all bob geldof .
this is the organization behind trump s  wall   clarence thomas  gorsuch  as kavanaugh  palin  bachmann  and  pence .
yall remember sharing a room with your little sibling  amp  trying to tape a line across the floor or barricade your  .
 inspiringu2 the trump  wall st  koch bros  murdoch crime cartel are ripping the us off for  trillions   everything .
 thehill shut up    build the wall maga kag q  america 1st  trump   1.
trump out before primary    gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall       .
might fuck around and build a wall at the edge of the earth to keep the aliens out       flat earth trump supporter.
 samstein so bill barr continues to shape the narrative by hook or by crook   i hope mueller has lots of security  .
what if trump is actually building a wall of titans.
trump will    1  kick bernies ass   2  kick pedo joes ass   3  get all traitors out of doj  fbi  and other deep state b .
 finanzas   de acuerdo con un reporte de the wall street journal  la administracin de donald trump pidi a empres .
 patriotnotrump  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch if they found anything damning on tr .
i am not in favor of this wall being built  there have been other forms of smuggling drugs into our country throu .
 barkindavid  whurensohn  r2017girl  charr68204  corinne locher  klinduff  putinownsblotus  mebeandreaaolco .
 ericswalwell  2 could build the wall   keep legal americans safe   lower the financial burden of tax payers   keep invad .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump so was the wall ordered by obama racist too   or only what trump wants is .
 speakerpelosi im thinking it works both ways throwing crap at the wall to see what sticks so you can make people .
 jimharrison2012  senjanenelson  tedcruz  sentedcruz  johncornyn that s a funny observation  the repub had both hou .
 cecilianano  mcspocky and trump still wants his stupid wall   .
 tourist paid  tomash j  csmay144k  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods trump misused charity cash to buy the painting  he .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe  .
 yourdailyllama  sandysycafoose  belle de jour 2  jennifermonckt2 if your not wise enough to see what trump is doin .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst i guess the dems want it both ways  dont want to build a wall to keep us .
terry mcauliffe will not run for president     congratulations to terry mcauliffe   smart mo .
 wsimmonsassoc  debiowens  realdonaldtrump all of trumps tweets come with a never ending supply of gaslight for hi .
 rjnewsflash we the peoplee are outraged by schumer and pelosi for not doing what they said they would which is if .
the  trump ego mania wall  would not stop any of this cocaine  .
 shonharris9  jasonmn  walshfreedom who cares who  pays  for the wall  get it built  trump is pro life at this poin .
 chrislhayes you couldn t read the writing on the wall that the trump russia collusion was a hoax .
 brianco9930  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch really  okay  well first of all  trump .
 nrcc trump would have to start building his wall first   i see what you did there .
 miraforanimals  stephenharper  jkenney now that little trump is in power are we going to build a wall to keep ever .
everyone one planet earth deserves to be in america      no one is illegal    if you want a wall you re racist      we have s .
 nateblanchett definitely less so  but i still think democrats can gain a net amount of seats with wisconsin  iowa  .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov your argument makes no sense  why would trump want to build the wall to keep il .
 paul vandermeer he is still far to radical  amp  still has dirty money unexplained book sales lol look   stats on book .
 realdonaldtrump  cher trump theres a lot of ways to do this  for instance instead of a wall  take that money and .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews president trump please build the wall the american patriots want the wall.
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov which part if  illegal  do you not understand  these immigrants are illegal  we .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trumpprobe  .
 nrcc we elected president trump cause one of the major items on his agenda was to build the wall  which you have n .
listen  amp  learn     shocking  protestors try to battle d souza over trumps wall  fail miser     via  youtube.
 realomarnavarro  realdonaldtrump  pontifex does trump know you got past his great wall   careful  your gop buddies .
 repgosar thanks paul  forget the dems and rinos  they don t want solve this problem  the freedom caucus has got to .
 repleezeldin i m deeply troubled that the republican party held our country hostage right along with trump over a .
given trumps fight against release of his tax returns   misconduct of barr regarding the full  amp  honest disclosure .
don t be racist  amp  dumb  this mf just said his refund was  2200 less than last yr  but everything s better now than .
 proudresister word on the streets is that trump does not plan to have a peaceful transition of power  additionally .
new article  the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe .
we do have several  great experts  unemployed at the moment since the wall is in kind of a state of limbo     trump .
 at 40 wall street  trump at cap cana  the general motors building in midtown  manhattan  trump castle casino and t .
 trumprecalledthat jesse jackson repeatedly said that the wall on wall must fall  so that minorities could ente .
 realdonaldtrump finish that wall  faster than ever before     go trump.
and the evil empire says it will not pay for hostages and then they give  ecuador  4 2  billion they refused to giv .
 devincow perhaps trump can send planes to build a wall of water around north korea   teamdevinscattle.
build a wall  amp  crime will fall  great financial numbers being announced on an incredible leader who is now .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe  house democrats have subpoenaed .
 hogangidley45  whitehouse trump caused a panic situation with his wall ask him to pay for it.
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews trump cannot hide behind a wall of lies .
 jpm  c  ms  wfc  bac  cof       the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe       .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe  .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe  .
the wall street journal  9 big banks subpoenaed by house democrats in trump probe  .
 realdonaldtrump republicans don t have to come back from their vacations to work on immigration   just so you know .
lmao more then trump got for his wall he been trying for 2yrs lmao .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 mommabearmeyer  tyrion1  patriotnotrump  indigosky42  wyer222  nastywomansammi  robanderson2018  lorenzofuentes6 .
 can2geterdone  heyitscarolyn  potus if we don t bus them out and stop 3rd world immigration under trump and can t .
im tired of these rednecks and other mfs that say build the wall and all that other shit  i wish that was yo famil .
this is heart breaking  what portion of the wall funding is being diverted for this particular use  must be easy to .
 loudobbs  repmattgaetz  potus  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump oh now trump s  we built a lot of wall  fence repai .
 frankmarouet  speakertimjones  nytimes  gop and i know you know that its not trump directly spending  except on t .
 cillizzacnn throwing shit at the wall and hoping that it sticks  you truly are a despicable human being        i m not .
 realhughfield  djv88569737  neverdotard  billkristol what was trump  wall  wall  rapists  wall  wall .
barr s idea is   throwing shit against the wall and seeing what sticks    listen barr we the american people want an .
wall street banks and real estate developers have been eagerly awaiting the regs  which trump s administration says .
 realdonaldtrump another trump lie  sections of the obama wall are being repaired  there will never be a trump wall .
 ari russian build it fast and tall and let it be known as the wall that trump built .
 caiikapowski trump stealing from me for that damn wall  im pissed.
the trump building at 40 wall street  free of charge  so that jesse jackson could have a prominent position from wh .
nem em wall street  o paraso dos capitalistas insanos  aceitam esse lixo que os miliciopatas sem carter colocaram .
 bluebludgardenr  advisingtrump2  repmattgaetz if the democrats hadnt of dropped the ball when they wanted to build .
any bets on what initiative trump will announce tomorrow to distract from the mueller report  infrastructure weeken .
 stevepasquale please  less whining  more winning  trump is teflon  more policy less crying   im a democrat btw  o .
 djrothkopf  whitfordbradley  repjerrynadler please  less whining  more winning  trump is teflon  more policy less .
the reason is that trump is the establishment and maintains the status quo  hes a worse version of it and occasion .
 funder please  less whining  more winning  trump is teflon  more policy less crying   im a democrat btw  obviousl .
 krassenstein we lost a whole town and people died and the president wants to take the money to build his wall  pue .
 fairimmigration  foxnews u are 100  right i pray u can get those crazy ass dems  to understand this what the ameri .
what weve known  .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 jlflores23 alexa  can trump build a wall north of texas .
we need to nail thes fuckers to the wall  this is a cover up happening right before our eyes  the time for kids glo .
 realdonaldtrump yes  a few people did this  amp  you have vilified all muslims ever since   you took advantage  too  .
 biaancaasmiles  kevinfallxo goddam illegals  my cousin was beat up by an illegal recently  he was just trying to b .
 friendeden100 if trump is deporting immigrants  are dogs the next ones to be banished behind that fing wall .
 cashsports would she rather have the stars win the cup or trump build the wall and win in 2020 .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall mr trump  please all of it  now.
 larryelder bahahahahaha he can get a wall  how will he fix notre dame  if he did get the contract hed fail to pay .
the wall street journal  wsj won a pulitzer prize for a series of articles that detailed hush money payments to two .
donald trump will not be re elected  he doesn t care about my people  a wall is not sufficient  americans from the .
 froggysue build that wall  trump maga.
 arstruly trump was right  we need to build a wall  we need to keep the top 1  out.
i think trump would be proud of my wall   at karakas castle and gardens .
entregados los premios de periodismo pulitzer 2019  the new york times y the wall street journal fueron galardonado .
 nrthms1  carpedonktum so does not recognizing that the progress made matters  sections of wall are being built due .
 fairimmigration  thehill  rachelfrazin perhaps de blasio could take trump to court for not building the wall fast enough .
if communism works  why did they have to build a wall to keep people from running away from it   ever heard of tru .
na msica  waiting for the worms   o lado fascista do pink levanta frases preconceituosas e pergunta  would you lik .
is china still using their wall  maybe trump could just go over there and use theirs for a while .
 team mitch  realdonaldtrump stop the wall  trump will fall .
 angrierwhstaff any advise for convincing trump supporters that their admiration is misplaced  many friends and fam .
get rid of moreno  he got  4 2 billion for  assange  that s what  trump wanted for his wall and they wouldn t give .
 jenjen1013  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump how can they look at a wall when their eyes are constantly on their phon .
i m with president trump  congress must support national security and fund the wall    together we can make a differe .
 rodstryker  mrsmendoza9  pastorlocke scream it brother   trump pence 2020  im ready for the fight of our lives  n .
 joey mac10192 i just want anyone but trump  a monkey  my left butt cheek  a garbage can  a wall   anyone or anythi .
 sarahjks77  trumpkittymommy  washhanger  tracylcooper2  tired oftrump trying to reason with a magat is futile  tal .
 dineshdsouza  morgantownwvguy look at videos of michelle obama on trump s inauguration day  where michelle is stan .
why  money is the god they worship no matter what words come out of their mouths  wall st  took  27b in bonuses   b .
a noticeable shift has taken place on wall street and among many economists and business leaders in recent weeks  a .
 fuckthewall2019 hey claudia  i think trump should take the money we re saving from education cuts and spend it on .
 ananavarro  pooterbugsmom is this why trump is pledging to help rebuild notre dame cathedral    oh  wait  he pledg .
 doughenwood basically  warren is too regulatey for wall st  too lisa simpson in an npr totebag for the left  and t .
trump out before primary    gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall      .
trump administration may have to use some of that wall money and private prison personnel to follow the money trail .
just went to chipotle and all the peeps working there were white dudes that looked like they want trump to build th .
donald trump has a plan   to build a wall   a great divide that will never fall.
 realdonaldtrump pres  trump is not lying  you are being lied to by the fake news media   watch this real video pos .
where is the new wall trump said was being built  .
 tsellers41  senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov a wall is just not going to work  it is not a solution to the probl .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump pres  trump is not lying  you are being lied to by the fake news media  watch this r .
 mendokc  ange amene we thought that about trump  weve got 20 name battling for this      sanders is going to col .
 the danwel  ericswalwell did trump build you  youre like talking to a wall .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn you want your wall  please go find the money to pay for it  oh wait  trump was going to use   .
trumps tweet about obamas wall and why it doesnt make sense   via  smedian network  writing  politics  writer .
this incompetence gives conservatives a bad name just as much as it fuels the fire for anti trump and anti wall sen .
 seanhannity sean  i don t care about the mueller report or cuba    why isn t your show hammering trump on his prom .
 joanhuffman  johncornyn  sentedcruz  texassenategop how about we urge our representatives to listen to their const .
no wonder trump wants to build the wall .
 nrcc built the wall  and vote for trump in 2020  you got it  .
 katiehicken  mollyysherrell the wall is the most ethical things a president has done in years  need i remind you t .
 jane87278093  nytimes  jmartnyt democrats worry a sanders win will upset their wall st  gravy train  it s all they .
 thenation  joanwalsh  sengillibrand she jumped st threatened to punch trump in the face    literally       that s how .
 loriinutah  rentonmagauk  realbencarson pres trump is cleaning up the free loading  when the wall is built  we will be safer .
build the wall song   click now         trump  trump2020  trump2020landslide  buildthewall .
 italianyoyo  cassandrarules you have thrown a lot of things out there that make no sense  sort of like throwing sh .
what exactly is trump doing to fix immigration  how is building a wall going to affect the people in the country il .
 sharonh10585  senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov well they wont pay for the wall at all we need the wall and new .
 chirprn trump got three weeks to deal his stupid wall    best show him a yard to play kickball         for a fat fella .
 joncoopertweets this entire party is a bunch of pathological liars whose job description is to facilitate and prop .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch mr president  ty for this  amp  all that you are doing   behind the scenes  q  bu .
 realdonaldtrump great news president trump we need that wall   regarding illegal immigrants   deport them all now   .
 proudresister  theleadcnn  cnnpolitics now trump will have to hear revelations of how dishonest  sadistic   amp  ignor .
 loudobbs  gordongchang  realdonaldtrump  potus oh please  trump said it himself   he loves kim  despite kim being .
raise concerns   what   clutch your pearls while watching the world burn   okay   and yes i m yelling   its been a .
 haunted stereo  colefrink  theitzal is she going to build the wall  trump won t .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   via  youtube.
 wall street shenanigans   debt ceiling       realdonaldtrump   cspanwj  news  pjnet  pjnet .
 diamondandsilk all dems are hypocrites  liars  cowards and users  they cause division but blame it on the right   .
trump wants to build second wall over fan favorite festival burning man      smartnews.
 realdonaldtrump trump  no one cares about your wall .
poor misunderstood trump   donaldtrump  trump  wall .
listen to  magaoneradio daily on   now lets  maga   trump says  i would build a great wall   buildthatwall.
 annettegh86  mailonline  jlptalk in response to your trump s building the wall video .
on the store today i heard two older black men talking about trump   i was so disappointed when they said hes righ .
i hate how our presidents dont do anything about gun laws and violence especially donald trump focusing on buildin .
heres your wall trump haha  better retweet mr cryer  mrjoncryer  trump  wall  yessir .
 tombstonebub  di plora did anyone really expect the left to go down w out a fight after muellers investigation di .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program   marketwatch       getty images    off .
 rfisher59 report release  barr press conference  trump is still president        when youre done with your wallpaper  .
 repdustyjohnson  johnehult  argusjellis thanks for correcting  given trumps claim that the wall is being built no .
 joncoopertweets most americans know trump isn t building any new wall yet  he is a liar and a con man  it does sti .
 rajit pathak  kadja2  pjcadams  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler .
 mimirocah1 this is beyond discouraging and endlessly depressing     it seems trump s propaganda machine is unstopp .
i refuse to rt her  because she appears vile  but checked out this trolls wall to see what she might be excited by .
wall street billionaire who owns wendys gives big to trump while refusing farmworkers demands  eyes on the ties .
 dineshdsouza  tedcruz it wouldn t have mattered  thanks to the illegals  clinton  bush  obama  amp  trump  mexifornia .
 joshiepino the wall trump is building .
why is there a glass wall separating this creature from people      love  wall  trump .
 these are the companies that spent the most money on stock buybacks in 2018     wall street .
 louisemensch sure  but why are we allowing them to slow wall trump s indictments and jail sentencing until after he s out of office .
 speakerpelosi  hillaryclinton donald trump s wall .
so  when does albertas wall go up around orange edmonton    i wonder if trump will let us use his guys .
 rulefollower  zuzucase  mark kawada  jordanfabian  realdonaldtrump bullshit  trump wont allow rs to present anyth .
 imamofpeace this is the typical way demorats operate they scare the citizens by vilifying trump  amp  his policies  th .
 koldnews if the trump administration goes with this company  more power to them i ve always said that there are pa .
 why companies in panic mode to buy back stock  financial system failing     wall street is .
trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall .
 cher trumpagreedwith herwhat an unendurable embarrassment  the left quickly accused her of repeating white nat .
why do you think trump wants a freaking wall and he s banned all these goddamn muslim countries from coming in we n .
 thebeatwithari  lieskillthesoul  rossi4va they couldnt be relied upon not to groan       remember when on his first d .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov trump wants to  hes being stymied by the democrats   build the wall   ends the problem.
trump can pay for trumps wall .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov trump did not build these facilities  they were in operation during the obama a .
 merelyawoman  desniikura  govtwine maybe barr will share a cell wall with trump and have to listen to that yammeri .
 cynchamplin 1  immigration laws                                   2 shooting trump out cannon into a brick wall  .
some people are just rude for trump is building a wall that costs 7billion   the mexicans aren t aliens their human .
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump this is for  realdonaldtrump   not you   jeffreyguterman  l on trump and his wall .
this is new news   it has been happening for years yet now you all want to make a huge deal out of it   why   cause .
spearheaded by sen  kamala harris and signed by 19 democratic senators  including sen  cory booker  demand no more .
donald trumps wall or sanctuary cities that protect murderers  vote now    .
 warning  prepare for a very bad april as stock buyback blackout period begins     wall stre .
 potus     ore lies expected tomorrow from barr to keep donnies streak alive    only wall trump builds  .
 msellis51  t s p o o k y  radiofreetom bullish t    name one  concrete thing   besides holding rallies and handing .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump geez chuck    there s more important stuff going on this country than just trump    cl .
donald trumps wall or sanctuary cities that protect murderers  vote now    .
 democrazies .
 jimcosta  jennifer this is donald trump and im going to build a wall around your house .
 ewarren  aoc  time aoc has no idea what happens on wall street  and yes true power still rest with the people   .
 the truth behind stock buybacks  the real reason why companies buy back their own shares   .
 lesliempozsonyi  sabrigley  thespybrief  sueuvino  danbalitewicz  jec540  smhjan  dark falcon7  lfredenhall so  i .
tomorrow i m sure trump  barr and the gop will screw us to the wall  there is no rule of law under the republicans  .
 video  sears files for bankruptcy amid plunging sales  massive debt     wall street caused .
 repscottpeters no one          even illegal aliens are above the law    build the wall   no amnesty   e verify    trump 2020 .
 student debt rockets to record high  massive debt load punish american middle class     wal .
 advisingtrump2  repmattgaetz so then spend the     on revamping the courts to be able to process the asylum cases .
 sassymsviolet  clairermassey  pennycarrigan1  ommatid  sarahlies4trump  ignats66  gentlemindmom  cyferptvila .
 repjerrynadler  maddow barr  trump  guilliani are scrambling for a cover up   its obvious   dont need a law degr .
 verambergen  lauferlaw republican heads exploded when obama s ag met bill clinton on the tarmac for a brief chat  .
  thejusticedept is no longer a beacon for the world of judicial integrity     doj is now just a bureaucratic wall to .
 tedcruz how does it feel that your best bud trump is punishing cuba  mr im all for trumps wall .
h  7 charts show chinas massive debt rapidly soaring since financial crisis     massive deb .
 brandonbeeson23  dennizenx  realjameswoods i don t trust either side  so your sadly mistaken  trump has admitted a .
 dyllyp will the wh offer to assist in rehab  of notre dame replace the wall that trump is fixated on .
 j63838114  realdonaldtrump we agree again  if you actually care  amp  stand up to lobbies  who have the only thing tha .
 cnn s tapper is as slimy as they come   he is accusing  realdonaldtrump of stealing  150 000 from a small businesspe .
60 doctors  pharmacists charged in largest us opioid prescription bust       glad the wall stopp .
 c0lettea i m sorry for your loss  but the six billion for a wall would be far better spent helping addicts like yo .
 ehxirene  rebelzyzz   xcoorsa la propuesta de trump social tampoco era la mejor y ha hecho record historico en wall street.
 realdonaldtrump trump lying as usual  what new sections of the wall  the only thing happening with the wall are re .
the upcoming financial crisis that will dwarf that of 2008   expect civil unrest    wall str .
 massive loan crisis    the debt bubble will burst     wall street is 100  fake and washingt .
 nbcnews  roripierpont1 did trump ask him about his views on his wall .
 dr fred davies  truefactsstated  maddogpac my husband says the one thing that might work w magas is if trump came .
 realdonaldtrump trump  shut this bullshit frame on me and my family show in ri down please  and stop fundind this .
 charliekirk11 trump is supportive of zionist israel where they kill palestinians on their side of the wall which n .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 charliekirk11 on trump you forgot         gave jerusalem to israel which could cause another war         threatened kim jo .
 pannlewis44  xscoutie  robin volpi  veterans i  trellfrombmore  kellismith15  abronxchick  birdieglad .
 americans and canadian massive debt impossible to ever pay back  now even worse   wall stre .
 repadamschiff nail trump to the wall he wants to build  the republicans will pay for not standing up to him   .
 matty jl  abnheel  nprpolitics i now know the trump team considers bernie to be their biggest threat  they ve swit .
 americans face massive credit card debt    this will not end well    wall street caused all .
 karolcummins your typical coke for votes and hitmen scandal   wow  politician cut out the middleman and dealing di .
 breaking north korea test fires a new tactical guided weapon with a  powerful warhead   the first such launch sinc .
 isiah4congress  aoc unfortunately the later is running the country  did i say running  i meant ruining  i left .
 justingivofoque  ap it s trump building that wall in america  pepe .
 ad whitman  exposinglibsbs  realdonaldtrump 1  whats even worse is that there are people that are posing as trump .
i give this brave patriot huge kudos for challenging the president  governor bill weld is a very capable challenger .
watch  japan s out of control printing    massive debt  amp  negative interest rates     absolut .
how come no one has done a trump build a wall joke about wizards vs muggles .
 realdonaldtrump president trump  perhaps since the democrats change their mind every other day about what support  .
 antisocial ext the only point she made was to give credit to trump for the decline of black unemployment instead o .
watch  20 20 credit card debt    debt out of control and wall street has the biggest debt  .
 lookforsun  senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov i haven t seen trump s tweet on immigration to be all about rating .
 bearmanshannon lol in the wall  you know  like trump supporters want to be .
 indivisiblenet yup i m buying this helmet for head protection when trump says something stupid he makes you want t .
 realdonaldtrump  teamtrump trump putting barbed wire on top of the wall obama built  trumps idea of building grea .
 uberfacts that s how long itll take trump to build the wall.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal      trumps love buddy is spitting in .
 519bill  leomx10  shaunking  mohamburger you probably assist  i mean  resist   like how the democrat establishment .
growing up i traveled with my dad who worked for the feds  i listened to diplomats discuss w  him the heartbreak of .
 charliekirk11 republicans voted against funding veterans funds   trumps using military funding that would help mil .
 peterdaou the rest of it has been window dressing to trick people like you that there is a choice   trump s wall  .
 charliekirk11 trump is a fake intellectual who was a fake businessman and ran a fake university  he ran for potus .
 huffpost trump can t even get one wall built  how is he going to help rebuild a whole building   that s four walls and a roof .
president trump how about turning lemons into lemonade give the people you have to keep jobs building the wall    i .
 yogagenie by stopping trump and his stupid wall in his tracks  .
 annievanleur i expect nadler  schiff  waters  etal to behave like 3 d 9 caterpillar bulldozers  this is just anoth .
 truefactsstated did they genuflect to trump at the wall .
 kxnewsminot kxnews covers highly choreographed fisher wall sham show   why   because its a sham to please trump .
 margaret ruane  speakerpelosi  jeremycorbyn pelosisdemocrat party is the ruination of america they dont want ill .
 pjhayes17  coconinodems  gop  realdonaldtrump bill weld on trump s policies   he has a one word environmental poli .
 victorwanyama  championsleague  spursofficial give tips to trump on that wall.
 coconinodems  gop  realdonaldtrump sounds good    i m not sure how serious mr  trump is about governing  honestly  .
i will never forget this interview and through rage and tears i remember turning to my brother in law and our jaw d .
 allforone78  senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov trump s obsession with the wall has stalled the good effort that c .
 senwarren  realdonaldtrump  icegov president trump is with standing and holding up our constitution  you arena doi .
 corybooker wrong again  obama is the one that inserted the cages  president trump is upholding our constitution an .
how in the hell is the us so quick to help france  flint still and has been dealing with water issues  new orleans .
once again canada  amp  europe vs usa on cuba as trump rolls clock back on 1959 cuban revolution against illuminati wal .
 jasonscampbell  ilhanmn thats because theres not a lot of reasonable ppl amongst trump supporters  they think if .
 trumpgoodforusa  potus  vp  secpompeo  gop  homelandgop  dhsgov  thejusticedept who else     donald trump     only i c .
 the trump train but theyre trying to say you cant transfer money out of other accounts to build the wall   funny .
 cbs4tim  matt kroschel yea trump we sure do need that wall.
 senfeinstein and all at tax payers expense dianne  disgusting   obey the rule of law    build the wall   no amnesty   e verify    trump 2020 .
 bettinam125  nevertooslow  thedaemonspawn  scottpresler trump was the one asking for the  25 billion  dems rejecte .
 amandionair 2  all the house has to do is not appropriate a penny for the wall  or the war in yemen  or for doj to .
consumer financial protection bureau was founded after the 2008 financial crisis to level the playing field between .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacyprogram .
love masons  paceegg  easter  egg  trump  wall .
 orangello2  anncoulter if trump took her advice we would have a damn wall.
 stonecold2050 can you imagine tv tomorrow   wall to wall sarah  kellyanne  rudy  gaetz  jordan     ugh .
 realdonaldtrump lies lies lies and more lies no wall no fence no solutions 28  of americans polled think the econo .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall.
 borutken  seanhannity in that never satisfied group eh ken   not to worry my friend  your on the trump side of the wall .
actually this also makes it appeared that the democrats clinton and obama were baiting us because of the new trump .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacyprogram  .
john bolton talking about eminent domain  amp  cuba  what about that wall  amp  americans    mtpdaily this is about venezue .
 mikelee762  4yrstoday right  so all the thousands of miles of similar looking  wall  that have existed for years w .
these sanctuary cities all of of sudden are saying they gonna sue trump because he wants to send them migrants    s .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 aoc they shouldnt be here  its not their fault  its the parents   or the traffickers   build the wall  trump in 2020.
republicans are also on vacation      republicans didn t change the immigration laws while they had total control over .
trump appointee to turn wall street watchdog cfpb into financial literacy program  via  circleboom.
 aoc caging kids  the new go to  she doesnt have the swag that trump does to say off the wall things and g .
 cecelia fabian  kamalaharris so you think everything else in the bill was what trump wanted  false  the dems have .
 andypaughrules1  cnn just how is the republican conservative party message disgusting  trump says we need a wall  .
the wall street journal reported last week that the southern district of new york has interviewed members of trump  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 gabe katz   neoavatara and she voted against wall funding and voted to block trump s emergency declaration  .
 katja thieme  rasmansa  nathanoseroff i don t like that angle too   it accentuates abs i don t have and doesn t gi .
 chriscejnar  thomasmalley14  joey18216823  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump trump isn t responsible for th .
 kaitmarieox  berniesanders trump taking taxpayer money to fund the wall isn t stealing  but wanting to use that sa .
 tulsigabbard few people realize jews an arabs fought side by side inside the wall of jerusalem  against christians .
why isn t anyone talking about this       trumps wall made of childrens school buses by  ethanhawleypub .
  jakubjanda  alexalvarova trumps watch at the wall    oops thats different saga.
trump wants his southern wall as a political trophy  it would help him with his reelection bid  he can also boast about it to his base .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   cnnpolitics .
 realdonaldtrump 38 miles of fencing has been repaired as appropriated under obama     zero new wall built under trump.
  via the trump train will not stop until the wall is built  .
 repgosar what about looking at real solutions as to where and why the invasion is occurring   these biased parti .
the trump train will not stop until the wall is built  via  sallyspolitical.
 devincow i thought we were full   trump says we need a wall because there s no more room for any more  people     .
 jameswinslow3  noticerthing  skynews just like how trump doesnt want a wall built  if the wall got built  then he .
 thelindsayellis nothing of real value will get done with trump in office  at least this might distract the big tod .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  realdonaldtrump what happened .
in case anyone hasn t noticed  this dude is a fucking asshole  5 bill for a wall  12 bill to farmers  2 trill to pe .
our nation must enforce every law already passed by congress  our nation must be based on the rule of law  no one i .
our nation must enforce every law already passed by congress  our nation must be based on the rule of law  no one i .
the trump train will not stop until the wall isbuilt  .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realdonaldtrump here s is some of trump s favorite words    tremendous  great  strong  badly  collusion  not my faul .
 michiganman567  wolfnationalist  whatsth61068280  couturetroll  cashmoneyglock  scottsummersson the wall issue wil .
 blk ops1 its sad that so many people are still falling for this scam when trump cant use the money and he has the money for the wall .
 fordmb1 it won t happen  but it most assuredly would have had we not elected trump   wall street shudders at the s .
 georgepf84  nan3rnan3r  respecugnize  subject null  klefthxi  kayyybearxo that s awful  literally they want a cost .
 maddezmom  matthewamiller yes they will  we ll see saturation wall to wall reruns of trump and barr .
 michiganman567  wolfnationalist  whatsth61068280  couturetroll  cashmoneyglock  scottsummersson no  i want the wal .
 steph93065  trump world muslims have ruined france and the rest of europe  except for hungary  which did the right thing and put up a wall .
 waythingworks these are the guys who will tunnel under trump s wall .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews fox news has seen the writing on the wall  they realize that they have to survive post ca .
one reason trump might be afraid to face kamala harris is that he knows hes have trouble insulting her without los .
 aaronjmate i think trump and rhodes want the same result in vzla but the latter is smart enough to realize this br .
 senrickscott  realdonaldtrump  vp  secpompeo  ambjohnbolton even as idiot trump wants to confiscate americans  pro .
 4yrstoday if trump says it s being built  then you can bet that no new wall is being built  if i were a contractor .
 funder wish someone would build a huge wall around traitor trump s mouth.
 realdonaldtrump thank you president obama for funding the wall repairs and replacement now taking place that trump .
if obama had this much petty cash and didn t have to get approval from senate why can t trump use his petty cash fo .
 fairimmigration  campusreform  celinedryan not at taxpayer s expense        i would rather see it shut down      bui .
the mueller report tomorrow will do nothing but reveal the weak trump loyalists who talk a big game on television .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 nikkiwentling  aoc i wish i could be a fly on that wall    the hilarity would kill me   somebody ask her why trump .
 realdonaldtrump graffiti claas 1 0      wall outside   fu   trump    wall inside      freedom come with merit.
 califsassy  realdonaldtrump those sections of the  wall   it s actually a fence  were there since before obama was .
 otherkill  msinformed  realpotus2040  betoorourke  uva both parties are working together  they have been for a lon .
 realdonaldtrump pure evil    trump is going to slash social security  medicare   amp  medicaid to pay for his goddamn .
 repandybarr  aoc  dancrenshawtx spending billions of dollars on trump s wall is a your idea of fiscal responsibili .
 senrickscott  potus you might want to start at home  trump is stealing land to build a wall .
the senate vote on the wall brought trump closer to impeachment  przez  brookingsinst.
var  more device than the wall trump wants to build  .
 jdgreenblatt45  potus trump is racial and israelian agent   golan heights is syrian land and it will stay syrian   .
 speakerpelosi what a joke on america    build the wall nancy and protect our citizens and our country    trump 2020 .
 bluescluesvevo popped the wall faster than trump.
 shoebilldork  drnifkin  ambjohnbolton you re flying carpets are not going to fly high enough to get over trump s wall.
 michiganman567  wolfnationalist  whatsth61068280  couturetroll  cashmoneyglock  scottsummersson the only way i wil .
 rtenews i don t think trump feels the same way as pelosi because democrats are stupid envious politicians that wan .
need trump to build a wall in front of our goal.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit  the wall street journal .
how about congress do their job and pass a fucking budget instead of crying about ice  speakerpelosi  .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex hey mr  trump  this is about the cathedral not a  wall  stay away from the conversation .
poch now doing what trump has failed to deliver yet   build a wall of defence.
while  trump tries to build a wall to keep the drugs out there s this  .
hmmm    if only there were an ethnic group known for hard labor and building skills that could slap up that wall for trump   .
 gopleader two years and yoiu couldn t get trump his wall funding   you republicans are some of the laziest politic .
 nata5jaa2  thedemocrats oh really   we should just sit on our hands and do nothing like trump   i guess we can bui .
 kylekuzma so open the country to refugees  dont build the wall  and assist others around the world but dont supp .
 jbaker31826004 she bragged that it would be higher than trump s wall    .
 jcskinr like your trump tax increase  whos going to pay for the wall  you are you sucker  ha ha ha ha  sucker .
 pennycarrigan1  clairermassey  ommatid  sarahlies4trump  ignats66  gentlemindmom  cyferptvila  a patriciann .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 fairimmigration  washtimes  douglasernst wrong booker           your  sanctuary cities and states makes american c .
ok  im a brown skin american woman sick  amp  tired of dems trying to speek for me other women democratics try to convi .
 cityofyuma  whitehouse funny how we never had this problem before trump implemented his zero tolerance policy  may .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 resistance  feminist  fbr  uniteblue  metoo i cannot watch too much cnn  amp  msnbc because there s just too many imag .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    fiweh life    .
they just want them released into america  its for a voting bloc  20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  tru .
 pdotpushkin  brithume  trumps feed democrat talking points    middle class got more pay and tax breaks under trump   .
build the wall campaign button s    .
 lynnestone1968  lauriebriggs11  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25 .
 thenancer212  truefactsstated youre right we should nominate a centrist moderate wall street financed warmonger   .
 aoc aoc  in 12 years you will die if we dont pass climate change       also aoc  how dare trump use fear mongering to .
 commondefense hypocrites  trump just took money away from military housing and military dependents schools to fund .
eric the house elf smashed his face against the wall  hoping professor trump would finally notice him  he did not .
 ilhanmn it wasn t trump that bowed to the saudi s    we built a wall in yemem but we can t build a wall here  you pe .
 walshfreedom thats the problem einstein  while trump and you want a worthless wall  there arent enough processin .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
really  trump biblical  maybe persian king nebukadnezer  the writing is on the wall  .
the real story about trump isnt about  russiagate  its about wall street  and its about one billionaire in parti .
 dicey63  thebrownconser1  liserg14  ewiehler  drewgrey  kamalaharris of course when you re backed into a corner yo .
wsj wins pulitzer for coverage of trump hush money payments   the wall street journal won a pulitzer prize for a seri .
 realdonaldtrump theres no wall  never will be  this is another distraction from the distractor in chief to keep e .
  jakubjanda  alexalvarova it s a thoughtful piece that takes a serious stab at the trump presidency  and there s c .
 brandonbowser45 why is the wall important  should we not recognize people by their fruits  isn t trump more like t .
why is trump pushing wall and immigration to destruct trumpers  from tax cuts not working for them  tariffs killing .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
madonna is singing a reggaeton in her new album   ai ai ai   put a wall around that  trump   medellin.
with a heavy heart i m taking down my trump pence 2016 flag and putting the maga hat away  zion don is not america .
thank you mr president  we have you to thank for this   kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   .
 taco adorable  bishesbrew  shorelifecrissy  thehill no  im not looking it up  there are pics of repaired sectio .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile make no mistake  the  gop is scared of  sensanders   wall street .
 realdonaldtrump you are going to win  amp  win  amp  win  again    god will bless you  amp  your family  you are doing a great .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex says trump the builder of the wall .
 akivaelefant  whitehouse trump hired corrupt billionaires that brought the economy to it s knees obama rescued red .
what is the real reason yall trump supporters support the wall  like fr i need true reasons lol.
who  gives  a  fuck   democrats vote for illegal war  torture  wall st bail outs  building oil pipelines and expand .
if the mueller report reveal felonies trump is shown to be guilty  should trump be sent to prison        america s neve .
 realdonaldtrump they don t have to come back from vacation for anything  your not going to get a wall only impeach .
adds building a wall will be the largest land grab in us history and sjr535 sends the message that its okay to tak .
please read this commentary by  alexalvarova       .
 repmarkmeadows wow    you havent read it either    why dont we wait and read it first  btw  trump is doubling do .
iowa poll  registered republicans like trump but 40 percent want a gop challenger  via  dmregister.
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex conversation   we could paint it gold  place my logo trump then all will know  it s perf .
 itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump trump asked the pope if he would like to build a wall around notre dame  trump sa .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
his idea of a wall is adding the trump name on existing walls   how much does a sign cost   the rest of the money g .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 haymanwood  peteperkins8  tactical review  thelastraid  sirroby1  machinejustice youve got a sex predators name o .
such a great negotiator djt is  but you know theyre lke  bffs kim jong un sends message to trump with military vis .
 thehill liar    president trump has talked about more than just a wall     the plan includes  5 7 billion for a strate .
the more i hear these latino and rap featurings the more i understand why trump wants to build a wall.
 crawford maci okay  trumps re opening steel mills all over the usa and building the wall out of us steel and bring .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 peterdaou ill never vote for a corporatist dem who does many of the same things as trump  obama  spy  bomb  drill .
 whitehouse  potus thank you  barackobama for rescuing the economy from corrupt republican capitalist greed  bringi .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  once again you dont fall in love .
 realdonaldtrump hey      the absolute smallest federal building being planned       the donald trump presidential libra .
the idea that trump not being able to pass his wall spending through congress constitutes an emergency is absurd  .
inside trump s most valuable tower  felons  dictators and girl scouts .
i felt bad for the parents until she hit us with the build a wall and got support trump in her bio .
 calvink69  kthopkins trump has the right idea    build a great big f     g wall .
 riseupwalkaway2  innermostinn  sianoresist  realdonaldtrump  pontifex obama ruined three black churches and snuck .
 jali cat  senatemajldr  senategop  senatedems  gopleader  housedemocrats  sengillibrand  gop if dems would put hat .
 vegapatomos  claudioalpizar 1   there is no wall  2   dont speak for the rest of latin americans not everyone is .
7  the donald trump who was going to actually build a wall  would love to meet that character .
 epberg i haven t seen an immigration plan from trump transporting people to sanctuary cities in building a wall ar .
mulvaney guts consumer protections to bolster profits for pay day lenders and wall street    .
 anncoulter we are all being played    this is what trump is all about  refusal to fund the wall is forcing his hand .
trump donor faces a second federal probe   the wall street journal   .
 alyssa milano i have more money in my pocket  no missiles from north korea  the trade deals are now fair for ameri .
.
 officialmcafee  realmattcalvin its donald trump isnt it  hes building a wall if btc hits 10k again.
oh  this is gonna make trump so mad    this will weaken him next year   he will still win nomination  but it will w .
 realdonaldtrump pinocchio trump at it again  there are no big sections of new wall being built  what a bullshitter .
 ayerya 01 i personally dont but there are a lot of black  hispanic  asian people out there that support trump and .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal      kim jong un gives cheeto the midd .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
          .
crying on this coach bc this world is so fucked and humanity is truly lost  some rich bastards payout 600 000 for .
 peterdaou connections to wall st  banks  healthcare industry  and so on  people rightfully saw her as corrupt  bel .
beto orourkes hometown  donald trumps wall and the 2020 election   canada.
 bhweingarten expropriating property    like all the people whos land trump would steal for his wall       destroyin .
 today the consumption of fentanyl is strongest in the northeastern united states  where dominican gangs have tradi .
 repadamschiff stand by your ethics  laws  and humanities  trump has none of the mentioned qualities judgement day .
 crystalclear  amy siskind no   you are think of trump   clinton is a little too close to wall street for my liking .
le wall street journal vient de remporter un prix pulitzer pour avoir rvl le stratagme   pornstar hush money  d .
 z71guy66  gavinnewsom donald trump should be doing that job but he spends 2 3rd of his presidency at the mar a lag .
america processed trump and decided he wasn t that horrible after all  even though we have red hot healthcare issue .
 chuckgrassley their only priority is building trumps wall .
  kamalaharris leads 19 senate democrats in a letter demanding       less   on immigrant detention beds   no extra   fo .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realalitweets  1 we need to beat trump   we need to listen to polls  if they show someone has a better chance of b .
 realdonaldtrump they are not comming back from vacation because you say so  get over it  you had 2 years to fix th .
 seanhannity why is it illegal   arent these sanctuary cities willing to take illegal immigrants   arent they fig .
 aclevernickname  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch they swore up and down for 2 years .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 rep hunter did the dea man inform you that trump s wall would be a useless exercise in bigotry and jingoism        ask .
 russell27495453  awaketoday  bigbrothergod1 if he didnt run into dems who 10 years ago funded the wall for  26b b .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  kimjongun  standsfirm .
 speed333force  mgtymoose13  goldyvox  donpepitoandy your dismissals of trump while also praising of obama for what .
democrats trying to stop the wall   partly because they re working with mexican cartels  and partly to stymie trump .
 realdonaldtrump highly decorated marine general  ret  john kelly   former trump cos  amp  sec  homeland security  spok .
here s why john cornyn and ted cruz will be in austin today  to remind texas landowners that trump s needless wall .
 ryanafournier  diblasios fight should be with the  democrats opposing the wall  not with  trump.
 lord ouranos trumps endgame is to make them reluctantly and begrudgingly support the wall  checkmate.
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews false   fauxnews was big before trump   they are cockroaches and they see the .
 speakerpelosi pelosi didn t work with trump and wall   but now wants trump to work with her   imagine that.
president trump  for god s sake  take care of our own before you offer assistance to the rest of the world    we have .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 dawnsullivan88 trump can give him a nickname  trump can call him old and feeble and a marxist and it will be cover .
 senkamalaharris would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  .
meanwhile eminent domain land grab lawsuits in texas by the trump admin to build the wall continue    .
 thedemcoalition would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  .
  jaquanc yeah cuhs russ building that brick wall quicker than trump .
 thedemocrats would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  the .
 womenintheworld would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  .
ny times  wall street journal win pulitzers for trump probes   pulitzer  pulitzerprize  nytimes  wallstreetjournal.
 kailijoy would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  then bu .
 craigrsawyer we see em  but can t do much anyway thanks to   resistanceunited greatest chiefs    nwo     dnc  un .
 umauerblumchen  repmattgaetz  repdustyjohnson  reppetestauber report on fisher sand and gravel  september 1  2017 .
fox news veers left  new pels ag  alleva out  the advocates pay wall  rispones trial lawyer  will wade  post muel .
 parrypierce you seem to be accusing the prior pope of leading bannon against the church   the popes have denounced .
trump gets his wall  .
 time  aoc  ewarren wow i m missing something here   media  amp  dems say trump in office cause he wanted wall   if pow .
 gaysfortrumpfl i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our troops  bringing back the jobs  looking good .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal   what happened to the budding fri .
my friends in turks and caicos want a wall too        they want a trump to protect them   true story   buildthewall.
y su mensaje final fue   look at trump s hair  it s orange  he is from europe  go build a wall there  not in my lan .
 actforamerica  venusnbella i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our troops  bringing back the jobs  .
is wall street hedging on a trump win in 2020  let the  experts from  cedarville university tell you why  .
 mitchellvii screw them    believe in trump    believe in the maga movement     continue to build the wall   .
.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 thetoodleloo  senatortomudall  alexisdiane007 its not trump   he has only been in charge for two years  weve been .
yo daughter was on fentanyl   jenny   her dreams werent gon come true an yo family was gon be destroyed anyway   i .
 kmbnark  speakerpelosi the center left  who would that be the people who never sent any wall street bankers to jai .
 thehill would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  then bui .
 thehill would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  then bui .
build trump the bloody wall   .
 bonn1egreer trump has good instincts when it comes to malignant populism  the wall  the  caravan   ilhan omar  he .
 realdonaldtrump .
 larryelder notre trump  trumpre dane  notrump dane  idk  all i know is itll have a big  beautiful wall  believe m .
 seanhannity i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our troops  bringing back the jobs  looking good pr .
 robbyhuffman  speakerpelosi she is too busy having fancy lunches with elite members of the dem party trying to sto .
gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulations repealed  us energy independent  isis destro .
 realdonaldtrump  border wall is taking way too long to build   why not multiple builders wo .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump he is talking about the wall in trump fantasy land where he lives 24 7 .
 themarkpantano  bluesingincat trump wants to build a wall  problem solved  your welcome.
wall street cierra en negativo tras el aviso del fmi y la amenaza de trump a europa .
 njgirl108  cnn the crisis is the influx of refugees and the lack of immigration judges to process these cases  i .
 derek mafs  aoc check out her campaign video where she told a group of children in a park she wanted to get electe .
the trump administrations proposed border wall will bisect vital habitat for the monarch butterfly and other at ri .
 craigrsawyer  anamerican4  judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump  .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
brennan center expert  lizagoitein says that lawsuits over trump s emergency declaration will likely face hurdles i .
this makes sense  remember  obama mccain was close until near end  when wall st crashed under gop wh  mccain also f .
trump wants to build a wall around burning man  only techno .
 eileen21715296  cityofyuma  whitehouse there is a way  the democrats will not let trump do it  for two and a half .
 maurycompsonsb1  claudioalpizar limp your foreign ass to the other side of the wall  since you pussies are so scar .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journalthis cant be good .
poor effort on the nicknaming here  is joe biden sleepy  come on trump  you can do better   batty bernie   screwy s .
it s a good question because i had to think through my criticism   it s not clear  works where the uncertainty is d .
 realdonaldtrump great pres  trump then build a wall around these cities.
 swingleft  malcolmnance to create and perpetuate a crisis so that trump can build his legacy to small hands wall.
would you like to beat back russian invaders set to pillage  sack  and destroy the united states  then build trump .
 dncgarbage  clr78253  cnn he absolutely did have the majority during those years   the republicans aren t as loyal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
if you go to hillbillys tonight that obvi means you support trump and want the wall to be built.
 stevelez28  cityofyuma  whitehouse oh shut your mouth  trump told you and everybody else this was a crisis  that t .
 maga  trumptrain  tcot  ccot  americafirst  buildthewall      did lyin  matt really think he d get away with this       ma .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump laughable oh  well trump is laughable climbing a wall that obama actually ordered to be .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump texans dig in as trump eyes eminent domain in wall fight   if its going to be a cont .
 realdonaldtrump trump s wall will never be built   stupidcampainrhetoric  fantasyisland.
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
 mike pence  realdonaldtrump texas republican whose district shares 820 miles of the border tells rolling stone tha .
 westxgal  lindamu93790975  realdonaldtrump  gop just a few years ago  barry approved of the border wall .
some items are so off the wall that you have to check the source to make sure that its not from the onion  i thoug .
 ryanholtzclaw4  time  govchristie  realdonaldtrump ok but who wants to put up a wall  get rid of immigrants  and a .
i believe the real wall is around donald trump s heart .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex there was a point in time when we thought the  trump wall  would join the ranks of the n .
 20 dems say   we cannot support the appropriation of funds that would expand this administrations unnecessarily .
the last thing america needs is an ebola outbreak  build the wall  congress needs to close the loupe holes and sto .
wall street banks and real estate developers have been eagerly awaiting the regs  which trump s administration says .
 hickory66 i d rather trump leave gop  where he s pretty much alone  and go independent  then just executive order .
 chistoole  thedemocrats your idol trump has no intention of solving the crisis  he uses it to stir up your emotion .
 team mitch  trumpstudents is that what trump said when the gop senate rejected his immigration proposals  wall fun .
 righthookusa called   said  we want the campus police chief re instated  supporting trump  likes the nra and suppo .
 politico they also believe the wall is already being built  that climate change isnt real  that trump is a brilli .
in most polls  most americans think trump is a bad president  say no to wall and war with north korea .
hypothetically speaking  i feel like were about to be trapped in the united states to be terminated  theyll then .
if 1 more person says i look mexican or walks up to me speaking spanish im helping trump build this wall.
 realdonaldtrump against rapey donald trump counting on russian help again   are you planning on telling the truth .
 tytarmy3  jdunnington  medicareforall   collegeforall  living wage  amp  taxing the rich are all overwhelming popular .
 toddeherman  twitter so far support most of what trump does but france don t need our help rebuilding  we need the .
this dumbass thinks hes making a real threat here  i would say trump has reverted to catch and release since he ca .
our goal is to dump our rinos and take back our congress    and hold our senate minus our rinos   election 2020 is .
   dankology   yea lets just ignore the fact that trump shut down the government to fund a wall but didnt want to .
 cnn you know  if you put  trump  on the front of the cathedral  i will give you some of my wall money for renovations .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   via  youtube.
 repmattgaetz from fox news     forget about a border wall  trump and congress should agree on these immigration p .
 repmattgaetz texas republican whose district shares 820 miles of the border tells rolling stone that trump s borde .
 repmattgaetz trump s border wall is a vortex of stupidity that trump and the gop           jan .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse no new construction has begun on any part of the wall  all work done or started to dat .
 markknoller  potus the wall has vanished from trumps vocabulary .
 larryelder an entire cathedral  id settle for trump just doing one wall in that time.
 benshapiro really    pretty trump would feel slighted        best health care   4 gdp   build the wall   pull out of wars   fa .
william mcgurn on fbi investigation into trump campaign  the key is the attorney general needs a grand jury speci .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 cvpayne anecdotal evidence that trumps main st economy continues to separate from wall st economy  just the way it used to be .
i just plastered gaetz fake border videos with this story  two other republicans with him  didn t pretend they were .
 thedemocrats democrats are so quick to find grow up  amp  help the president  which is one thing you re suppose to do  .
 speakerpelosi donald j trump  realdonaldtrump    democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change t .
 seanhannity and you got 20k from where     maybe if i didnt have to pay for a wall wed have some extra money  or .
donald j trump  realdonaldtrump    democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn video .
      like  america  make  canada great again   maga    canada needs a leader like donald  trump  .
bill weld on president trump   he has a one word environmental policy  hoax  a one word immigration policy  wall   .
president trump is diverting billions of dollars in federal funds to build his border wall   and its all coming at .
 realdonaldtrump wall off the white house quickly  so he can t escape      trump  maga  wednesdaywisdom.
 pokerfa06885337  realdonaldtrump  pontifex just like the trump monument wall   d.
 piersmorgan like trump building a wall.
 realdonaldtrump the only walls being built on the border are those that were already approved  none of the wall tr .
 speakerpelosi then build the wall  approve all of president trump s cabinet  agree to all the republicans proposals  then resign .
 cbsnews got two supream courts judges great but failed about building the wall so mcconnell needs to come with lit .
 cecelia fabian  senkamalaharris  thedemocrats trump s not building a wall in central america  these people are com .
congress has turned into an argument over the 2016 election of donald trump  that is what they are     an arguement .
 hopejmichael  realdonaldtrump there s a plaque he had installed on a section of the  obama  wall that was repaired .
 prisonplanet reminder that it s been 2  years and trump has failed to deliver anything close to a wall .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   via  youtube.
 bneidhardt  startribune and yet the national news will continue to say  but what about the blue wall states  to b .
top 10 border walls and their effectiveness  trump is constantly talking about building a wa .
 cherylfay  realdonaldtrump trump doesnt lie about his political mandate  following through on accounts    not like .
democrats are up to their old tricks    trying to  defundice        realdonaldtrump is proud to stand with the brave me .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall   crooks and liars  mattgaetz poops  .
 realdonaldtrump president trump democrats will never work with you  don t wait on them do your thing and close bor .
 gop how could trump let this happen under his administration  it s been 2 yrs  wtf has he been doing  eating fast .
patriots support president trump to keep america great  amp  build the wall for the security of all americans  .
patriots support president trump to keep america great  amp  build the wall for the security of all americans  .
and lemme repeat  fuck trump and his followers and fuck the wall that will do nothing but divide this country  but .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
westbrook really shot 4 14 from 2s and 1 6 from 3s   someone said trump could use him to build the wall with all that brick .
nothing but clear skies for trump at murdochs  foxnewschannel  so why so much stormy weather at murdochs  wsj  my .
 people are starving in puerto rico but trumps wall is the priority   25th .
oh  yes  the problem of racism is over  trump assumes he has won  just like he thinks the wall is almost finished  amp  .
when your white supremacist card is bounced  send him to the jail with the most angry and wrongly indicted blacks a .
 c0lettea this is sad  trump is capitalizing on your loss and pain with this build the wall nonsense  knowing good .
kim jong un sends message to bumbling idiot trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall   crooks and liars .
 realdonaldtrump those big sections of wall are replacing old barriers in disrepair   this work had been designated .
patriots support president trump to keep america great  amp  build the wall for the security of all americans  .
 lupthegrove  peterdaou majority of dems wanted hillary  she won primaries by 4 mil  the general by 3 mil  so i don .
 aceofplanes15  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump deflect from the truth all you want  but the facts are that no sectio .
 firstpost  manuraj1983 who is building the opposition wave    trump requires them to help him with the wall .
 mosny 2 youre asking the wrong guy  ask dickhead trump who wants to build a wall .
 davidmetroland  brianbloop  vikingavfc  wittgenstein016  bloo40  jtillx  dw2essex  charliehicks90  twvasi .
 mmpadellan show me a woman that      isn t corporate bought     has a history of favoring the people over corporations .
 negushamitic  realdonaldtrump that is terrible to use a bank to fund prison camps to children and minors  that is .
 jim herd     .
failed  everyone knows the expertise of the failing us infrastructure  realdonaldtrump  your fake wall doesnt exis .
 walshfreedom funny  now your making rules on trump supporters   your supporting the wrong side of the  wall  for i .
 dzhou108  frankluntz bush won re election with less than 50    trump won election with less than 50    its not ab .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall     .
the number of plans  amp  proposals that s she s already released shows this is far more than  pandering  and .
 realdonaldtrump why should the  democrats stop their holidays while you mr  trump is out playing  golf and costing .
hey  trump supporters who claim to be concerned about animals     how do u continue to support him  .
strongly supported a border wall  as trump is not a single tr.
good afternoon  draft dodger trump    money appropriated to remove asbestos from military dependents schools in germa .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall  .
but the fucking white house cant help flint  puerto rico  cant help the huge homeless population we have  cant h .
donald trump   the beast  rfid chip  the wall is the robots  keeping you in  calm before the storm  .
 gop  lindasuhler easy solution to get dems to flip  hand out maga ball caps to all of the illegals  make dems thin .
donald trump   the beast  rfid chip  the wall is the robots  keeping you     via  youtube.
u s  company shocks trump  makes a border wall offer nobody could refuse   via  youtube.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 bud cann  sxdoc yes bud   and why .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall       vote2020.
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall a hoax  cnn video .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit  the wall street journal .
for uncovering president trumps secret payoffs to two women during his campaign who claimed to have had affairs wi .
 paulfcgoool  millennialg0p is this your biggest and or only reason   im interested in learning your motivation fo .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex trump has been very clear that his desire for the wall was a screen to play with the min .
 gtconway3d that s useful to keep in mind  trump is always and only addressing his base when he speaks or tweets  .
 polopapi5  bleacherreport lol trump may want to get westbrook build a tremendous brick wall .
 we cannot support the appropriation of funds that would expand this administrations unnecessarily cruel immigrati .
 ingrahamangle might have thought so  until trump tweeted the wall is already being built and border police are doi .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall   crooks and liars .
built  not so fast   a group of republican lawmakers claimed they were watching trump s wall being built at the bor .
 ivankatrump  whitehouse  usaid just stay with trump  the only change is getting illegal immigrants back home and b .
 nate mcmurray it like trump during the government in scotland asking them to build a wall to stop the rise of the .
the average cost to house inmates in federal or state facilities is  30 000 per year  you do the math   that amount .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
 thehill it is not trump wall   its usa security wall  fence  kamala.
gop challenger  trump has single word policies  challenger  gop  gopchallenger trump spoliciesare hoax and wall cnn .
trump  or  cadetbonespurs  fuckingmoron is all about bluff   throw shit on the wall and see what sticks kind of blu .
 realdonaldtrump dear president trump  i am proud to call you my president  i was thinking  if you can t get the mo .
hey check this out  trump can put this on the border for the wall and save the world from climate change simultaneo .
 ngameztorres  miamiherald trump s administration is ready to limit everything  except building a f cking wall .
if trump loads up california  amp  new york everyone will want a wall and immigration reform  .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal why dont we send a little rocke .
ok the tweet isnt even about if a wall is effective or not its about letting trump supporters create an environme .
just in  20 dems demand no more money for ice agents or trump wall  .
 theinrich22  fedagentmark  hillaryclinton .
 rbreich  please follow and rt  how many kickbacks from that wall would somehow funnel back to the trump family   .
 sengillibrand wouldn t vote for you    good thing you have zero chance of winning against trump    .
 realdonaldtrump thank you so very much mr   president donald trump for going through with the wall   you are doing .
 highserenity49  windellmcdonal2  willieg36155135  nowthisnews trump has a mess on his hands  he wants to do the ri .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  via  googlenews.
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall .
 greekfire23 that was fake news nbc with john hardwood making the prediction for wall street   can still see their .
 kamalaharris wouldn t vote for you        .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal   flying high again  .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall .
 althompsoniii  realtt2020  kyleclark sure  conspiracy theory  nothing on his wall but gop and trump propaganda guy .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall  senate democrats are urging top members of the appropriati .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall  .
 realdonaldtrump go play golf fat ass     the  senatedems  amp   housedemocrats will clean up another crisis trump create .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall .
 gop and trump created the crisis  when they heard he was going to build a wall they started packing  when he said .
20 dems demand no more money for ice agents  trump wall   thehill         democratsaredestroyingamerica      qanon.
he makes total sense  gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn politics .
also the reason trump is pushing for slat wall   immigration is bullshit    who do you think will make steel slat w .
 hemptemptress alabama has always been a backwood shit hole  believe me ive been there many times  trump should bu .
whaaa  3 trump goonies lied    gop reps   repmattgaetz  repdustyjohnson  reppetestauber were caught deceiving the .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit  the wall street journal .
 kmchugh621  rjhenning2016  nofascistlies  horticarter34  swayslandjordan  thedemocrats  davidbrockdc  neeratanden .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 donaldjtrumpjr first thing is to stop the building of the trump wall  what a waste of money that is .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch let s rid america of this illegally elected russian puppet and notorious con .
william mcgurn on fbi investigation into trump campaign  the key is the attorney general needs a grand jury speci .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
 speakerpelosi    i just read the ny times article titled  stop sanders democrats   i have to say i disagree with th .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
 dutyofapatriot  jamierodr14  post armed guards liberally along the wall with orders to shoot to kill  president tr .
i am sorry to see  greenfieldpups ads on canada s rebel media  which says elizabeth warren is not human    denies c .
 truefactsstated  trump hasnt fulfilled his promise to build a wall  so now they are imagining they built the wall  crazy shit .
weld  trump has one word policies    hoax  for environmental change   wall  for immigration     presidenttrump .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall  trump 2020.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 smalltownandrew  panda12794 what exactly is trump doing to settle our immigration problem  were nowhere close to .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall  trump 2020.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal to all the people whom say we shou .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 joycewhitevance  fashionfunfemme wow  really  you use of words is astounding    wow   great   sad   bigley   trump   wall   coll .
 thedavidcrosby i feel very strongly that if trump thinks there s over  7 billion to build a wall that won t solve .
 kimjongun sends message to  trump with  military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 tinystomper  stryyderg  anncoulter finally  if  anncoulter is right and there is an emergency on the border  don t .
if donald trump were a poet hed be wall twitman .
trump should call the thunder to help build the wall with all these bricks theyre throwing up .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  realdonaldtrump well we can t b .
 sric30  abc  foxnews  cnn  senatorsinema  senmcsallyaz  repandybiggsaz  realdonaldtrump legislation is stalled bec .
 bert smeets maybe trump s wall is designed to keep those people inside instead of keeping people outside .
dems in the house pulled a  14 billion aid package  the senate sat on it  trump refused to approve it    but   he is sh .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex trump please don t give those crooked ass churches any of our tax money the pope wants t .
 realdonaldtrump hey don  how about some photos of those big sections of the wall now being built that you are lyin .
 jdish19581  timrunshismouth  realdonaldtrump trump misused charity cash to buy the painting  of himself   he gaine .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  realdonaldtrump was played by .
 i m not sure how serious mr  trump is about governing  honestly  he has a one word environmental policy   hoax   a .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal    is the love affair over  .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
think trumperware parties  trump tuesdays  women for the wall  students for trump and even truckers fortrump  .
 kris sacrebleu only one logical thing to do if you apply trump  gop logic  cut training and prevention budgets to .
 az2368  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump the wall is being built because idiot democrats got played by president trum .
 rsutter  donaldjtrumpjr explain to me why every bill dems and  bi partisan bills  mcconnell has refused to put to .
dan talked about paying for  realdonaldtrump  trump s border wall using el chapo s money way back in 2017 in .
 dance always    lynnestone1968  elizareynick  furburglarr  lauriebriggs11  barbann76  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 realdonaldtrump  chrisbergpovnow   says the guy headed to florida for another vacation golf outing   oh  and no .
 tinfoiihatman  jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump i will have trump erect a memorial for you while he s busy building the wall .
 brendalynne10  calmecam  pisseartiste  jkenney name one  how about russia     3 years  how did that go        please n .
trump really made the word wall offensive now.
 realdonaldtrump where where where is your wall being built    not replacement wall     real wall you fucking liar  .
new york times  wall street journal win pulitzer price for trump probes .
 avg republican  populistpepe2  4freedom4ever the wall  president trump has her blocked    look at her new target       w .
dems  wall st  insiders  were recently polled 70  think trump will get re elected  we must do grass roots campaigs  .
 joshscampbell trump is shitting so many bricks he could build the stupid wall by himself .
 jonathanmelloph its trump  orange  and the wall  bricks .
latino voters reject trump s fake national emergency   82  think congress was right to block trump on border wall  .
 c0lettea its not the mexicans fault its your daughters for being a fucking fiend so fuck you and your maga faggo .
 cutswonthealfla  loranneausley where is the federal aid to get these places back up for those local people  that a .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 kentucky1956  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump i dont beleive he donates his income   he is making millions otherwise    .
 alex scotian  britcan71  hmailandt3  alberta ucp  jkenney this is fine  for eg  trump blames everyone but no wall  .
 beglan michael  marcorubio marco sometimes makes me believe trumps wall is not such a bad idea  had migration fro .
if youre curious about regulatory capture or just wanna read something thatll make you want to kick a wall  highl .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  playing again the great thinker o .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   billweld is running for a gop  challenge against trump   th .
 repdustyjohnson one way to look at it      sure    another reason    many us employers  including trump   hire the .
 c0lettea i invite you to read and get informed before you talk or write   .
the full interview will stream on our website at 7 p m  tonight   .
 walshfreedom last time anyone checked  trump was using his charitable foundation to pay his personal bills  campai .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal      since im blocked by president .
2016   the media  particularly news media  was giving comrade trump wall to wall coverage   i am suspicious of the .
 latimes  doylemcmanus why does he need policies  policies don t sell  absurd reality tv superstardom does  outside .
love ganking other rogues  d7 and trump wall   into our fire your corpses go   lol .
so much for trumps bromance         kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 kylekuzma try s to do something nice and y all still hating   trump solves border crisis    liberal reaction  he  .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
praying for america and president trump   ezek 22 30a   i looked for someone among them who would build up the wall .
 occupyonelove  bloomberg  admits tremendous bias against  trump  why favor  deepstate treasonous players over .
 sunbeam tyger ca governor went to el salvador trying to bribe them into not sending more people  he made it look l .
just heard      trump had a conversation with the pope about fire in france  what a joke  he tries to get himself i .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  orangedonaldsbeenplayed .
 shutitdown president trump   until the wall is up        bordercrisis     stoptheinvasion .
 devincow       devinnunes      rotflmao       are you moo ving now        matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not tr .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal   meanwhile the imbecile is still .
trump s wall  maga .
 lesleyrstahl why wouldn t you ask pelosi about that nice wall around her house  and about san fran s homeless   ye .
 thedemocrats i guess trump is paying to bus ppl to our borders  and is incentivizing and encouraging ppl to jump t .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall  .
not to compare this shit to the game of thrones but its crazy how many people oppose trumps wall project and are f .
 realdonaldtrump great about the wall  mr president trump  but it would take a war to get democrats to get to work  .
 peterhlemieux if texas flips then gop is finished as a party  forever  not yet  that would happen 6 to 8 years fro .
donald trump and nina turner wrote legislation with the fcc to disenfranchise wall street .
i think we need to impeach  censor  amp  throw out of congress congresswoman omar   i think it s ridiculous that the de .
this is a great step moving forward  and we need more senators to join those who co signed the letter  we need cong .
in addition  the letter requests that congress rejects funding for trumps racist border wall   defundhate.
  realshaquille  jwydell  talbertswan  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump and we know damn well trump is a si .
 andrewcmccarthy  mschlapp  nypost partisan bs   anything to detract loved the video of  matt gaetz 100 miles from .
this is nelson peltz s  123 million fl estate  he s the hedge fund billionaire who owns wendy s  amp  chairs its board  .
 realdonaldtrump democrats in congress must do what their constituents want  not what you want        none of the wall .
 that guy lv  charliekirk11  aoc your not mr right  you re mr  wrong       dems  amp  repubs offered trump a full immigrati .
 spicyfiiesredux  artsycarol during the 2016 campaign  i was trolled on fb by friends from my hometown that claim .
 stucam7771 absolutely not   i get to pay for trump s golf outings and his ridiculous wall   and i pay for all the .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch keep leading on border security  president trump  the wall is an essential el .
keep leading on border security  president trump  the wall is an essential element of protecting all americans from gangs drugs  amp  crime maga.
 realdonaldtrump keep leading on border security  president trump  the wall is an essential element of protecting a .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  potus proud of yourself   .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
 gop maybe you should stop obsessing over a trump wall and get to the people s business of solving this problem       i .
 tutticontenti  realdonaldtrump trump s vanity wall could mean the demise of el jefe  amp  many others    .
 xrhondas  jbolo9476  bibliobibulimel  dancrenshawtx do trumpsters realize how long it will take to build the wall .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
rep  omar  trump didn t get his border wall  but he built an invisible wall  to keep muslimsout .
matt gaetz busted for lying  the photo is   not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
 familyunequal just as well  trump must not know that even building a magically reinforced 700  tall wall can t wit .
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex something tells me that the french don t need american help   just give them your though .
 devincow breaking  trump to use flying water tankers at southern border  has offered to build wall around notre dame   teamdevinscattle.
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall    crooksandliars .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
 lesliemarshall u  democrats are in the wrong side of this immigration problem  taxpayers are footing a  338b year .
 bornabrit1 sure going to cost a lot to feed them  to house them in detention  to clothes them  and provide medical .
breaking  trump to use flying water tankers at southern border  has offered to build wall around notre dame   teamdevinscattle.
 realdonaldtrump why build a wall now trump you said all illegals can go to sanctuary states.
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
why doesnt trump hire the amish to build the wall  if they left right now they would be done by sundown tomorrow .
 dailymail  mailonline and trump is more concerned about drugs coming over the wall   he needs to look closer to home .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 cityofyuma trump s border wall is a vortex of stupidity that trump and the gop           jan 9 .
 aocpress thats means we wont have hear from you anymore  god bless america and president trump  build that wall  .
 realdonaldtrump 1  no new sections of the trump wall are being built  nor will they ever    2  you better quit waddl .
 businessinsider the trump wall cost ot 5 billion could build 5 of these in the usa      you want 5 of these at your .
democratic oklahoma state rep   jdunnington  who accused democratic front runner bernie sanders of being like donal .
 cityofyuma trump s border wall is a vortex of stupidity that trump and the gop           jan 9 .
 thehill i agree we should look to our own people and their needs  but we should also help to rebuild this cathedra .
there is a crisis at the border  its just not what trump says it is   you cant keep relea .
 tomselliott hypocrite democrats falsely claim to be concerned humanitarians yet they refused to provide the nece .
wsj should just give up and admit they have no clue what game djt  amp  rocketman is playing        kim jong un sends messa .
now lets get going    buildthewall .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 episode 247  trump s family  a o c   parkland and the las vegas shooting w  brad binkley  is up on my website and .
imagine that  our southern cities are so overwhelmed by illegals that a state of emergency was declared  president .
 deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump  emmanuelmacron dad  whats welfare  im not sure  son   its what trump promi .
 the trump train have americans seen speaker pelosis multi million   home  take a look  america  because democrat .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
france says they will gladly take president trump s offer of assistance if they ever want a wall built around notre dame .
wsj  trump  inner circle  questioned in hush money probe   cnn video .
 bruinbrian82  charliekirk11 i ve is turning into trump s gestapo  they are not saying let them in  they are saying .
 d   repjerrynadler on trump and 9 11  he wasnt pres  then  but donald trump actually took a  150 000 grant fr th .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 seanhannity i back president trump  build the wall  bring back our troops  bringing back the jobs  looking good pr .
 harrisfaulkner   katiepavlich  melissaafrancis   the wall street journal bozo is an apologist for the corrupt deep .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
has trump considered that building a wall wont allow us to have a large  open concept space that is just perfect f .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  morgfair  .
 realdonaldtrump      icymi how is your buddy rocket man doing dotard       kim jong un sends message to trump with milit .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 alex32528674  mikelee762  4yrstoday just going with the odds   trump is the odds on favorite  in vegas and on wall street .
wsj  trump  inner circle  questioned in hush money probe   cnn video .
cory booker claims that trump is injecting fear into our country with his threat to release illegals into sanctua .
 spurshottakes  taliaagain  parappatherabbi  fbidenver  jeffcosheriffco i was replying to her stupidity  shes a ru .
 realdonaldtrump democrats in congress continue your vacationsdont heed this tweet from pinocchio donald trump .
were suing the trump administration over its attempt to manufacture a crisis and build a massive  hateful  unneces .
donald j  trump  realdonaldtrump       democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigratio .
trumps new budget slashes funding for public radio          that means some of your favorite radio shows could be gone .
 shoffner1974 funny thing about the economy is that it can be damaged in ways that manifest over time  by the time .
 dbongino wth there is a 100  sure fire way of stopping all these illegal alien invaders but know government offici .
 heroes    gen  robert neller reportedly leaked memos on trump s border wall .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  realdonaldtrump  senategop  .
meanwhile  trump admin studying ways to build wall high enough to keep them out  .
the politicians touting medicare for all are no better than trump touting to build a wall  both are political trick .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall   crooksandliars .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
trump will be at mar a lago again this weekend on vacation  at taxpayer expense   and no part of the wall has been .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
breaking  ive been hired  okay  self hired  to write trumps tweets for him    there will be 2 tweets that will alte .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch wow  trump made illegal hush money payments while in office  federal investig .
 daleethompson  goawaywithjae intent doesnt trump impact  though  and when corrected  you both doubled down and go .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  .
 dankojesse  euclidalone  marketcooking  aoc  ewarren did you ask trump that when he cut taxes to the rich  increas .
 realdonaldtrump trump needs to drop his stupid ineffective and very expensice vanity wall project and work with de .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
trump s taxes     if he paid little to none it was done legally so what s the point     there is no point other than th .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal  another half baked trump   pompeo .
 funder if he s  building big sections of wall and the wall is the answer to the  crisis at the border  then he is .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal nice work  realdonaldtrump  look .
 lynnestone1968  lauriebriggs11  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 realdonaldtrump as people magazine reporter natasha stoynoff wrote during the campaign  while she was on assignm .
 gop the  trumptaxscam was a gift to trump  including wall street and the rich  in the meantime  america sinks deep .
donald j  trump   verified account  realdonaldtrump   4h4 hours ago      democrats in congress must return from their vacat .
drunk matt gaetz and other corrupt gopers were at a fake dight claiming to be at trump s wall being built lololol w .
real talk dawg i thought it was hard being a black man in america shidd try being a black man in a relationship .
people really misunderstand this hand gesture  it symbolizes how much money trump supporters are getting for the wa .
 randyingram1955 you re really that stupid  huh  we re now going to blame democrats  who were against the wall  for .
 winning  maga .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 realdonaldtrump  trump even has his stooges trying to con the public about his fake wall building .
 and democrats like beto in congress are working every day to block president trumps efforts to secure the border .
 husainhaqqani imagine you are pakistan s envoy to usa what would you do praise starbuck s quality or criticize tru .
 vp  cbp why dont you use  you got last year  amp  hire more bp agents  amp  more to process asylum claims  dems have fun .
the wall street journal just won a pulitzer prize for revealing trump s pornstar hush money scheme    for which he .
 kellyannepolls kellyanne     can you pleeeease comprise a list of alllll of president trumps accomplishments  ref .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 vp  cbp i m an american citizen  but the wall will not stop an immigrant from coming into america  nor will it sto .
female reporters  barred  from donald trump s visit to western wall in jerusalem       .
 culturehouse  afneil i suggest u see the previous series 1 7 before making judgement   in effect its war of the ro .
its fine if trump is never indicted as long as mueller paints a tunnel on the side of a wall  make him see birdies.
 clarksonchuck  conniejimjoe  realdonaldtrump its time to build that very big wall around trump before he absolutely destroys america .
 thehill lies  tv just aired a company showing how they can build the 200 mile border wall that comes with sensors .
he lies  zero sections of the wall are being built  that s the reason for his fake emergency declaration  of course .
 rwpusa  realdonaldtrump the whole presidency is about the kleptomaniac trump filling his pockets  estate tax cuts .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
i think this all the time about drivel that appears on the bbc  they studiously ignored the  yellowvest protests in .
 deplorable 45 t  babzylonia  kittaene  cher  lwhaynes  potus nah  trump has created an enormous immigration crisis .
 realdonaldtrump previous admins big wall being refurbished  nothing by trump .
all im saying is if trump wants to build his wall  get westbrook and lowry to the border asap .
note to trump  the wall doesn t stop any of this  which is the primary way people get hooked on opioids  and overdo .
president t   i thought you just said 2 days ago everything was great with their very fine murderer leader kim  .
 realdonaldtrump great mr  president  built that wall mr  president  don t let these obnoxious vile libtard snowfla .
 russonpolitics  crackersnatch  zerlinamaxwell  ilhanmn the ultimate april fool s prank would have been for cnn and .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
trump  we need to build a wall      westbrook  say no more .
trump wants to build a wall to keep non white immigrants out and yet in another breath he threatens to send them to .
racist trump  instead of hammering on the wall and blaming the people trafficking drugs from the south  you should .
 realjameswoods  vicki lugo  katiephang what s going on w democrats  let prisoners vote  let illegal immigrants vot .
 finwiz416  cancersucksss  jeffgeiermanya1  anglsthzdz  sharp19671  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump  60minutes eve .
when it comes to solving the border crisis we hope  realdonaldtrump is  not  still listening to the same people who .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall      tell .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 john8chop ive got it       isnt it the amount of bricks it took to build a scaled down model of the trump wall in your back yard  .
so  jimjefferies and  comedycentral must fully support trump s border wall  they already seem to be doing their par .
 reubing the system is not controlling whether trump releases the fisa docs  nor is it controlling beginning the wa .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall  bout time someone from the gop had the balls to st .
trump still wanna build that wall like just put adams on the border damn .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 wildonnelly im for them throwing everything against the wall to see what sticks  trump must be defeated .
when did the students for trump org  become the swamp b c mcconnell is thee single reason  now that paul rino is go .
welp  there goes that nobel peace prize maga worshippers have been frothing at the mouth for       kim jong un sends m .
 realdonaldtrump how are there big sections of wall being built when congress hasn t allocated funding for it  are .
 teamservicesny  sensanders we will pay the same way bush paid for  1t iraq war   3 5t tax cut for rich   700b bail .
 steph93065  berniesanders  realdonaldtrump lookin at your profile its clear ur a trump troll    anything anti immi .
 mcmickey98  cnn why no fence wall  its been proven to work  also  20 days is not an indefinite amount of time   we .
 seanhannity thanks for pointing out that trump lied today when he said   the wall is being built  .
wait  arent these  gop red states that want to stop drug flow  is  trump proposing to  wall them off from us too  .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal   trump is so stupid    .
i wonder if this chick asked trump how he is gonna pay for the wall  or the million wars we are in .
trumps been playing game of thrones in his mind all this time because he is the true fan   hbo i wonder if hes sa .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
meet the most beautiful food  at the end of his first half term re wall   i was a little bit earlier  he was workin .
 thehill i hope  when all is said and  done that the mueller report leads to the impeachment of trump   instead of .
 harrisfaulkner trump rejected dems offer which caused the shut down bc dems refused to fund the wall   call the de .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 foxnews trump rejected dems offer which caused the shut down bc dems refused to fund the wall   call the dems on i .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal      what happened  realdonaldtrump .
breaking news        nyc mayor bill de blasio threatens president trump that he will build a wall around new york if tr .
the germany genocide was nothing compare to   the indians and slaves genocides up till today by whites europeans  w .
 you built my very very amazing wall the wrong way     trump  mistakes  shining  stephenking       all golf  amp  no work .
absolutely we do not needs contiguous wall across the whole border  during the presidential campaign  trump was say .
will trumps border wall really end human trafficking  cindy mccain says hes living in disneyland  .
 cnn people saying trump was right with his state of emergency should take into account he only declared it to buil .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal   great job trump  .
general election implications for pennsylvania  as well       if bernie is the nominee  i d put pa ahead of wi mi as th .
 pdacosta gee maybe the reason deutsche bank is in trouble is because they made lots if questionable loans  aka bad .
hypocrite  illegals are allowed to migrate anywhere in the us as are legal immigrants  buses should be running nons .
 vp  cbp  realdonaldtrump would have to say there isnt a crisis and he wants open borders  then the dems wild buil .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall      .
but trump    if you had money youd build that wall you keep telling everyone about  rather than asking mexicans .
trumps wall wont do anything about the opioid epidemic  via  voxdotcom.
 barbann76  lauriebriggs11  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
let s continue with trump s grand idea  the wall  buildthatwall  votemattyice.
fox news  foxfriendsfirst reports william la jeunesse is getting a first hand look at the construction of the borde .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump i m confused  didnt trump get some fairly large amount of    his first two years in .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 ajfirch  illustratumable  disguyovaheere total reductio ad absurdum   everybody lies     trump has provided corpor .
 poppymarksr  libraryjournal  sofiayleung  newtgingrich  realdonaldtrump trump demonstrates equivocally the power o .
a wall wont fix this  barr  trump   doctors in five states charged with prescribing pain killers for cash  sex .
 dragongod2718 i was a  yang girl  but now   i m not so sure  i know for sure i m defo not for any other politician .
 relicforbidden  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump so if it was planned and paid for before trump  it sounds like you r .
 lacerci65  prokaski  breitbartnews you know what really pisses me off  is that i love and respect cher s talent as .
the murdoch paradox  his  wsj wins a pulitzer for tormenting trump  his  foxnewschannel is trumps most enthusiasti .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall  the border wall is the big con  folks  and repu .
 realdonaldtrump agreed       everybody against  realdonaldtrump should give all the extra money they got last year fro .
 thomaspearc3120  shaun girk  black is back5  sconsyhammer  trumpcrazytrain  armondoyou2  gregthedoughboy .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall by frances langum via latest from crooks and lia .
 themarkpantano  redreiterphotos  gop it helps to look at the whole picture  threats of a wall going up and the ove .
 kyzerpoza  tom floyd  courtney883 the beauty of trump declaring a national emergency on the wall is the next democ .
 realdonaldtrump shady af     look at trump at 40 wall street  for example  deutsche bank more than quintupled an   .
matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall .
via  crooksandliars  matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall  .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn so bitch  tell me again which point of entry or wall did this guy cross   maybe he came from .
 dystopusa  charliekirk11 according to the democrats it means he needs to resign   right    misogyny is huge right .
 realdonaldtrump you dont need the demococks trump close the border and build the wall and send the dreamers home .
just my thoughts   first trump wanted to build a wall to keep them out   now he wants to ship them to sanctuary cit .
do people notice hillary is spending a fortune w a shared history  we must put america first and make america great .
this this is the national emergency not that stupid fucking wall trump some moron ass  medicare for all  not only w .
via  crooksandliars  matt gaetz busted for lying  not  at the border   not trump s wall  .
 whitehouse i m for universal health care    the house did compromise and is building  some  wall   and the  witch hunt .
 electro high  dasaknee18  davery9192  realdonaldtrump 415 517 people in 2017  100 000 more last year  these were u .
 realdonaldtrump their out on recess just like students in grade school  as they always do  leaving things unfini .
 pollytickal  plynch1036 after that fox appearance i think everyone does now  even someone as slow as trump sees th .
kim clement and president trump prophecies   2020  amp  the wall .
 renea2old  clayton55555556  ignite23181788  itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump  tigerwoods  themasters 1955       i real .
i think most of know there are only three reasons trump pounds away on building a wall     1  he wants a huge monumen .
border fencing labeled first section of trump s wall was approved under obama  report   thehill .
now potus trump  then a bigoted potty mouth  gloated about 40 wall st being the the tallest bldg in nyc right after .
 marshiehilgs  alberta ucp  jkenney  albertandp  rachelnotley this will be the case  but as in the case if trump no .
 the trump train payoffs with lobbyists      she will need that money to build a better wall around her home to keep the immigrants out .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 repmattgaetz so     children are the threat  you and trump are afraid of children who are seeking a better life  y .
 tribelaw  rgoodlaw  ronaldklain or maybe he is strategically building a loyalty wall arounf trump to gain his tota .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall president trump.
 truleely  scottadamssays  jmuns22 let me know when trump builds that 1 000  mile border wall  taxes chinese goods .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn politics .
 maximirth10 isn t it sad  and since he wants that freaking wall so bad why don t he use the money and build it  th .
wall street doesn t want the wall  pelosi only cares about wall street  you really think pelosi  is going to build .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile lori   trump has lied over 9k times since he took ove .
pornhub needs new videos stat  u think instead of the wall trump would be more focused on the porn drought   cough .
if all liberals care about is a fake stock we don t need them anymore  wall street is fake  don t believe it  look .
 mary4ce  speakerpelosi you take it for the empty bullshit it is  trump has played his greatest hits blah  blah  bl .
 mgpolo92 i got 300  my boss told me trump took more percentage out of taxes this year for the wall or whatever  but who knows .
 tedlieu  thejusticedept the real wall trump and barr are building is around the mueller report .
 kutv2news its taken 4 months to raise 26 million dollars from ordinary americans to fund the trump wall  its tak .
if all liberals care about is greed they shouldn t get anyone from the church community voting for them this time  .
 b rush1776 we want to shut americas door but the democrats wont let that happen    before president trump wanted .
 realdonaldtrump trump  you re delusional and a liar  first  your congressional gop political whores are on vacatio .
 marcie jacobs  ingrahamangle can u imagne wakng up in a dif world ever day   we want the wall  obama  clinton  pel .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit   the wall street journal .
 melissarowley  tambayobenson  missfruge let s hope trump the donald doesn t pull the money through some appropriat .
 magnolia wilde opioid crisis is a huge problem   gt 60k died last year  pointing outside will not solve the problem  .
 ravenemerald3  real defender  realdonaldtrump donald trump got the most supporters  worldwide  in human history    y .
 buchstan ffs  remember that trump spent months trying to convince everyone isis was sneaking terrorists into the u .
 realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch you hit the nail on the head  trump 2020 maga and build the wall .
 kirstiealley the border wall is what ted wanted and gregg abbott  its not about giving trump credit    its about w .
 realdonaldtrump make a decision on that    .
well worth watching  love the analogy of reed elsevier s wall to trump s wall   dhimmel doing great job  .
 reuters  ericgarland it will be rebuilt before trumps wall of shame is even started  .
 bro charlie   judymarie4dt  biblebeltdarlin  jsbatza  erenna marie  lestaco  eyesonthehoriz1  queenbeewe3 .
 fras99  seajay603 that the person supports trump  is a racist  does not believe in climate change  is anti lgbt  s .
so we just gonna ignore the fact that flint doesnt have clean water  puerto rico is still facing devastation  ther .
appeals court rules donald trump can build border wall .
 realtonydudley  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump thank obama  there is no trump wall being built .
 pamlukas3  arriadna  speakerpelosi go nancy  i know you are planning in the background  please nail trump to the w .
 racephenom  imabitcsumtimes  nvgop  realdonaldtrump stop the invasion now       come on america  get out there and .
next week on fox news   analysis of pelosi  kicking trumps ass on border wall at the oval office in front of million .
 anncoulter this country is screwed trump or a wall wont stop them theyre going to bring down americas economy a .
 realdonaldtrump trump airlines  failed   trump casinos  failed   trump university  failed   trump shuttle  failed   trump .
cnn and c span you have no worries  trump will  get reelected  you don t understand the real economy like your nut .
if trump doesn t get rid of all those wall street cronies in his cabinet he will lose the next election  let the fe .
trump needs to allocate money to flint michigan  puerto rico  and the three churches that were burn down in louisia .
 realdonaldtrump attention trump followers  this is a lie  no wall is being built       one day  i hope  you ll figure it out .
gop challenger  trumps policies are hoax and wall   usa  us  usbiz.
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    republican presidential candidate bill weld  president trump .
 sarah97851167  dailymail  mailonline wow what an ignorant statement  he must realize that trump is all for legal i .
trump should ship a couple thousand maga hats to the caravan and make sure those hats are all over the news  we ll .
 jamieleefinch plot twist  theres a contractual obligation to put those tacky gold lettered trump signs on every .
 realdonaldtrump you friggin liar  there arent any new sections of the donald j  trump racist memorial wall going .
why would wall street care about the real economy  they rally no matter how bad the real economy gets   cspanwj .
a powerful lobbying tool in the trump era  the presidents ear   the wall street journal   .
diarios estadunidenses ganan pulitzer por investigaciones sobre trump    .
 barbann76  lauriebriggs11  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
how trumps border wall perpetuates the legacy of colonialism on the rio grande .
this is total bs  those disaffected w trump want change   not just from trump but from 8 years of obama incremental .
 w h  panic  calls for rate cuts as bubble economy continues to weaken  savers to be punished  .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump bs from trump do your job for all americans get immigration judges do smart border securi .
 2019 report  here is when the real estate bubble will burst again     wall street is fake  .
 cher that s why  trump is trying to build the wall n change laws on immigrants but every one gets butt hurt  lmao  .
deborah needs your help  trump s budget cuts medicare  medicaid and education spending plus funds the wall  .
trump manufactured a crisis after repeatedly failing to secure support for an ineffective  unnecessary border wall .
watch  california tent cities grow massively     wall street is all washington dc cares abou .
 welcome to america s s   hole   orange county california edition santa ana river trail   wa .
 look at trump at 40 wall street  for example  deutsche bank more than quintupled an  18 million mortgage from trum .
 alyssa milano because the only thing trump cares about is his stupid wall  he doesnt care about other countries o .
cnn is a joke       cnns anderson cooper mocks trumps border wall  maybe it exists in deep outer space      .
clever framing device  a postcard from the future  backstory up till  4 10  speculative future after      told presiden .
watch  why are there so many tent cities and homeless in hawaii     higher numbers here for .
 zachweiner trump  spray skinned  wall bewitched   headsore hailed hannity   boast forger  excuse spinner   and to the south took the sky paths.
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn politics .
     shady trump properties  at 40 wall street  trump at cap cana  the general motors building in midtown  manhatt .
congratulations to the staff of the wall street journal for the 2019 pulitzer prize in national reporting    a team o .
 suzanne184  ramatovic  pseudylus  joshtpm those people actually all voted for hillary  look at the donation patter .
 holland tom  pompei79 oh  i much prefer this kind of  wall porn  to the one we are living with now in the us  than .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall lock her up drain the swamp slogan lies created by cambridge analytica to dup .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn   .
 speakerpelosi you 100  responsible for the trauma inflicted on this innocent child  you  the dems tantrum caused t .
kim jong un sends message to trump with military visit  the wall street journal  .
 realdonaldtrump literally no new wall is being built         how stupid are my voters       trump  definitely .
 mcgloinmia  eugenegu  coltsmomma1 exactly  almost a billon dollars donated to the reconstruction and trump has to .
 realdonaldtrump trump is simply wanting to build the wall to satisfy his base    isnt that not presidential but also disgusting     .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall   via  youtube.
 rednationrising  steve flesch there is definitely a crisis but not to the extent that trump thinks it is   a borde .
 biotech seel  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch naw  she s just added a few larger posters of trump t .
 realdonaldtrump tell me how many miles or wall have been built since mr  trump has become president i would really like to know please  .
 anncoulter gee thanks  for helping the democrats get rid of trump  maybe spend a little more time on bashing the r .
 jpjaminny i ve always thought that trump s wall obsession was symbolic of walling off his true self from the false .
  gop challenger    realdonaldtrump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
 villescazangela  thehill and they would have gotten away with turning more states blue  if it wasnt for trumps pesky shiny new wall .
 the real economy will collapse  the fed is juicing wall street with more debt   .
 repmattgaetz this is deplorable   a country the size of the us  and as wealthy as it is  should be able to afford .
 tigerpaw743  brianstelter there are many problems but when trump gets to the table he isn t negotiating his first .
 jayellgii  melaka redux  sexygirl798  thestagmania sorry  not a single fuck left to give about bernie  his part in .
 im w trump we need the wall these foreigners dicks be outta pocket  .
ny times  wall street journal win pulitzers for donald j  trump probes   sanjha tv .
 judgejeanine well i hope she  cher  supports the wall now   this is so comical even new york city mayor it now wan .
 realdonaldtrump he flips from hillary to the wall to no collusion  trump is a disgrace to the office he holds .
 speakerpelosi you need to wake up u damn democrats are the problem watch the news see the of would be illgeals tar .
 cheri4trump  solmemes1  aug1405  einsteinmaga  rl9631  shanehardy58  superelitetexan  peppertrumper  okwessler5 .
corruption in venezuela has created a cocaine superhighway to the us  cnn      maybe we can .
 finanzas   de acuerdo con un reporte de the wall street journal  la administracin de donald trump pidi a empres .
 realdonaldtrump no walls added but fixed fences     not one foot of trump wall ever built   trump lies .
 realdonaldtrump amazing how trump has realized that he does not want to build the wall  so he will just lie to his .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
i know i m the only one  but i still sometimes wonder whatever happened with the  115 mile long contract  for a bor .
 .
 asharangappa   mimirocah1 he did note his bldg was the tallest again     but then again the office building at 70 pi .
gop challenger bill weld  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall  .
 sanhotree  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch trump wants a steel wall for the border  a shit wall is reserved for liberals.
 trump might be better off passing his tweets off as poetry    democrats in congress must return from their    vacation .
 repdustyjohnson correct  more immigration judges  attorneys  border patrol agents to streamline the process and en .
 escapedmatrix  kassandraseven how much did trump make on his go fund me for the wall .
 brithume but its okay with you if trump uses government money to build a stupid wall on the border  right .
 mattgaetz  trumpstrong17 president trump should hire the amish to build the wall today  they would have it finishe .
 indconsrebel  realdonaldtrump trump was offered  25 billion for his wall a year and a few months ago       he turned i .
 gatewaypundit i ve got to laugh   what trump is saying is   see  i don t need the wall  let them in .
 s ww resist  warlickleslie i worked in corporate america where they would slash expenses because revenue fell shor .
 jerrynadler i truly believe thats why most repubs fight trump so hard even on issues they supposedly believe in  .
 peterdaou  berniesanders senator sanders is the only dem candidate who can beat trump  i cant see any other dem w .
before you say build the wall so many people would get that shit thru our state no matter what trump says or do  .
 barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  lauriebriggs11  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
o new wall has been built     another promise broken       repeal and replace trump    2020 .
 realdonaldtrump .
 realdonaldtrump  liarinchief  narcissisticdouchebag   .
 barneysnose  realalitweets i don t feel i m deflecting  i just disagree he cost us the election  i believe hillary .
wanna beat trump   on  allinwithchris yesterday   chrislhayes asked  timryan why he should be the dem nominee       fi .
the people that voted for trump are idiots   you dum asses really thought a wall would be built from florida to cal .
 mickeyfoon  aclu  jomareewade trump hired barr to wall off the mueller investigation  he did the same thing with t .
new alternative to trump s wall would create jobs  renewable energy  and increase border security .
we know  speakerpelosi likes to spend 10k a night on vacation  build the wall president trump    .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn politics .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
 c0lettea if someone laced my weed id be dead too  i feel bad   but crack      a wall isnt going to stop a crackh .
gop challenger bill weld  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
if trump was draining the swamp   he brought the swamp with him  and he s supposedly anti wall street why is he con .
424 11 1 18 fact check  ive made statements about what trumps actions were going to be before trump has taken the .
 hikerdogduo  thaysvols this is a joke  blaming this administration when trump made an offer to give dreamers in ex .
 time yet when he testified last week he sounded like an ordinary right wing political hack       giving legitimacy to .
 lawrence the only place we need a wall is one built enclosing trump for life .
 realdonaldtrump no new sections of wall have been erected since trump took office .
 jameswi69607253  freddygibbins  unionsoldier  johnfugelsang there is no wall and there never will be    trump will b .
 realdonaldtrump more bs from trump  theres no new wall being built its all replacement wall that obama approved .
thanks for including us in the trailer  daveweigel  see here for our story on how wall street and finance execs are .
donald trump jr  tried to attack democratic presidential hopeful pete buttigieg on twitter  it did not go well    oth .
 krassenstein yep  now if it was a white church and a person of color did the same trump and pence would be all ove .
 ezraklein heres what im hopeful for  trump will lose to    a  a white woman b  a black woman c  a black guy d  an .
 ingrahamangle what crisis  us jailing kids  we can just stop  spending money on a stupid wall  we can just stop  t .
 igtmadness  tommychong thats because trumps wall is just starting you expect it to just sprout overnight .
 repmattgaetz the wall prototype is being built  ya serial  compulsive liar        i hope when your head gets pulled fr .
corporate democrats       helped trump deregulate wall st       approved his massive military budget       against medicare for .
 thehill that is a lie  lt where would the money even be coming from gt  when the us govt under trump s command   is usin .
 billkristol trump is used to dealing with his own adult children  who hardly compare to  petebuttigieg  dtjr  gave .
  potus news   leslie marshall   trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for .
 dannydevitofan7 just because a rifle has a plastic stock and is black  that doesnt automatically make it an assa .
while i agree with your sentiment i believe flint needs clean water before money is spent elsewhere including trump .
cockman  who made three marbles class  jackie gnott    cockman  who made the wall    class  trump    cockman  richard serra.
 realdonaldtrump poor little  delusionaldonald it telling lies about his fictional wall again  border security hasn .
 kimdiaz4567  sfgate so  instead of immigration reform  and of course building the  wall   trump and all of his sup .
 cmcorey  flotus  ftbraggnc  secondlady  secarmy you mistake motives  when trump takes   away from military to fund .
 arauz2012 please keep sharing this         help trump fund and build the wall now     go america   .
 kevindcardoso  ml rudolph  gop  realdonaldtrump from americans and to avoid another wall street crashes       trump de .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn politics .
i m with president trump  congress must support national security and fund the wall    im on team trump  fund the wall .
 realdonaldtrump here is how many sections of the wall are being built  0   here s how many times trump has lied  1 .
369 7 9 18 i e  james mattiss  amp  the joint chiefs of staffs deploying the military to the berlin wall style bord .
 arauz2012 this is an invasion    the vile democrat traitors are putting american lives at risk      unite and dema .
looks like trump thinks obama was brilliant with the economy  keeping interest low so wall street can drive up worl .
 briankarem  realdonaldtrump  presssec  kellyannepolls tomorrow looms large and theyre shittin bricks  trump might get that wall yet   .
 likeagoodidea88  realdonaldtrump trump doing wonderful  socialist democrats is fixing to get pin on the wall after .
 seanhannity the us your and trump are creating is looking more like the weimar republic every day  adolf trump mus .
trumps enablers trying desperately to show that trump is building a wall by lying to the public when they are 100 .
 tsamspeedy  krassenstein  hillreporter the wall was a policy the democrats supported prior to trump adopting the p .
fox news  leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his w .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall        .
king trump should go fuck himself  and you re not building  wall   you re replacing fence  even you described it th .
as markets approach record levels  don t forget that dividends matter  chairman  dpwieneradviser has more with .
border wall offer  us company shocks president trump  via  youtube   realdonaldtrump .
 arauz2012 unite and demand that all these evil  traitorous democrats be sacked now      america s security and eco .
 bettemidler well now you know     i already have politics and if they cant keep up with the pro then maby my polit .
 maga   hope and change   the wall   obamacare   i love wikileaks   yes  we can      trump   we need to end these wars    o .
so let me get this straight  no one wants a wall to regulate the 1000 s coming into the u s   but everyone  wants t .
 liofrankenstein  hawkfanforlife  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump guess i have to spell it out for you  point being  .
the irony here is that many of the same people who want to wall off moco from any new residents are the same people .
 realdonaldtrump why do you lie as if the usa is shut off like n korea  trump why  guess what  we know that   no wall is being built.
 steveboyer5000 yep  rest assured that if the taj mahal was significantly damaged  or the great wall  the trump adm .
 sloanwr315  realdonaldtrump and yet obama deported more illegals than any president in history  why  because he di .
trump wants to build a wall around burning man   techno  nashville  resistance .
today  if nothing else  i will determine whether pearl jam stopped playing pink floyds mother because of trumps w .
 realdonaldtrump big sections of wall are not being built  know many among those soldiers deployed to southern bord .
 the trump train  benreclused maybe shes getting a cut from the cartels who are trafficking over our wall free border .
it leaves more of the actual problem in the lap of those that are not willing to take care of changing our laws  lo .
 jaxalemany  francesssellers  bonjomo isnt it great that the trump epa is reducing regulations to protect stupid s .
 democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  despite the .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall       .
 realdonaldtrump stop your endless lying  no wall is being built  no new wall has been built since u stole d white .
 larryelder  tedlieu  realcandaceo candace owens rocked it  trump should ship over a hundred thousand make america .
 arizonakayte  saynotoleftists here s some nice homes that these illegals can go to     each home could take dozens .
 radiocolin  jack  reverse racism    trump    lock her up    build the wall   .
 holdmyale  youranonnews i hope that is not trump s wall.
 1  i  liked  cher  until she said   give trump the    for the wall  2 it ain t ur frigging city cher   .
 unionsoldier  johnfugelsang not for long they wont be  the mighty border wall of trump is gonna stop all of those unamericans    .
 realdonaldtrump trump  i know you realize that there far more important things going on this country besides that .
 surabees  donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump so apparently you think he should hire people that ll break the law  you .
california hits back as trump threatens to  dump  immigrants in  sanctuary cities   asked ou .
 hmailandt3 let s chat  in 4 years  i m guessing he accomplishes nothing  like trump  where s that wall .
 rwpusa  joebiden  realdonaldtrump in the early eighties  the american worker started being under assault by wall s .
 time trump  mcconnell  kavanaugh  taylor swift  tiger woods  zuckerberg  xi xinping  barr  bob iger   you guys are .
maybe trump will start saying that canada should pay for the wall   dont hold your breath        .
a wall   why hasn t someone thought of this before      dems will be begging for a border wall when trump s done wi .
warning companies not to comply   this would cause legal issues for the companies and i m not sure that in the long .
 evilfernando  real defender  realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile whay is unreal is how the democrats .
 realdonaldtrump cbp has requested the resources to adjudicate asylum seekers faster  so they can be returned to th .
 realdonaldtrump gee donny  did you notice how fast  1 billion was raised for notre dame to be rebuilt  yet  poor  .
 realdonaldtrump no wall has been built   that is a lie       here are the facts on immigration folks   research them y .
 a1goy  carpervert  thepollitt i m sure  vast quantities of cocks all over the wall   was something trump once said .
 seanhannity trump wants us tax payer to pay for his wall  if you want the wall then pay for it  don t dump it on the rest of the taxpayers .
 the trump train  royparrish shes not the only one  all of them get rich in congress  if they worked on wall stree .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    cnn politics .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump  foxnews they see the writing on the wall and are distancing themselves at the orders of .
patriots support president trump to keep america great  amp  build the wall for the security of all americans  .
 realdonaldtrump mr trump time to pay atention to your body putting in venezuela  time to get the jobs from china a .
legit gap matters    wall st interests behind centrist dems  are  against sanders  agenda    bernie more likely to beat .
might as well offer this too      i bet trump wants the space force to walk guard duty on top of the wall.
 realdonaldtrump trump supporters hes lying again  no new sections of the wall have been constructed  lying donald .
plot twist  trump saves everyone from the white walkers by building a wall in game of thrones      gameofthrones  trump  got8.
 reppetestauber will trump followers care if this is just a prop or is the wall actually just a prop in reality .
hey dolan trump i hear your wall finally got approved  but its not quite what you envisioned  just four tall walls .
 realdonaldtrump  leonard dudley they don t have your work ethics president trump   continue building the wall    kag.
so trump had to stop the government to get funds to build a stupid wall but he just had coins lying around to rebui .
president trump talks to the troops to cook this week wont all be the same strangeness in polish river towns imm .
 gameofthrones  spoiler alert  trump wins the throne  he will rebuild the wall and make the night king pay for it  .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump another nonsensical remark from  dumb and dumber   wall is definitely being built    .
 juliereichwein1  potus it really pisses me off because these democrats in blue states that hate trump would not he .
 berniesanders winning over a  foxnews audience shouldn t be a surprise  he s like a mirror image of trump s racist .
can we please build a wall around colorado to keep the demons from all of the trump supporting cesspool states out  .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall      realdonaldtrump   .
these so called asylum seekers didn t start comin across the border until trump said he would built a wall to keep .
ever notice the dems dont talk about the wall anymore  russia anymore or north korea anymore    potus trump just .
trump has a deep racist attitude  his wall is not about his crappy excuses  it is because hes a bigot .
trump your constitutional powers are as strong as the powerful wall you are building at the border .
we can do this   if the white supremacists and nazis could raise millions for trumps hate wall  we can most defini .
democrat leaders deceived the nation saying this was a manufactured crisis and we dont need any wall etc  whether .
it makes me wonder if russia had anything to do with this  putin  and trump  are vindictive  fbi was is investigati .
 realdonaldtrump wow  this trump tweet has it all   lies about the wall  denying responsibility for the 2 years of .
it will be crime if a democrat gets the presidency in 2020 and we dont get the wall beforevthat time  come on trum .
 realdonaldtrump no wall being built  portions from obama time being refurbished or replaced with funds he allocate .
 cicerulus do you realize the hypocrisy of the left   e g  now that trump wants to put their beloved immigrants in .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no subst    .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall    republican presidential candidate bill weld  president trump .
 rhainman  jackposobiec  oann  realdonaldtrump jack puts out one suggestion for trump to watch  oann yesterday  tru .
 cory80611229  truthspeaks 101  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump .
 realdonaldtrump renovate repair replace with trumps tremendous trellis  no beautiful concrete wall as tremendou .
 friend wffriend  crisleemaza  allresistnews this certainly sounds like dear leader  but the evidence for it just i .
 barbarastarrcnn trump too caught with this southern border wall  mueller report  amp  playing golf .
latest  gop challenger  trumps policies are hoax and wall .
president trump should ignore neoconservative advisers and sign the bipartisan yemen resolution passed by both hous .
 cadudefrank  unevenflow she was abhorrent on wall street reforms  thinking that tinkering around the edges was bet .
 lanurse1 the fastest way to stop this is so simple  if you have an illegal alien in your employ  5000  fine  secon .
 vaughnbeethoven  sarahemulvey1  heritage trump is using executive action to allocate funds for a border wall that .
 time  govchristie  realdonaldtrump mex amer 3 4 gen r in full support of president trump god bless this man and pr .
if trump wants only the democrats of congress to come back and change the immigration policies and not the republic .
 carlosalazraqui  johnfugelsang your name is carlos so in the name of the church of trump america you are excommuni .
 mayawiley amazing we are talking about this and the other myriad of trump manufactured problems the day before the .
isis offshoot in afghanistan willing  able to strike u s   says intelligence official  build .
president trump dont give a dime 2 that church that burned because there not giving you nothing 4 our wall that needs to be built     .
 realdonaldtrump president trump  that is great the southern border wall is being built .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile  we    oh  yeah  it s trump tv you are talking about   but you k .
 byron stine  speakerpelosi trump vetoed a resolution blocking his border wall emergency and the funding required t .
 jimseiler23  ingrahamangle  sensanders actually i do agree with conservatives on things  not all things mind you  .
i wonder if this hate crime will get the jussie smollett coverage from the media  way to wall  night and day  i a .
wildlife is at stake  tell the house to reject trumps border wall    sign the petition   via  change.
republicans know trump s wall is a useless prop  so much so they posed with a prototype and claimed it was the real .
 trump s border wall will have grave environmental consequences  the pavlovic today  .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall      .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump i heard that trump has built many sections of the wall himself with his massive bear .
 frankdangelo23  realdonaldtrump remember if it is replacement for obama old fence  it is  new wall  and trump will .
 donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete if the berlin wall was still standing your dad would be angling for a trump tower in dre .
 cory80611229  monumentlib  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump obama is a clown  trump s wall is the answer  obama basic .
 realdonaldtrump no sections of  the trump wall  is being built   stop lying  oh u can t.
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall  if you know what i mean.
 thehill trump is probably only doing that thinking france will help make that stupid wall which is never going to happen.
leslie marshall  trumps sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and its no substitute for his wall   fox .
more  fakenews from  cnn gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall  .
 julielo82098230 gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulations repealed  us energy indepen .
 liberalaus you can t just rely on everyone having a short memory     lnp already came after our superannuation  amp  the .
 kriley8888  realdonaldtrump why did trump wait 2 years to do something with the wall  why didnt he do it when he had the votes .
 jg emm well lets talk about how trump has made false allegations about the amount of funding he has sent over  wi .
 marsden1991  realdonaldtrump no wall is being built  repairs are being made  trump hasn t got the money for it  no .
after an emasculating defeat over his wall by speaker pelosi  trump declares a national emergency escape plan to ge .
 sanchez54342116  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump no  you ve explained what you think happens  but reality is different  .
 adasomg  realdonaldtrump why did trump wait 2 years to start working on the wall  why didnt he do it when he had the votes .
 realdonaldtrump keep building the wall president trump   dems libs are otherwise occupied from doing their jobs  .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews umm like they block every anti trump supporter at your rallies  poor baby r u jealous tha .
 donaldjtrumpjr  realdonaldtrump trump needs to declassify and turn the tables on them  this is getting old    the .
 sanchez54342116  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump and you re wrong  in no way is trump building the wall  he has absolutely nothing to do with it .
 realdonaldtrump delusional trump lies again   no new wall being built  democrats laughed at president trump  power .
 cory80611229  truthspeaks 101  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump but replacing existing barrier isn t new trump wall  .
aussie tv is so advanced   if tonights  youcantaskthat aired in the u s  it would guarantee trumps re election an .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  oann  judicialwatch the problem with unamerican cowards like the krass b .
notes on  got  gameofthrones  s01  e02  3    dragons come from the moon  along with wizards     the wall that trump h .
 realdonaldtrump i have a better idea  why dont you resign and go on permanent vacay down at  maralardass  your b .
leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall .
 jpj2jpj  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump i ve explained in my other comment how logically trump is building the wall .
 adasomg  realdonaldtrump then why didnt it get finished when the republicans controlled the house and senate for .
 jpj2jpj  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump just so you can understand what i m saying i ll forget explain to you  if you g .
 leslie marshall  trump s sanctuary city proposal is political posturing  and it s no substitute for his wall  via .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump but if it is replacement wall for old wall  it is  new  wall and trump will claim it .
 sanchez54342116  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump except trump hasn t built the wall and had nothing to do with this   th .
 b michaelr  spchisntfree really  got a link to those plans  anything being built was authorised before trump  and .
 alwaystantric  realdonaldtrump along with a wall we also need to change a number of immigration   asylum laws to k .
 jefflee2020  revelation1217 trump wants moneyprinting for wall street    sanders wants moneprinting for everyone .
 sanchez54342116  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump so trump has failed where obama has succeeded        and yes  it does matte .
 jpj2jpj  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump also obama hasn t been president for 2 years so what you re saying is exactly w .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump remember if it is replacement wall for old wall  it is  new  wall and he will claim it .
 loudobbs  realdonaldtrump go trump  our president  build that wall .
 realdonaldtrump the traitor who takes weekend golf vacations nearly every weekend to profit off trump properties w .
 realdonaldtrump from california  i hope trump closes the borders  builds the wall and deports all illegals.
almost 600 cases of measles in the usa  and counting      how about that wall president trump    realdonaldtrump .
president donald trump is considering imposing travel restrictions on countries whose citizens overstay short term .
 realdonaldtrump you ve been saying for months that big sections of the wall or being built you re lying now like y .
 kaitmarieox  berniesanders but taxes are ok when building a totally moronic wall which takes years and years to bu .
 sanchez54342116  chatbycc  realdonaldtrump so as your article says  they re not building the wall  they re replaci .
 realdonaldtrump trump       still lying about his imaginary wall construction        release your tax returns trump .
 thehill why bother  it s obvious that trump will just do as he pleases just like he did with wall funding so i hav .
find it pretty  funny  the estimated cost to rebuild notre dame cathedral sounds a lot like the cost of building a .
gop challenger  trump s policies are  hoax  and  wall  .
 caustictheclown  mommamia1217 until 2020  we re just going to keep getting shut down so long as trump henchman bit .
 boggywood  conor pope  fotoole he knows well how to fool fools  hes certainly not generous when it comes to said .
 realdonaldtrump shame to have to  build a  wall   isn t it  however  if usa falls  who will maintain order  who wi .
quick reminder that since his inauguration trump has spent 242 days at one of his properties on taxpayers dime  inc .
 anntensity trump didnt throw us a bone  he just talked about throwing us a bone  just like he talked about  1  bu .
 lannydavis  denisegabbard  realdonaldtrump oh they see  they dont care  they are terrified of the conspiracy theo .
 realdonaldtrump trump has no answers for america s problems he is the problem  just plays the blame game and lies  .
 muireanno c  gerrymcbride brilliant reply moc  ive heard this bullshit story bandied about for a few years  usual .
 realdonaldtrump president trump  u rock  d s are stuck in quick sand called collision  build the wall  keep the ec .
 jackposobiec  oann ive said this a dozen times  if the illegals massing on the border stated they were coming bec .
trump   donated 20 billion to black colleges   cnn calls him racist for it    builds a wall to stop drug running and cr .
note that trump now says that without congressional action  the situation at the border  will only get worse     de .
 theplumlinegs note that trump now says that without congressional action  the situation at the border  will only g .
 mrgenius7997  michellebrodeu2  nandendamase  realbekker  time  beyonce  michelleobama must be another bot lets go .
 realdonaldtrump  foxandfriends .
 drjodypalmer  roberttcu12  guypbenson  we need for infrastructure as well     trump wants to pass infrastructure b .
 mattmurph24  maggie klaus or by backing trump into a corner regarding his ridiculous wall  .
 realdonaldtrump why trump will never get his border wall   the atlantic      .
 realdonaldtrump  mushroomhead  potus   stop lying   no new  wall is being built  you are only mending old .
 carlreiner oh carl  i used to think that trump was gonna be impeached some day too  but now i see the writing on t .
 dannyfi97342107  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump honestly  if you think these planned replacement pieces of the wall .
 realdonaldtrump bill clinton the last president to have a balanced budget  busy comes in and relaxed all the rules .
gop challenger  trumps policies are hoax and wall  .
 thomasmalley14  chriscejnar  joey18216823  krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump  trump is too good   what is i .
democrats may regret standing against trump border wall  via  youtube.
here are the companies poised to profit from the trump border wall .
democrats may regret standing against trumps border wall  via  youtube.
 realdonaldtrump nope  no section of new walls being built  none  not one new brick or slat  just a fix of old .
good morning to everyone except democrats who think theyre doing something by saying trumps immigration policy i .
 realdonaldtrump trump is on one long vacation  keeps having delusions about his wall being built  needs dosage adjustment of meds.
 baharak irani  missdiagnosis two morons disseminating garbage for the masses  as usual fox news not really taking .
 itsjefftiedrich  realdonaldtrump if only mary trump had built a tremendous wall around her uterus   .
 truthspeaks 101  suquamish98392  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump is that a yes    its a section of obama renovation  not new trump wall .
 realdonaldtrump trump s referring to obama s wall repairs as his wall  lol .
 realdonaldtrump the dems like to take vacations with govt planes  trump gave up his salary what is their excuse  build the wall .
they re also not rebuilding the great wall of china    .
 realdonaldtrump seriously ssdd trump    eo was 60 days ago    dems in house 100 days ago   wall will take time  duh   word .
 kaitmarieox  ilhanmn you know she is a american citizen right  i guess trump and fox news have brainwashed you int .
 realdonaldtrump continues his lies about big portions of the wall being built  he s pathetic     trump urges dems .
 salas  10 america is behind you 100  kaitlin    president trump build that wall  .
 jodyhclarke trump needs help building a wall  off ya pop .
 gop  realdonaldtrump all the republican party has done is enable the president to continue his xenophobia fear mon .
 victoriatator  realdonaldtrump the wall is being built  thank you trump   .
three years  the eu has a more effective wall than trump could ever build  it s called turkey  .
president trump took acosta to school over his border wall initiative as well  the hills joe concha has a more apt .
 realdonaldtrump great job president trump  let s  complete the wall  thank you.
 repmattgaetz why in the world would you go around spouting such easily refuted lies  its like trumps deception i .
theres an electronic billboard on my way to work that usually has some sort of trump propaganda like trump 2020 b .
 twps  neoliberalfed  acnewsitics  it would be so tremendous  it would be yuge  happy americans and their hamberder .
patriots support president trump to keep america great  amp  build the wall for the security of all americans  .
 jeffreyguterman  realdonaldtrump every trump supporter who chanted build the wall helped create this crisis  the d .
 realdonaldtrump trump goes on vacation more than any other president in history and starts rage tweeting when anyo .
 realdonaldtrump wait  didnt you shut down the government over this very wall when congress didnt give you what y .
it is so easy for you pelosi to talk about another country yet you do nothing for your own   shame on you   stop il .
 maga trump bad and wall bad.
 kayajones  nycmayor your getting what you wanted with this secret sanctuary city  go president trump  build the wall   realdonaldtrump.
 repmattgaetz  rebecca00893300 award this company the contract for the wall today it will be built in 14 months for .
yes  just don t see how it can be done  nor the legality of it  i am sure there would be law suits   if we can get .
so trump won in 2016 running on health care  repeal obamacare   trade policy  china  and immigration  build a wall  .
 speakerpelosi    why not purpose building the wall under the condition trump resigns  test how bad he wants it.
trump must be pissed that lots of people and other countries are donating to rebuild notre dame cathedral but no ot .
dems are finished   trump just confirmed a major wall solution  guess who is crying after this .
trump tweet  democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  .
 stlsparty  kristan higgins  jeffpearlman yes but we have an idiot as president  who doesnt care about anyone but .
 realdonaldtrump .
 realdonaldtrump build the wall and make it tall      and hopefully electrified  trump 2020.
 realdonaldtrump   realdonaldtrump  maga correction  sir     1  if you want changes to existing law  you need to prop .
i am a born conservative  i love every1 who value their freedom     president  trump  realdonaldtrump is a patriotic .
 realdonaldtrump oh please remind us again who s paying for the trump memorial wall .
 realdonaldtrump trump in the wh must return from his vacation  amp  work with congress to change immigration laws  wit .
realdonaldtrump tweeted democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or .
 realdonaldtrump when are you returning from your vacation to focus on anything but your trump memorial wall   heal .
 realdonaldtrump pure bs from the liar in chief  since trump was elected  not 1 foot of new wall has been built  an .
 realdonaldtrump where is the wall being built  more trump bullshit   .
build that freaking wall    and build it now    this united states navy chief stands with  salutes and proudly supports .
 mylastrollo the same as trump and his pretence that his wall will solve anything .
 politico william weld running against trump    he has a one word climate policy   hoax   he has a one word immigra .
 again  many thanks to you folk for all your help  i ll tell trump no wall to the north  you folk are ok        island auto ebay customer.
all that is happening around us   the left media are fools  trump is likened to king cyrus with nehemiah s wall  an .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump you guys just inject your opinions into conversations like they re facts with no bas .
 realdonaldtrump carefull the dangerous illegal are coming    you know have  perfect solution let s build a wall a .
tucker on attack for fox trump cable network  really trumped up for fear campaign   so many hate and fear targets p .
 realdonaldtrump theyre on vacation even when in washington  trump 2020  wall  capitalsm  send migrants to sanctua .
 thehill bernie should announce  im building a wall around the american people and their medical coverage  and yo .
 cnn 53 light years away        getting there probably takes the same time it ll take trump to afford his wall i guess  .
best comment yet on trump s damn wall  love it  .
 realdonaldtrump praise god our wall is getting build in spite of  the democratic fighting us all the way thank you mr president trump.
he s a pathological liar  he s just an old goat incapable of change    everytime he talks it s just nonstop diarrhea .
 seabee12333  realdonaldtrump it is a lie that big sections of wall are being built  and no  they are not overwhelm .
 kyleray 94  lynn51781522  bpd mn oh  you must not follow the news  it would be nonstop  wall to wall coverage on a .
 realdonaldtrump trump continued to try to distract and divide americans by doubling down on his border wall rants .
president trump building the wall reminds me of noah building the arc.
 realdonaldtrump there you go     .
 realdonaldtrump build a wall around trump and save us all .
wall street journal  albayrak nekar trump qan bike  rpela n    .
 trump says  democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration laws  or the border  .
 realdonaldtrump donald trump in the white house must stop playing golf  support the dreamers  and stop lying about .
  president donald trump    democrats in congress must return from their vacations and change the immigration law .
 lilchiva  gypsy heart6 its not just the power of the us fp but also trump  for him  the election campaign is a gam .
 realdonaldtrump sorry how many miles of wall are being built      how many miles of fence are being replaced as si .
 stonecold2050 william weld running against trump    he has a one word climate policy   hoax   he has a one word im .
 wall .
 realdonaldtrump the only wall trump builds is a wall of lies .
oh i had another freakout   trump  trumpfreakout realdonaldtrump  democrats in congress must return from their vaca .
william weld running against trump    he has a one word climate policy   hoax   he has a one word immigration polic .
then there was a party and legal foreign or frontier  a great job product  and that s why the border security counc .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
pulitzer prizes were awarded to the wall street journal and the new york times for reporting on president donald tr .
i have such a big emotional wall up  trump couldnt afford it with anyones help .
and when donald trump  bless his heart  said  build the wall  .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
 kj joyce55  superyayadize  ericswalwell we want the wall  and trump to keep us safe .
trumps tweet about obamas wall and why it doesnt make sense   via  smedian network  writing  politics  writer .
 redrichie  tejmuk  crispmermaid well how has shutting down all debate on immigration worked out for you  we re bei .
 realdonaldtrump thursday prediction  barr report released end of day  as heavily redacted as feared  early in day .
people donated to build trump s wall  it s better that they put their money in a historic building at least  .
 qbs mom  hensnbitties maybe you should ask trump and the gop why the 1  got all your tax money  shit they took min .
 jkcorden  carolecadwalla trump got wall to wall coverage on all the major us tv networks  this decided the electio .
 gop  realdonaldtrump thats all the party of trump knows how to do  attack likes juvenile school yard bully  be as .
trump applied for permission to build a seawall to protect a golf course he owns in ireland from rising sea levels .
 charliekirk11 when donald is not nagging about the  wall   a k a  fence  that is intended to serve as a big trump .
 travitron1000  cenkuygur  nytimes  speakerpelosi  senschumer  berniesanders now thats a joke right   the msm hate .
optimism over the u s china trade negotiations coming to an end were abruptly halted as president trump shifted his .
 cher internment camps help prevent the need to release potentially criminal migrants into u s  trump didnt make b .
i m making a bingo card for who will read trump s counter report to mueller s report   what other phrases should i .
 whitehouse trump s priorities  become the president for life  become dictator  become king  throw everyone out of .
hillary clinton s answer to immigration at the border  much better solution than a racist border wall   trump .
note to trump    build a wall around that       pais described as white  about 5 feet  5 inches tall with brown hair  las .
 c0lettea i wonder what in her life was so bad that it caused her to turn to drugs  many who struggle with mental i .
amazing moments in history president trump said he would move illegals to sanctuary cities a place the democrats se .
 whitehouse health care for everyone is a good idea  dems are for securing the border just against building trump s .
other dems  like de blasio  are falling into trumps trap on illegal immigrants  firmly opposed to the obvious nee .
trump is probably jealous    he wishes they gave him that amount of money to build the wall    .
world leaders construction projects update    trump   i will build a huge wall on the mexican border    macron   i .
 reannetamia  raqgraft why s everybody talking about a wall is donald trump at it again .
 realmattcouch perhaps de blasio should ask andrew cuomo to start building a wall along new yorks southern border  .
le prix pulitzer rcompense 2 enqutes journalistiques embarrassantes pour trump   lenqute du  n ytimes  voquait .
abdnin saygn gazetelerinden wall street journal ieriden yazd      albayrak n trump grmesi de s 400 amazn b .
     2         donald j  trump  america  prizes .
 nemesisuk i hope they do redirect the funds elsewhere rather than on the rebuild or growing their own coffers  shi .
we are still being screwed by one of trump s worst mistakes   the  omnibus  bill       that disastrous bill is preventi .
 morningmika how does any democrat compete with wall st  money going to trump  wall st  keeps taking up gas heating .
 senbooker  realdonaldtrump i m getting tired of you lying about trump  yesterday you agreed border security was ne .
 macfhionnbhairr  lacerci65 trump promised his voters a muslim ban  mind you  he also promised a wall  .
 icejackel2015  mollyjongfast  thehill lol build a trump wall around it   and replace the stained glass window with one of him .
 mollyjongfast  thehill just dont let any trump member near any charities  millions and millions because people car .
 kamalaharris you know trump offered more beds for immigration centers in exchange for funding for the wall .
 mattgaetz of course a man who says protecting trump is his first priority would lie to his constituents and preten .
two options for trump  wall or notre dame  which is which  .
 nytopinion  douthatnyt the resistance is designed by wall street democrats to prevent any real oppositional coalit .
 alt nvinegar  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulation .
 winterstorm42  btc experts  gopchairwoman  realdonaldtrump  ivankatrump gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judg .
before the faithful potheads attack me  let me first preface this by stating that i will be interviewed by tonight .
 b3gsfan  thomasjonwilli1  rob shehan  speakerpelosi nancy promised the leaders of her party aoc et al that if they .
 marcorubio then we should be able to sue trump for property he wants to confiscate for oil lines  destroying our n .
 littleredtape  serendipitymg  askwrestlingguy  curiouslysmooth  nikkimcr wow ok ever president ever said they will .
 pot808o the person she quoted is a racist trump supporter who wants to build the wall just cuz her daughter od on fentanyl.
 godbrandr  aoc  theneedledrop trump did it to prove a point  once it costed the country more than he asked for to .
mccarthyism was the nipple of political free speech   compared with right now       the resistance has worked perfectly .
a group of  turdreich republican lawmakers claimed they were watching trump s wall being built at the border  they .
 nbcchicago they raised 1 billion for the church already  quicker than america did for a wall       take that trump       praise god .
why wont mexicans stay sad very long about trumps wall    they will get over it       .
 high on retweets and rallies populated with thousands of bright red maga hats  trump has decided that his america .
oman is deceived and is spreading her religion of deception       she needs to be censored and removed from congress im .
many leave voters   ukippers said brexit would be  easy   amp   quick        trump s 3 word rally chants like  build the wa .
 nbcnews  nbcleftfield  tedcruz  johncornyn i hold you responsible for this destruction of texas wildlife habitats .
this is what donald trump accidentally revealed during his threats to sanctuary cities   via  independent .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  bretbaier  donnabrazile cry demys cry                                   the delusion .
wsj  albayrak trump  s 400 konusunda ikna edemedi        abdde yaynlanan wall street journal .
 abc he sure looks like one of those homegrown terrorists criminals who would not be stopped by a ridiculous wall t .
 urocklive1  realdonaldtrump great job mr president trump  now build the wall  .
de blasio wants to build a wall of lawyers to stop illegal immigrants from entering his city  what a racist       .
 piersmorgan you think trump s wall is better than kgb s beloved iron curtain wall       don t worry  moscow makes sure .
 millsdarryl  bearpeace same here  david voted for jill stein b c hrc was in bed with wall street  my son  amp  i sai .
wall street journal  albayrak nekar trump qan bike   rupelanu01 araclyla.
 bearpeace same here  david voted for jill stein b c hrc was in bed with wall street  my son  amp  i said  so  youre .
 senategop   dont be surprised when he comes for funds to build a wall around the entire u s   hes cutting us off .
 wecan wewill1 believe what you will  say what you will  im not here to debate you  so please go  .
gov  doug ducey doesn t live in arizona anymore  he has hopped the wall into trumpland .
 rmajab  statedrl different story  trumps wall blocks outsiders from getting in  xis wall blocks insiders from getting out .
us judge sides with trump over lawsuit to stop border wall  via  youtube.
 righthookusa  dineshdsouza i was in favor of him getting his job back but his apology for tweeting his support for .
 womenintheworld i don t believe the wall will end human trafficking  but i know it will help  when you insult his .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc how the hell can we continue detaining with no space  wall is needed a .
2019    the new york times and the wall street journal won a pulitzer for their  coverage  of the trump administratio .
 peterbakernyt when the feds get sued for taking private property for trump s wall  this argument in opposition to .
a man said trump could use westbrook to build the wall with all them bricks .
 kaitmarieox    build a wall to keep you trump  amp  all your mob of deplorable s in  keeping the rest of us safe from all of the corruption etc .
in the news   trumps sanctuary city stunt   wall street journal  .
 maureen55495271  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump that is your opinion  all democrats think that  i do not  we need the .
abdnin nde gelen gazetelerinden wall street journal  hazine ve maliye bakan berat albayrak n washington temasla .
wsjdan albayrak trump grmesi yorumu  kmaz aamad   uluslararas basn  trkiye ve abd arasnda kriz yaratan s .
so its okay for trump to use my taxes to build a stupid wall but healthcare is unrealistic   .
 needtrump4prez  ballin colin24  ythdirect  theofficertatum  berniesanders what has trump done during his term as p .
the butterflies that could stop trumps wall .
fifty shaping freezes student whose bad ideas in before wall and super news apology to survived 25 years as trump .
 lewis goodall  nigel farage farage is simply emulating trump and sadly he is extremely good at doing so  brexit is .
trump is a complete failure at the reason he was elected  will be on board for bernie at this point  it can t actua .
 the trump train i have wondered that many times drain the swamp  term limits  amp  just build the wall  we all can s .
 vincentjenny  bob thibeault  kylekulinski  realdonaldtrump yes  that s what gets me through the day        ot  the wal .
wall street journalda  wsj        hazine ve maliye bakan berat albayrak2n beyaz sarayda abd bakan donald trump .
 adriansalter315 squirrel infiltrates trumps wall .
how violent american vigilantes at the border led to trumps wall   us news   the guardian   .
  brexit is like trumps wall  for its devoted fans it has a symbolic value totally unrelated to its workability  i .
the highest ranking woman in american politics nancy pelosi is in dublin  amazing woman at 79 she s the only woman .
but trump wants to build a wall  .
 kristallinegem yes  its called conservatives when trump thought about not shutting the government for his wall.
 jojoemal no wall and millions of illegal immigrants in the u s   millions more with no end in sight  trump was cho .
 mytwitvoice  carpedonktum we are impatient at times  but our wall is being built  the swamp is being drained  trum .
     2             america  prizes  realdonaldtrump.
 tiffanybluen  okielibsherry  chuckrock  prattkap  speakerpelosi  aoc win  lol midterms pop vote house 53  dems  45 .
not only is this tit still speaking like a 4 yr old  he s just been tucked up   good old trump values  just throw .
whispers are now rampant that president trump is using the significant funds allocated to military spending in the .
 resistancered1  r2017girl  sean spoonts  patriciamillin  nathanrbrody  barkindavid  a9ymous  luciusringwald .
no wall  support for new wave of cheap labour immigration  insane new cold war with russia  and now this  a long su .
 julieamclean  tylerg927  jorgashaus  erikwilson1975  plasticdoe  amanda pompili  veritasever  mcfunny  kmerian .
 imadapt73  cher  lwhaynes theyre not against that  theyre just against wasting billions on a wall to implement a .
pulitzer priser til new york times og wall street journal for trump saker .
 walmart  conspiracytheory  conspiracytheories  disaster  emp walmart fema camps   donald trump wall   get out   us .
 danielaroselle1  lori ella  shilohwalker support for the wall has shot up to 46  from 43  just within a month  in .
 saydee1273 they ll continue to coddell illegal aliens and treat murderers with cotten candy and silk while they tr .
 logan rtw trump supporters miss the irony of admiring the wall as they pass over it .
if the wall will not work  barr will  but barr will be busy defending aclu cases in court  more potential legal def .
 tr123xyz  cher  lwhaynes no  dems want those things without wasting billions on a wall  remember when americans fe .
 jdwest92594441  gopsaidwhat  kathysolberg trump grabbing money for wall  we have e 3 s going to food banks for foo .
the french fire fighters don t miss trump and hit the wall  .
 owenjones84 remember when bernie went hung ho for trumps wall       me either      but thats how we regard corbyns stance on a brexit .
 jkbjournalist  devincow please nail this guy s ass to the wall and include his buddy trump .
the trump regime is criminal and totally corrupt   it s  principles  are cash and wall street    it is a failed reg .
gop reps have learned to lie the same way trump does  a bunch of them went to arizona to see a demonstration of wal .
 leaderofprnk  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump     against democracy rules  the majority of american people don t suppo .
 gay of thrones  return references pete buttigieg  trump s wall .
  animaladvocate butterfly sanctuary is being bulldozed to make room for trump s wall in texas        can you get boots .
fake news and hadrians wall  multiculturalism roman style  essential viewing for trump and farage .
 extinctionr anyone in texas  a wildlife sanctuary is having a 150 foot wide swath bulldozed soon to make room for .
trumps sanctuary city stunt   wall street journal   .
president trump visits the new border wall  via  youtube.
the trump protection unit aka the gop has already built a wall for trump  .
wall street cierra en negativo tras el aviso del fmi y la amenaza de trump a europa .
news   the butterflies that could stop trumps wall .
 hossein3752  secpompeo  bush41library pompy bolton trump abrams etc are fully in the pocket of bibi and the likudn .
 repcohen i cant wait till your party falls for all their corrupt treason     trump 2020 keep cleaning the swamp o .
 jpbrammer i felt a little sympathy cause at least he was trying  but then i remembered that trump never tries  he .
 stop trump20 trump wants to build an anti climb wall.
 vincent68704702  davidvicary  ilhan  potus advice well taken   kindly give the same advice to your country to stay w .
  juanito31  araslanian  if people think the wall will stop drugs and immigration from flowing into the u s   they .
 ryanthemaker im not saying i agree with the wall or that i agree with trump but theres no need to go as far as d .
 azcentral this also   never should have happened     our  az gov  ducey has gladly fear mongered about the border  .
it s time for action    its time to rise    its time to get our man into no 10 we can not accept for donald trump t .
trump waived 28 laws to construct border wall   letters to editor   scottsbluff star herald  .
tell trump a wall does not belong on native american lands  save tohono oodham    sign the petition   via  change.
 lizbonnin  gretathunberg  extinctionr we have got to stop messing about selfishly thinking about our own minor iss .
 realjameswoods here in texas were prepared for the socialist takeover      it s called secession from the union  w .
 morrisschwartz9  asavagenation savage is usually great  lately hes been off on several issues   he blames trump fo .
 deborah07132165  shannonrusso73  zoomazoomboom  realdonaldtrump trump wants the wall everywhere  and that money ca .
 damiencruick  realdonaldtrump  foxnews why in gods name is michael savage criticizing trump for failing  to get .
 simonkinsider i mean  trump has all the answers  he might suggest building a wall next .
 eiggam5955  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler they keep hammering .
someone should have told him that if we stop supporting the war in yemen  that   could go to build trump s medieval .
 lrihendry  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump trump didnt do it alone    he had the backing of wall streeters  corpor .
 fightingtories  being un australian  is now unfairly  a hard right epithet for everyone who disagrees with them    i .
 danavivianwhite trump wants to rent them those temporary cyclone fences all around it  call it a fence  call it a .
 housedemocrats  senatedems       trump destroying wildlife habitats to build illegal wall  something must be done  now  .
 ganulvian  woodywoodrum  fairimmigration .
trump will build a wall around thanos so that he can t escape when antman enters his asshole and expands there     so .
 nbatv someone said trump could use westbrook to build that wall with all those bricks .
 ilhanmn build the wall   trump 2020 .
 jackposobiec do you think trump will do anything with his national emergency and build the wall .
the trump protection unit aka the gop has already built a wall for trump  .
 hawaiidelilah because the msm is deathly afraid of appearing to support a liberal  even more so one whom the fox a .
 aaronam69  realdonaldtrump it is why i have bugged trump since he started running for potus to create a virtual wa .
trump s wall will harm wildlife along the us southern border  say environmental experts  .
 c0lettea please just say youre a trump supporter and you want the wall dont try to use your daughter to cover her .
because its france and their president actually gives a fuck about the country  trump rather build a wall than hel .
 aaronam69  realdonaldtrump interestingly  all my rants are about most of these things  btw  that wall    we have h .
 vibewithdaisy  chinohoven as much as im against the wall and trumps dumbass  calling this dead womans daughter .
rt if you think trump should build this wall   realdonaldtrump .
 cassandrarules ive read all your yemen tweets  and i respect your opinion  my approach to yemen   freeassange  th .
 jackposobiec trump controls who is and isn t at his rallies  his security at those events is virtually special for .
 montedcantu  bigal562  terri101092  bpt326  reelect20  cherr marina  real pat henry  droidster3002 .
tommyeu   gt   the wall of trump  its a crypto chat here  not a place for your political propaganda     bitmex  trollbox  rekt.
trump administration moves to deny bail to some asylum seekers   the wall street journal .
god bless our wonderful potus trump and the usa  amen   drain the swamp and build that wall  maga   .
fuck donald trump and fuck his fucking wall   .
what has me baffled is that even trump supporters admit that the wall is symbolic  like  really  wow you re just go .
trump can get westbrook  to build damn wall he building with all that brick he shooting   .
not only did i get an awesome screenshot going through a wall  but i took out a trump supporter in the process .
gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulations repealed  us energy independent  isis destro .
gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulations repealed  us energy independent  isis destro .
 chatbycc  realdonaldtrump cc never responds  shes one of those maga bots who follow trump like hes a cult leader .
 johnjwinchester  senyorreporter that is literally  not  what sheriff estrada said        .
gorsuch  kavanaugh  100 circuit court judges  thousands of regulations repealed  us energy independent  isis destro .
fisa scandal  wall street analyst on  clinton machine  and  omnipotent  fbi   via  sputnikint.
 wsmv do you believe me when i say i have no idea what everyone is talking about  my girls got in to school because .
 asmvincefong fact of the year   your mentor  rep  kevin mccarthy helped pres  trump pass a  12 billion tax increas .
 cher  americannonna  aremond2 wall to stop illegals drugs child human trafficking     your so compassionate yet yo .
trump  build the wall    mexicans  .
i have great wall on the thugs who happen to trump  right .
 nbcnews presidential duty   what you democrats are talking about  when president trump try to do everything to pr .
12 gop traitors       senators voted against trump s border wall national emergency .
 joncutting1  realdonaldtrump i plead the blood of jesus over trump  his entire family and all his supporters  divi .
here s the reason why terry barnes escaping from bootleggers  gov  bailout funding exchange for three books  sale  amp  .
guys i have so much writers block rn i could build a wall bigger than trump ever could.
 1059sunnyfm look at that smug smile  i hope your girls are proud   i will tell ya   i will believe you the day tru .
 gop now if only the rhinos would have gotten off their asses  amp  fixed health care or even helped trump build the wa .
when donald trump said build a wall i felt that        smh u people feel too many things .
the old chuck schumer supported border security        the new chuck schumer calls a border wall a waste of money and i .
 marhvo  witzwilz  oderoalulu mazee hii rebuildini ni kama wall ya trump     will it ever end .
starting in january its going to be wall to wall coverage of candidates bashing trump to cheering crowds and he is .
 walterowensgrpa  cnn you re an american treasure sir  president trump is amazing at building stuff   he can put a .
 wokefullhouse oh lori   the day you are innocent is the day trump will give up building a wall .
 amp  yet trump wants us to pay for his dumbass wall .
trump s wall   stonewall .
paying for  realdonaldtrump  trump s border wall with el chapo s money was dan s idea back in 2017  which he talked .
the trump campaign has said that if china builds a wall with them  the wall will be  a nightmare for our country  a .
 avatarmax123  qjames you also forgot the remains of the korean war vets were brought home to their families    no .
trump said he would reduce the trade deficit  it hit an all time high instead  drained the s .
 realjameswoods she s a moron james  who loves the sound of her own voice   she did not win her seat  it came to he .
if president trump releases the overflow of illegal aliens to sanctuary states   maybe  most likely  the people may .
  we can fight with them  sign to help them keep their land undivided    msw52102 .
praise god    see 45th president donald j  trump continue to raise his approval rating to  52  a jump of  8  because .
like  imagine trump helps rebuild notre dame and goes   k france  now help me build the wall   hell to the no  mayb .
 me5ash  mattperdue  scottpresler if only trump had taken that  25 billion deal the dems offered for the wall   thi .
 gilessue54  charliekirk11 i have issues with a bunch of the other points too but those 2 jumped off the page  trum .
for those who like to  resist and obstruct  sign the petition and resist  thewall separating a  sovereignnation .
trump called macron and urged him to build a wall to keep out all the hunchbacks .
westbrook building donald trumps wall by himself with all those bricks.
and look  we can act quickly  sign the petition to do just that  tell trump the  tohonooodham s lands don t belong .
 jeepsuzih2  saracarterdc trump turned down effective new laws and tons of wall money  this 5000 illegal per day in .
 itsyoujuan8 sign trump  he will build a wall  .
go trump  go trump  bless you be  build the wall                                     .
 ltnldy805  realdonaldtrump lazy   hes not a mexican   hes a workaholic      no president in americas history ha .
 the trump train and she lives behind a great big wall.
 weve never seen anything like this   as trump threatens to close border  migrants overwhelm texas cities .
 weve never seen anything like this   as trump threatens to close border  migrants overwhelm texas cities .
oh good  kenney s crowd echoes build that wall chant  build that pipe  and then he himself echoes nixon and trump  silent majority   cdnpoli.
concerned about the future tonight  for my job as a nurse  my patients who will have less of us with cuts  my kids .
 whitehouse democrats  get american healthcare up to par with the rest of the world  ignore the border wall  theyl .
if a really old building can get so much actual money  why can t real  living people get support in the form of a m .
 thv11 damn thats was quick raise money more trump ask for his wall .
 hellemax  alberta ucp  jkenney i don t think this will change peoples  minds at all  if ucp messes up they will bl .
realdonaldtrump damn right were gonna build that wall  and you will pay for it   via twitter .
what we learnt in the past couple of days is that donald trump does not govern america  he presides over a fandom  .
 indivisprescott also  not right     our  az gov  ducey has gladly fear mongered about the border  trump style  and .
opinion  this is what donald trump accidentally revealed during his threats to sanctuary cities .
 buzzledorf  potuschecker45  joshuasuggs   thedravenn  trooploverbarry  bibilynn7  vixfinlay  realdonaldtrump i jus .
for god s sake     walk out  you are already tainted from being there so long  you need a new political party  tell .
 colbertlateshow  stephenathome i bet trump cant build a puzzle oh wait i forgot he cant as he needs a border wall first   lssc.
great  they re actually taking trump s chants and using them in alberta now but with pipe instead of wall  because .
 gkeile demarcates do not want trump to win with wall or medicare or anything    they no wats right and just dont .
this is what donald trump accidentally revealed during his threats to sanctuary cities    via  independent .
 claudiaruff6  b77 sarah  tinamowery2 just like she offered   1  00 for wall   trump just made ever democrat state .
this 1950s tv show clip predicted a man named trump would try to get people to build a wall  topbuzz .
my top 10 diapers annihilated by legs   democrats say they dont want a wall or against border security .
 wreckofold97  scottpresler do you know the democrats offered trump a  25 billion deal for his wall and he turned i .
meyers leonards beard has more gaps in it than donald trumps wall .
 edkrassen he trying to compete with the rich donating money to get his name in there along side of them and will p .
 dailycaller the problem is being caused by the democrats  president trump and most of america wants the wall .
free man beyond the wall  episode 247  trump s family  a o c   parkland and the las vegas shooting w  brad binkley .
 ditzkoff trump to me is literally lyle lanley  trumps wall   lyles monorail    .
  1  16 apr 2019                    .
 conservatrarian  alangura  varadmehta let me guess how conservative you are  you support trumps national emergenc .
 temocracy17  willsommer have you considered that your hate for trump could possibly be misguided  i only ask cuz i .
 speakerpelosi build the wall  trump pence 2020.
trump is so willing to approve the u s  to donate and help them  however  he wont give a dime to the people in his .
 826maureen  skynewsaust  abcnews  y7news  9newssyd  10newsfirst  sbs  sbsnews just so horrible  no wonder trump wants a wall  .
 tlfordsc  johnkasich  potus  realdonaldtrump well we know there weren t thousands standing outside ports of entrie .
 petebuttigieg what can you offer that other neolib prez from reagan to trump hasn t offered  more  lead w  our val .
 usnavymompa  theodoricofyork maybe they could divert some of that border wall money to france   trump is probably .
 suusie61  deepstateexpose  realdonaldtrump  foxnews he actually has records of refusing to give out apartments to .
 benbakermo  mocattle  mofarmbureau  missouricorn  unless its the grifter trump to build the ineffective wall  amp  wa .
every sanctuary city where  realdonaldtrump has a resort or building  the city could use eminent domain and house t .
i want a president who will fight for m4a the same way trump is fighting for the wall       and then tear down trump s .
 paulsonthespot  hillaryclinton exactly     we don t care about   president trump s tax returns  immigration  illeg .
 the trump train its called wise investments in the wall st  you love .
 i wish i was a fly on the wall         exclusive  house dems sign secret mous to target trump   sara a  carter .
 rob shehan  speakerpelosi nancy was the ready to go on vacation and desert these workers  and a lot of them were p .
  realdonaldtrump  potus campaign promises kept  wall being built  booming economy  draining the swamp  deplorables .
president trump visits the new border wall  via  youtube.
 diamondandsilk you know they re waiting for trump to come thru with his promise to dump illegals in their cities  .
 spytalker trump robbing the country to pander to his base  we already have a wall  that s not the problem   .
i feel like all trump supporters know now to say is either maga  or build the wall  there s no educated debating or .
 kylekuzma lol people who tweet this shit are the same ones saying we dont need a wall   anything trump does at th .
 thejonfish  donaldjtrumpjr  mayorpete the berlin wall was built for the exact opposite reason of trumps  ironical .
 truefactsstated i bet mitch sees the writing on the wall and quits rather than face a bad beat  hell quit in time .
 samdobermann  martinheinrich another open border trump hater  you watch to much fiction news from cnn  msnbc or te .
 danavivianwhite  aegtx so  we have enough money to spend on a useless wall  and to help pay for repairs for a fren .
god bless president trump  his administration and all conservative christian americans    trump pence 2020    conti .
 sengillibrand gave my dollar towards the wall  gooooooo trump   .
ny times  wall street journal win pulitzers for trump probes    .
 rtallie131 i ve started trump s wall.
 nevadajack2 act like an adult cindy mccaine  not a petulant little child  you know damned well the wall will work  .
 gop  realdonaldtrump and where are president trumps recommended fixes to our immigration system  the big beautifu .
  repmattgaetz with a border wall prototype     .
 realdonaldtrump    i believe we have a crack in the wall  more    .
 jeanetesalles nem liga    o prefeito de ny  da esquerda extrema e sempre falou mal do presidente trump e a bola d .
siempre es un aprendizaje leer a jorge ramos        .
 lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  foxnews what is wrong with you trump people totally clueless  the wall is not to keep .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews thank you forrest trump for the racial issues due to your white supremacist movement agai .
trump would be impressed on how well malays can build a wall around ourselves .
 thehill save your cash and chip in for the wall in case nyc and beverly hills are not ready for your new 1 2 milli .
 c0lettea the reality is that illegal drugs enter legally  the cartel operates w  the help of many american citizen .
 breitbartnews  repmattgaetz we call him matt the trump ass kisser  here he is saying this is new wall construction .
 cassandrarules all it took was his cabinet to know the dude was a sellout  i mean    more wall st than obama  trum .
 lrlowery1935  screwedhumans absolutely   it is despicable that the democrats have fought trump so long over buildi .
the new york times and d wall street journal hv been awarded pulitzer prize for investing on us president trump abt .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews jeremiah15  20 i will make you a wall to this people  a fortified wall of bronze  they w .
how do i feel about canada  i feel like trumps building a wall on the wrong border.
 d20310275  speakerpelosi there is no crisis  trump is conning you  it would take 10 years to build a 2000 mile wal .
appeals court rules donald trump can build border wall .
 kinglouiedaviii  billkristol trump is not even close to nixons intellect  mayor pete will wipe the floor with him  .
im tired of the muellar report trump taxes his wall  the gop  congress so many presldential candidates everything .
 takecaback  charliekirk11  realdonaldtrump the only reason trump d dumpty wants the wall  is because jareds compa .
 globalnews  am640 wall off alberta give it to trump.
trump s border wall will have grave environmental consequences .
 repkevinbrady but you re okay with  washington imposing land grabbing eminent domain on texas landowners  in order .
president trump needs your help  with building his wall and getting reelected for 2020  please call  for wall and .
 lourdesbarbaraf  jogonx you really should do some research before trying to sound smart   upswing in the econo .
 realdonaldtrump pity about the trump tax fail that benefited wall street  but not main street  trump added  2 tril .
 gindaanis  nativeapprops  kimtallbear  justicedanielh  darrylleroux  pollysgdaughter whites since arriving on turt .
 wfla wow but trump cannot raise money to build a wall now you tell me this s    ain t crazy.
 hjessy   tom winter whites since arriving on turtle island  usa   ethnic cleansing wall deportation ban reducing l .
 cityofyuma president trump is a genius on immigration  build the wall close the border completely .
washington state university college republicans gathered tuesday for what many anticipated to be a scene similar to .
appeals court rules donald trump can build border wall       washtimes.
 tweedd  msterrymcmillan no one can do what obama did no one is what i m telling you it can t be duplicated  just l .
 tam resist  theon orbis what happened to trumps buddy  prince al waleed bin talal  he loaned him the cash when wa .
never apologize    after that  the campus went so far as to host a forum in which hect could be grilled by students a .
the butterflies that could stop trumps wall .
tonight  kris kobach to debate jeff flake  flake wants trump out of 2020 nomination  it s going to be epic the pos .
 fairimmigration  kdvr it s a crisis wake up democrats our great pres trump is right to build the wall  maga  maga  maga  maga trump 2020.
i love conservative twitter    like theyre all like trump is winning at everything yet his healthcare bill didnt .
u s  officials consider new penalty for visa overstays   the idea  which was first reported by the wall street journa .
hey  whatever happened to the gofundme to build trumps wall  did the millions disappear without a trace .
 nativeesoul  kamvtv hurry   lets go help trump build the wall down on the southern border .
 charliekirk11 wall is not being built   was from a previous bill before trump.
  musicboxx trump and that got damn wall .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump  foxnews poor trump sees the handwriting on the wall         bernie2020 .
 debbielesko a trump created border crisis  you mean  how does a wall demonstration happen exactly   they show you .
 achilles936  thehill my last point  funding social programs in latin america would do more good and be a lot cheap .
 charliekirk11 and against all those evil people  trump has been able to balance the budget  eliminated the debt  p .
 aclu  rolandsmartin republicans  ethnic cleansing wall deportation ban reducing legal immigration from black and b .
trump first vetoed declaration of national emergency to fund border wall  now vetoes measure to force end to u s  i .
 charliekirk11 no need for a wall  trump is planning on releasing people into sanctuary cities in an epic pissed hi .
 rob shehan  b3gsfan  speakerpelosi the budget did not include sufficient funds for the wall   obviously trump was .
 judgejeanine the true belief of the left is coming out  they have never been for the people coming across the bord .
 thefliestplane .
 tedards  rrick75  hillaryclinton  ladyjusticega what gets me is nearly everyone has seen the video of trump being .
 gliesenh  writestruths  lauferlaw another friend of mine who likes trump  but sees him as a useful tool because tr .
trump offers wall money to rebuild notre dame cathedral     after 2020   .
 repadamschiff dick cheney is always invested in war machines  this doesnt surprise me  trump needs something to d .
 mickelodoole  donhum47  norgegirl  alexheathering3  aug1405  serremmy  revkeithbritt  omarrshabazz  fortressfin .
how trump going to give money to build a church   in france   and we gotta pay for the wall       build a damn clean wa .
shameful  another bad decision from our current  gov  immigration jails are going to be full of people waiting mont .
how trumps border wall perpetuates the legacy of colonialism on the rio grande .
 robreiner in what way is barr doing this   like all demoncrats you are actually saying nothing   commit yourself t .
 amconmag  anncoulter  jimantle and what about the millions who voted for trump because they wanted a wall  and the .
break down the wall and break down the misconception of the necessity of the wall  msw52102 .
president trump says new border wall  looks great     i love this guy .
 realdonaldtrump they can keep beating the dead horse but didnt you just tell putin to get his soldiers out of our .
 alamodeadxx  jesterjames93  myoung968  little alyssum  sottilegina  phlegm420  zombie hunter73  mmtortuga .
 nbcnews  nbcpolitics trump is getting big money from big money  banks  and wall street  the democrats are getting .
and this isn t just political spin   this the  the truth   trump sucks up to mega rich wall street folks  and has n .
 catherinesalo20  framinosona  stuartd32  mrwndrflxoxo  bruce ballou  ryanafournier  realdonaldtrump yep but she do .
wall or no wall poll is only open for two more days  vote now using the link provided below         vp   republicans .
 nicole balestri  nytimes dems fought him on    for wall  every time  again  you and the rest of dems just outright .
 kristan higgins trump already has money for those he is just diverting for his beloved wall .
 connoro02833314  ryanhillmi  realdonaldtrump remember when president trump referred to 9 11 as never forget 7 11  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 rofloftheday      california s us congressman  duncan hunter  jumps border fence in arizona to show how easy it it  ge .
 via  nytimes   these people no more belong at the border playing cop than if they were at you .
 videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us immigration   the guardian .
 realdonaldtrump have you heard anything about this yet    .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news  patriots i used to .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
good neighbor settlement house volunteers .
 emc2birds1stone  ludicculus yeah  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexico border .
.
check out this  argusleader story to learn about what i saw during my trip to our nation s southern border  .
a right wing militia group in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them at gunpoi .
.
these  scallywags  would  not qualify for military  service  or  police work  back ground checks  will reveal they .
here s what you need to know about the  united constitutional patriots  nazi militia rounding up people at the us m .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
a right wing militia group in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them at gunpoi .
armed militia detained hundreds of migrants in new mexico .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         ignore .
ok  i know this comment will piss off some that follow me and that is fine  but these idiots give every republican  .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border  .
 inhotwatershow  genobiscontepa  aaronbergcomedy  landaudave an example of getting shit done        .
 the american civil liberties union described the group as an  armed fascist military organization  in a letter to .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
this in media   not true   this was citizens arrest of migrants who broke thru mexico border  amp  hit police     armed v .
militias kidnapping at gunpoint   this is incredibly dangerous  random groups of men with guns are detaining and thre .
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detai .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn    this is sad  i know they re g .
good job united constitutional patriots we love what you re doing     militia group pledges to patrol u s  mexico bor .
if anyone would have told you 10 years ago that we d surrender our country to mexico  who barely has a military     .
this is the absolutely saddest thing i ve read in a while  it s also enraging  i don t get how this is being allowe .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border  this is too scary      this is stil .
 there is no security  no barrier  it s just an easy hop  skip or swim into the united states   .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
it s striking that a spokesperson for customs and border protection won t directly discuss with the new york times .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 videos appear to show  armed  militia  detaining  migrants at  us  mexico  border .
yes  we need more of these guys patrolling our borders to help our border patrol team       .
not sure what the law is on this  however aclu is wrong and tredding on slander by calling potus rascist .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   via guardian .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews  .
if govt is incompetent  yes  us civilians have a duty to protect ourselves        border vigilantes  and the wall they .
the duo took to the air and ground to get a first hand look at what the border patrol deals with on a daily basis  .
somebody stop these vigilantes   new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   andrewk350.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report on new mexico border  .
right wing new mexico militia detains  migrants at gun point until  borderpatrol  arrives   bordercrisis .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews  .
and many businesses in the coming 2years w his tariffs  americans are going to pay more for many  many products bc .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us immigration   the guardian .
the story behind the world press photo of the year from the us mexico border  quartz .
when will our complicit news media start adding climate change before migrants migrations      we need less hateful p .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 thisisamerica 2019     if these people follow our verbal commands  we hold them until border patrol comes  border .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
this is really happening in new mexico right now dangerous white supremacists from the midwest are violently kidnap .
 newmexico is doing something         wethepeople  potus  .
new mexico militia detains   migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex co .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border .
 videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    militia  border  migrants.
racism at the border  .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border       this shirt need .
right wing nutjobs are accosting migrants at gunpoint at the border  .
 a right wing militia group operating in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining the .
 tuscanysunsets  awhatdafudge  afbranco  realdonaldtrump let s also support the patriot citizens defending the sout .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
how retro    nothing like righteous good  ol boy vigilantes policing the border in the interest of lord trump       i m s .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border  no vigilantes in the matter of border security .
 via  thestranger s slog am    .
completely unacceptable that migrants be menaced or threatened upon entering the u s        uncontrolled borders ar .
president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall as mexica .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border .
president realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall as mexica .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
president  realdonaldtrump said he would block money transfers to mexico to fund a much needed border wall as mexic .
all the more reason to get more human rights lawyers down there as soon as possible  this is going to escalate to r .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  good   it s the .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexico border     techjollof .
certifiably insane  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
not only does this seem like kidnapping by militia members  to the extent border patrol coordinates with these kidn .
new mexico  militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
this is pure racism  fully anti american  and fucking dangerous        videos appear to show armed militia detaining mi .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
my favorite part of every article about some racist militia on the border is where some alpha dude bro moved halfwa .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
trending fox business news  obama border patrol chief  citizens patrolling us  mexico border very dangerous congres .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian  mfing bastards .
    its incredibly traumatizing to have  members of a militia group  who are not law enforcement  who are carrying .
not okay        videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us immigration   the guard .
tanks moving thru us mexico border   .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives   this is why we have a 2nd amendment s .
this is terrifying  armed pro trump militia members are detaining  kidnapping  migrants at the us mexico border and .
 .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing .
sounds like a great idea to me  where do i sign up    .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
 militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint   vigilantism on the border by  viasimonromero .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn  armed vigilantes   .
  aclu   militiagroups are  kidnapping migrants at gunpoint at  us  mexico  border    .
      right wing militias detain migrants at border.
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
we are now a lawless country run by vigilantes and militia       new mexico militia group detains migrants at the borde .
if these people follow our verbal commands  we hold them until border patrol comes  border patrol has never asked .
 statedrl  irf ambassador why us dept is so concerned about chinese matter it s their country they are taking utmos .
border patrol does not sanction  but border patrol love these patriots for detaining these illegals criminals       no .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
obama border patrol chief  citizens patrolling us  mexico border very dangerous   .
   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
dear democrats    here is a story you should read    when you say you want to take guns away from the people  this is w .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  .
this is terrifying  a group of men  mostly ex military  called  united constitutional patriots   ucp  have illegall .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
a well regulated militia  being necessary to the security of a free state             new mexico militia detains migr .
the american civil liberties union of new mexico contends a migrant group was held at gunpoint until the .
            this is fucking disgusting tell these hicks and their militia to go back to texas   this is new mexico  .
podcasts to better understand the us mexicoborder   .
great news  someone is actually working to slow the flow     how do we encourage thousands more american patriots to .
media playback is unsupported on your device media captionfive numbers that explain us border crisis a video has em .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  brownshirts .
 the militia spokesperson  said the organization plans to remain on the border until the extended wall proposed by .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 potus   whitehouse  realdonaldtrump  donaldjtrumpjr       deputize these patriots          gop  housegop  senategop does n .
please support this campaign so that i can go and do journalistic work  as  an independent journalist at the  us  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  so we have armed vigilantes confronting .
after months apart  a handful of separated families tearfully reunite at u s  mexico border   by andrea castillo .
new mexico right wing militia groups are detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  .
what a horrific story  an extremist  extrajudicial militia group in new mexico detaining and kidnapping hundreds of .
completely unacceptable that migrants be menaced or threatened upon entering the u s        uncontrolled borders ar .
what are  fbi and  cbp going to do about the armed gangs detaining refugee asylum seekers at the us border  .
 eeerox  alotrolado org  nomoredeaths  thetinavasquez it s also legal now to shoot and kill kids in mexico while fi .
these migrant families fled their homes because of violence  amp  conflict  amp  now rogue militias along the border are in .
 realdonaldtrump said i will choose safety over business     gop says no you will not   trump back peddling from clos .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  the folks with the guns certainly look .
this is horrifying        new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
we need more militias along the border  that s 200 that would have slipped through and the new mexico gov is okay w .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn  .
these racist  vigilante militias are breaking the law and violating asylumseekers   humanrights by kidnapping and d .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
 .
abolish ice  abolish border patrol  shut down the detention centers   one of the deadliest places on the southwest .
 cnn  msnbc  hatewatch   bbcworld  pbsnewshour  aclu  votolatino  nbclatino u s white supremacy border klan  new me .
new mexico voters need to recall michelle lujan grisham  she is putting all of us in danger by denying the emergenc .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
2019  realdonaldtrump  is the crisis  chart  is the u s  really experiencing an immigration crisis    statista .
and here we go    new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews  .
so now were racing through super narrow tunnels under the us mexico border in sports cars while wonder woman yells .
they are illegal aliens  not asylum seekers     .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
about damn time  .
brilliant  .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
it seems that terrorists are now patrolling the us border with mexico  .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
when new mexico escapes from  dems  ordinary citizens won t have to defend it s border      new mexico militia detains .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
   1 dead body found on our side    trudeau has no control of our border s  us agents stopped 12 .
another municipality declares border emergency  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews       wtf   allowing armed v .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
seattle wa    new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn         viva les etats unis  .
.
stop the migrants coming through our southern border   .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says  .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexico border       media playback is unsu .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
trump supporters illegally detaining migrants near border    .
 amyklobuchar how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s a 2 400 man illeg .
a right wing militia has begun detaining groups of migrant families at gunpoint before handing them over to border .
 corybooker how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s a 2 400 man illegal .
 petebuttigieg how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s a 2 400 man ille .
 ewarren how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s a 2 400 man illegal al .
 kamalaharris how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s a 2 400 man illeg .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 sengillibrand how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s a 2 400 man ille .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
 alarmingvideos appear to show  armed  militia  detaining migrants at us mexico border .
contrary to what liberal lawmakers say  american citizens have every right to detain people who are illegally break .
us citizens protecting their country against a latino democrat governor  amp  democrat congess that won t  amp  wants open .
 hopefully more americans enter the malitia  and to the idiotic mayor of new mexico  it s called citizens arrest .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary how much more time and millions in tax payer dollars will be spent on this  there s .
 new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants  report    what border crisis           .
brown shirts helping at the border          .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
these militias have been around for decades  with david duke s 1977 klan border patrol an early example  but usuall .
 realmagasteve we have lots of patriot groups on the texas  new mexico  arizona and california border  our congress .
the amount of pro illegal alien propaganda in this article is stunning       .
the standard response    the american civil liberties union said in a statement that the trump administrations vi .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
how the us outsourced border security to mexico  via  youtube.
and chances they re related to a bundy are pretty high  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at .
videos show  illegal armed pro  trump  white  farright self avowed  fascist  militia detaining  migrants at .
an armed pro trump militia in new mexico appears to be detaining migrants at the border and working with border pat .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   someone is going to get killed .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn  kidnapping .
there are currently over 1 000 hate groups actively operating in the us        of those  165 are armed militia groups  .
americas fascist militia supported by border patrol    .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
the strategy by  thedemocrats has worked out  fed up by the radical  leftists gerrymandering  amp  politicking  .
call me crazy here but it seems like allowing armed militants to hang out at the border pretending to be cops is a .
good at least someone is doing something   dimocrates are not going to   .
new mexico militia      rights group condemns u s   vigilante  treatment of migrants on border       .
there is a national crisis at the southern u s  border  but not to the  democrats  the democrats campaign for open .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  aclu calls the actions kidnapping and .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexico border .
a right wing  militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of  migrant families  amp  detai .
in bulgaria  citizens that defend the border are hailed as heroes by their government       foxnews.
new mexico is reaping what its has sown  by electing a far left liberal  as its gov  who believes in open borders  .
absolutely horrifying that militias  comprised of former law enforcement military  pointing guns at and detaining p .
 immigration  borderpatrol   videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
it s about time      we have the right to defend our country from all enemies foreign or domestic      if congress would ac .
government better step up or citizens will  new mexico wtf you can not elect someone better than this commie you ca .
 militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint  by simon romero via nyt a citizens militia known as the .
militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint a citizens militia known as the united constitutional patr .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the border in nm  coordinated arrest w border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
  to kidnap and detain people seeking asylum and accused the group of directly making illegal arrests    great  a b .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    or also called an acting paramilitary .
a militia group in new mexico is holding asylum seekers at gunpoint before handing them over to border patrol .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews  .
aclu are a bunch of stupid clowns  detain the maggots and send them backnew mexico militia group detains migrants a .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says      kidnapping  vigilantes   is that what we .
nm governor implying he hates u s   maga   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrive .
 leenajanss  senangusking king votes votes with the democrats and against any border security between the usa and m .
 jgilliam seal  joshscampbell  cnn  comey  realdonaldtrump hey jonathan  thanks for all you re doing man  someday  .
i support their actions     we need more people standing up taking action to defend       these weren t  migrants seek .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexicoborder  .
nm gov says militia has no right to detain illegals but  nm statutes chap 31   cp art 4   extradition sect 31 4 14 .
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall via  thenation .
very dangerous situation at the nm border  these individuals should not be taking law enforcement into their own ha .
 haaretzcom in 1915  after general pershing put down the moslem insurrection  president woodrow wilson ordered him .
your fault  realdonaldtrump    new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
borderland citizenship could bring justice to both sides of trumps wall via  thenation .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
a new mexico militia group detained migrants at the border  the aclu calls it kidnapping   cnn .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
right wing  armed  racist militias are at the border to threaten families seeking asylum  is this the new border pa .
our newley elected govener has no ideal about leadership    .
 hectorbalderas those of us down here in otero county are appalled by your flagrant disregard for federal law and y .
the us government is willfully allowing domestic terrorists to operate along the southern border and won t do anyth .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report    newmexico  report  migrants .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexico border  video on facebook shows the armed right wing vigil .
it is a damn shame when taxpayers have to the job of the federal government  i wrote to bush 43 about the border cr .
this armed vigilantism at the southern border isnt new     via  nytimes.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
from fox news   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   new mexico mi .
this is so fucked up  how have border patrol not shut this  militia  down yet  migrants are being met in new mexico .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
breaking  an armed pro trump militia in new mexico appears to be detaining migrants at the border and working with .
new mexico declares state of emergency over migrant influx  no crisis at the border right  democrats    .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexicoborder  .
were just here to support the border patrol and show the public the reality of the border  said mr  benvie  43  .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn       orange hitler s sa.
.
in a word  remove all the deadly obstructions on the border  in  no one is illegal  justin akers chacn argues  alo .
extremist vigilante militia groups like this endanger peoples lives  and are rooted in white supremacy  remember  .
alt white terrorists  the united constitutional patriots a white supremacy group illegally detained migrants on us .
should a voluntary militia be allowed to arrest migrants     to use force  even deadly force     to what extent shoul .
good for the militia  if misguided politicians and vacuous bureaucrats are not willing to protect citizens  then so .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         since .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border  the aclu calls it kidnapping  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn  smartnews  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
this actually a good idea  as long as no one gets violent         .
      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives   .
 thisisamerica     how is this even allowed is beyond me       .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
.
someone s got to help keep america safe  great job people .
militia detains migrants at gunpoint along the us mexicoborder .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         sounds .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
mt christo rey pilgrimage   us mexico border  2 countries one humanity .
5 misconceptions about the u s  mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            compl .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
as a new mexican  i agree with these brave souls  new mexico is neither new nor mexico  the libtoads running the pl .
butthurt governor slams citizen success        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arri .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
 2a    wrwy    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
somebody should give these guys a medal    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrive .
a militia group is detaining migrants at the us mexicoborder  .
   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed  militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex co .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 fuckyouaclu you are niether american or civil the so called  liberty  you profess in your exclusive union  is to .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn   smartnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
this is what happens when government fails the people who are paying the bills    .
 2a  a well regulated  militia being necessary to the security of a  freestate  the .
border network news tirelessly begging us citizens to help themselves  and says the people of mexico are for us  bu .
             based   .
new mexico government rips civilian militia for detaining 200 migrants at gunpoint near border       this is awesome  t .
new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants  report            until peopl .
immigrants menaced and threatened by militia according to new mexico governor  govmlg       how about arresting an .
.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 thank you .
fox 10 am az senator mcsally talked about the families illegally crossing our border have to be released in us in 3 .
 anncoulter  dont know why they think they need to patrol the border when we have a wall down there .
we   ajcorchado  thankful for great dialogue and discussion about the us mexico border  .
your stupidity has consequences on the us citizens that do live in border states      lamaralexander      mittromney      .
arrests should be made  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico united constitutional patriots group militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  .
completely acceptable       way to go arizona  more of this             .
this milita is what we need to protect and do what is necessary to save the border  governor nor congress is doing .
 democrats     traitors     militia     illegal    the  militia have the right to detain  illigals   its  illigals  what do .
thinking out loud here    if cbp can t legally force the border jumpers to go back to mexico  can us citizens do it .
when the us government fails to honor their constitutional duty to protect us borders   wethepeople are forced to p .
why wasn t the militia arrested       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report               so .
every elected official in the house and senate takes the following oath  swearing to uphold the laws of the land an .
heroes and patriots        maga.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
patriots  if you are in the area please help   if you can   food  water  radios  protection gear  tents  any surviv .
u s  auto industry will practically shut down if trump closes us mexico border  via  carscoop .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by  patriots patrolling us mexico border       infowars  alexjones  realnews .
stotrupp coming soon to a border near you       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
obama border patrol chief  citizens patrolling us  mexico border very dangerous   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
shows people are sick and tired of this invasion and congress not doing their jobs     .
 newmexicooag this is what happens when leaders at all levels of gov dont enforce the laws already passed    .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            it s .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      there are some private groups .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives were all just one instance away from .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
patriots gt new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  illegalaliens .
 breaking videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    aclu  calls the vigilante a .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         our go .
good        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
albuquerque  a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant fami .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
if the sack of poo poo politicians would follow their oath and do the job they were hired for real patriots would n .
photographer elliot ross  amp  writer genevieve allison traveled all 2 000 miles of the usmexico .
boo hoo governor  michelle4nm   this is what should be happening when the government doesn t get off its ass and do .
due to a shifting of cbp personnel along the us mexican border  widespread delays in transportation services at the .
here we are  armed right wing militia detaining migrant families seeking asylum at gunpoint and handing them over .
from fox news   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report new mexico mili .
thank youconstitutional patriots 4protecting rborders hopefully congress will get their rears in gear  amp actually do .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news      why is this unaccep .
i say bravo to the united constitutional patriots         new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border .
 members offered  20 to any of the migrants who could identify the smuggler who helped them cross the border  but n .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 cherijacobus shes about as emotional as a rock  she has promoted and defended human rights violations at the us m .
patriotic militias like this should be commended for their bravery  the fact that the militia did this and not auth .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
technically  a re entrant illegal immigrant is potentially committing a felony   i believe that citizens are allowe .
nm s grisham claims citizens don t have right to enforce law  all citizens under state  amp  federal law of the constit .
winning    the fantastic patriotic new mexico militia detains hundreds of illegal aliens at gunpoint until border pat .
 govmlg another dem lying through their teeth        it should go without saying that regular citizens have no authori .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         excell .
why is the us border patrol not arresting and charging with vigliantism members of the united constitutional patrio .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
notice how a civilian group is depicted in a negative light  right wing   rewrite to reflect rights of a sovereign .
no this is what happens when the government doesnt do their job .
 letsgomathias they re not migrants when they enter this way  they re illegal immigrants  illegally crossing into t .
remember when  berniesanders voted to fund the minuteman project  it was a right wing group that went after immigra .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
they seem to forget that the american people have a right to secure their borders if the government refuses .
another liberal meltdown and exactly one of the big reasons they want to take our guns away        new mexico militia d .
just wow  what an unappreciative prick  law enforcement everywhere asks for help  yet this dipshit says they have n .
      fed up  people starting to take matters into their own hands  but its a manufactured crisis right .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
what else is a citizens arrest       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
hmmm  she s upset that someone is doing the job she won t   protect our sovereign border  new mexico s socialist  d .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         shark .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
absolutely beautiful   need more of this  as long as the militia is respectful to the people they catch   .
a right wing militia group operating in nm has begun stopping groups of migrant families seeking asylum and detaini .
keep up the good work militia  if the dummycrats refuse to help border security  we normal americans appreciate you .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
nice to see fox news jumping on the right wing bullshlt train  yes  our founding fathers and everyone who supports .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia group detains migrants at the border   cnn   smartnews.
new mexico militia detains 200 migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives      .
from the local party  sccdp  rt samtlevin  an armed pro trump militia in new mexico appears to be detaining migrant .
really  unacceptable  dear lord       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  rep .
militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint       members of the united constitutional patriots patrolling .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         dear n .
militias aren t just for government overreach  but also for government inaction       .
i see it s at the  armed vigilante militia enforcing the border  stage of fascism in the us now .
rise up patriots      the founders knew this day would come and gave us the second amendment to defend america       .
lol trump s fault i guess he twited their arms new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol .
 govmlg it should go without saying that regular citizens have no authority to arrest or detain anyone       ummm  ye .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives   .
are you kidding me  this militia group should be locked up     foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives .
  videos appear to   show   armed   militia   detaining migrants   at   us    mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  via  rightrelevance thanks  guardiannews.
 if these people follow our verbal commands  we hold them until border patrol comesborder patrol has never asked u .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives        love this  patriots helping border p .
border patrol has never asked us to stand down       america isnt creeping towards fascism  its already here  .
 btsxelpaso  susyfelixispink  bts twt you probably already noticed but based on the contact info  it s a radio stat .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
brought to you by the feckless congress       foxnews.
mother of all caravans heading to southern border   organize militias to head them off and send them back   .
wow that s actually pretty amazing put some badges on those guys       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
 if u your peers in congress don t do your job to defend our borders  laws  security   amp  call .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
 michelle4nm    since you won t do your ob and follow the law it is incumbent upon law abiding citizens  using their .
i hire staff on a probationary basis with explicit benchmarks to successfully complete probation  congress has not .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report    veteransbeforeillegals      .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         illega .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show an armed  pro trump militia detaining migrants at the us mexico border .
love these guys keep it up    foxnews.
trump has created an environment in which right wing vigilante groups feel emboldened to point weapons at terrified .
this is the result of our government not doing their job       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until bo .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report          aclu .
maybe we should have bus stops on the border in nm and give each illegal immigrant  100 and drop them off a block f .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         hey gr .
new mexico  militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  and again  the  democrats continue th .
someone has to  we the people have every right to defend our country  it is now obvious that democrats will not  we .
this militia activity to help ice will only increase until trump gets the  buildthewall completed   to immigrants  .
do citizens have to recognize un human rights asylum law  when protecting border of their sovereign nation since th .
remember the lefty debated in 2016 whether trump would actually make things worse   arunindy argued there d be para .
.
more than 300 illegal immigrants surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cops   after .
 new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report        this is exactly what we n .
how dare the people take the law into their own hands       also  why does fox news neglect to mention the governor e .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         good f .
minute men alive and well      .
 samwisemd this happened too  what are citizens supposed to do when their gov fails them       .
meanwhile in new mexico    regular citizens have no authority at the border but they are taking the law into their .
congress can fix this        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  fox .
new mexico  unauthorized right wing militia group detaining migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         sounds .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         this i .
shame on the governor of new mexico  michelle lujan grisham   if she did her job and protected the border private c .
alarming news  a right wing militia group is holding migrant familes at gunpoint before handing them over to border .
what s unacceptable is the fact that democrats in congress sit on their lazy asses collecting a paycheck while doin .
if the united states congress did its job  instead of this nonsensical continuation of the russia investigation  ci .
can we get a  iamjohnoliver  lastweektonight piece about border militias  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report via the  foxnews app .
we are on a teetering point folks  unless the halls of justice equalize and patriots get some sugar soon  there may .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
give them all medals and put them on payroll  you fool       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until bord .
.
      what does the constitution say about this     art i  sec 8    to provide for calling forth the .
glad they are there  .
don t say i haven t been warning you that stuff like this was going to happen       .
factual errors in the article       1  people illegally entering the us are not asylum seekers       2  every citizen does .
since congress and governors wont do anything to strengthen borders to protect citizens  we need to protect oursel .
wow   stay vigilant out there .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
they deserve a medal  our government refuses to protect us  so the job falls on the people  someone is going to hur .
suburban dads going to the border to play fascism is a sign of a healthy country   .
sooner or later us civilian patriots will start repelling these invaders because our govt is tangled up with laws t .
good for u c p least they are helping border agents  we need to do something  amp  stop illegals penetrating the usa  p .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         well t .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  good for u c p t .
this is more of what we need .
if the government isnt doing its job  the people will       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until bor .
the failure of the government to do it s job leads to this    .
      .
these vigilantes should be in jail  impersonating an officer  kidnapping  false imprisonment    .
new mexico needs a new governor   give the gop a try    .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
when did illegal aliens become asylum seeking migrants  better to call them prospective democrat voters  .
mira  ana bunker  la aclu ya est en ello  new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report s .
patriotic citizen new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  leftist illegal alie .
nm governor grisham is only partly correct in her statement  any citizen can arrest anyone they witness comit a cri .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         love it.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         fantas .
out on patrol with heavily armed civilian vigilantes on arizona s border with mexico .
new mexico governor never heard of a  citizen s arrest    these citizens are within their rights  imo  and the gove .
after months apart  a handful of separated families tearfully reunite at u s  mexico border  .
 realdonaldtrump has caused chaos  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
makes no sense why they can t detain illegals doing something illegal          new mexico militia detains migrants at g .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
good for them  if the government cant or wont do it  the citizens will and should       .
so it comes to this cuz the  obstructionists  radicalleft won t work in a bi partisan manner to secure the border f .
so what s the bottom line   fucking politicians are not going to solve this   however  the people can   we just hav .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         give t .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 .
reminder  seeking asylum is legal  amed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 paypal a domestic terrorist organization called the united constitutional patriots is using paypal to raise money  .
border militia groups get outsize news coverage for their numbers               the border for them .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
good for the united constitutional patriots  at least someone is helping the border agents  someone needs to do som .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
just another group getting ready for the  boogaloo      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border pa .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
american heros    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
if the government won t defend our borders   the people  will  .
the messaging about the border is bringing us midwesterners who have about as much knowledge of our states as high .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         i thin .
god bless them       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         they a .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
do you american hating dems get the message       we don t want any more illegals in our country        .
right wing militia     how about desperate citizens taking matters into their own hands        .
if  thedemocrats wont secure the border we will  new mexico militia detains migrants  im headed to the border        .
       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
interesting how blue states are finally waking up to the border crisis  wasn t this all an  imaginary crisis  made .
the left has taken fox    foxnews.
 govmlg you created and empowered this group  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
this is what happens when government fails at their job  the people get tired of getting pushed around        new mexic .
this is a great proposal by  matthewblongo to alleviate the us mexico border crisis with the creation of a new lega .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
we the people  since government does nothing   calling all patriots for duty new mexico militia detain .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         the pe .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   then do your job governor  and .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
what gives them the right     new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn .
there you go  these militia love us  until democrats are hard to get on their shoes  more militia like will rise    .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
and this is what happens when government can t refuses to do its job       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpo .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
a right wing militia group in new mexico has begun stopping migrant families and detaining them at gunpoint before .
two ms 13 gang members caught re entering the united states  illegally in  arizona  u s  customs and .
if the govt won t address the causes of the problem it s up to citizens to protect themselves and the rest of us  .
there is a pact between gov and the people that the laws be just and fairly enforced  if gov fails its duty  then a .
 asianj86 amazing timing       fox news article describing citizens doing their patriotic duty  the very thing the 2nd .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico governor wont help protect our country or the citizens of the state  these citizens took it on themselv .
a chain of racist events leads to flaring tempers and murder within one day in a boggy stretch of the us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  btw 100  legal to citizens arrest a il .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
its official   there is a crisis at the border   .
since the government isn t protecting it s  legal  citizens  we must protect ourselves and our communities  .
as long as these groups follow correct rule of engagement ive no problem with it  they still have the right to pro .
we need more militias along the border     news    new mexico gov rips civilian militia for detaining 200 migrants at g .
there is such a thing as citizens arrest    just who does the gov represent    his own citizens have to enforce their c .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
in the video  the migrants sitting on the ground said they came from guatemala  benvie mirrored trumps anti immigr .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
aren t we allowed to make a  citizens arrest  for a felony   and   doesn t the ins consider crossing the border an .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news   these guys in the .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
fox news is falsely reporting the armed group are a new mexico militia     .
  trump please help our border states  .
benvie filmed himself stopping a group of four adults and three children and said border patrol to them as he ap .
this has been happening for years  but now fake news blames potus    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
border patrol has never asked us to stand down   .
don t fix the issue  i m predicting it is going to get far worse       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint .
.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
good job   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 marklevinshow when the government becomes lawless  the public must enforce the laws that represent them     .
is a civil war heading our way     new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  rep .
 dbongino when the government becomes lawless  the public must enforce the laws that represent them     .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         good f .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report       when t .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn .
 realdonaldtrump when the government becomes lawless  the public must enforce the laws that represent them     .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
.
nice      good for them        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
remember the  2ndamendment  well  here is it in action in  newmexico regarding the  bordercrisis    a well regulated .
good for them  average americans making a difference on the border      .
can this be legal       videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
as expected   govmlg has embarrassed herself  amp  state again     new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until .
i have a question so what i have heard all my life is that you can make a citizens arrest that it s  fakenews inqui .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
 were just here to support the border patrol and show the public the reality of the border  said mr  benvie  43  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
there are fascist militias of former military and law enforcement from across the country kidnapping asylum seekers .
this is the  housedemocrats and  senate democrats fault       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until bo .
where do u sign up  see this is a product of dc not doing anything to address this crisis  if the govt wpnt act you .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         hey  citizens arrest.
 armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         i cert .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   its about time  good job    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
this is great                   american vigilantes helping to protect our border   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
where do i sign up    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 militias have recently stepped up their activities in new mexico and other states as the authorities scramble to r .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  governor says this is unaccept .
i m sorry  govmlg but american citizens absolutely have the right to detain illegals crossing the border until law .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
i would guess the ppl detained weren t seeking asylum until they were caught  i do applaud these guys taking action .
what the heck       first arizona  now new mexico having to declare a state of emergency on the border       .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         o.
200  great job civilian militia  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  rep .
if you want things done right  do it yourself  americans get things done  which makes liberals truly un american  .
so nice that patriots are stepping up to the plate  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border pa .
that governor should eat a dick      .
right wing terrorists   .
they re not migrants when they enter this way  they re illegal immigrants  illegally crossing into the u s  wake up .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
governor u need 2 do some law research before u speak 2 the public a citizen absolutely has the right 2 detain unti .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
its ludicrous to blame  realdonaldtrump for militia groups that have been operating on the swb since 1998  too .
cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
isnt this exactly what the 2nd  ad provided for  if government cannot protect its people and sovereignty then civi .
the trudeau government wants the united states to help tighten enforcement on canadas southern border  just as th .
americans doing the job our congress wont       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol ar .
new mexico governor knows this is a crisis  amp  pulled national guard   democrats are evil   it is that simple   no mo .
outstanding     ew mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border       the american civil liberties union is .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
 a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
this headline doesn t communicate how nuts this is  right wing civilian militias with no government mandate are kid .
idk  i m torn between someone stepping up because govt won t  amp  civilians taking matters into their own hands  amp  some .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report       this i .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
armed far right militias are being unleashed to kidnap threaten immigrants and refugees    videos appear to show arme .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
because  dems won t help  these tax payers are  left or right wing  this is what nm  gets  amp  needs  were the n m  gu .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
so    that s what happens when you break the law  in any country  when you re breaking their  immigrationlaws that  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
the terrorist group  united constitutional patriots  is detaining immigrants at the border  militia groups have bee .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
wow      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
wonderful job  it is appreciated   all citizens that can should do the same thing        new mexico militia detains mig .
constitutionally it is our right to defend ourselves if our govt won t  message  man up new mexico     do your job as .
dems stop your game playing and help solve this problem  potus send illegals to sanctuary cities to provide relief .
  realdonaldtrump new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
democrat governor is part of the failed democrats efforts to hurt  america and undermine our economic opportunity  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news great   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 aclu    got a lot if nerve to call someone vile   your organization is at the bottom of scum total pole       aclu .
the governor of new mexico  amp  the aclu have just confirmed that they are supportive of nonexistent rights of illegal .
somebody has to do it   congress sure won t   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arr .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         then  .
i guess the governor doesnt know about citizens arrest         new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until .
i say there is nothing wrong with american patriots forming militias to keep our country safe from illegals immigra .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
why  the militia was doing what this liberal  no good governor was not doing  supporting the stopping of an illegal .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         americ .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         this i .
maybe that is what is needed  if it was on private property  sounds good to me  i sure as hell would protect my fam .
american militia freedom forces troops of the second amendment law operating under article i section 8 clause 15 of .
american patriots friends  newmexico  militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 govmlg cant rip a group for doing something you wouldn t do  you pulled the national guard off the border        new m .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
this is because congress fails to protect our border  activist judges slow pres trumps efforts  our laws incentiviz .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 timcast citizen s arrest    .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report    nmstatepolice  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
if government won t stop the masses of illegal immigrants pouring into our country   the citizens will       new mexico .
america in action       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 govmlg this will only grow as the country fails america in securing our border          buildthewall      new mexico milit .
americans doing what their sorry ass government is supposed to be doing  time to march to dc and clean out the swam .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         looks .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico gov rips civilian militia for detaining 200 migrants at gunpoint near border via the  foxnews app .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 patriots   newmexico militia detains illegal  migrants at gunpoint until  borderpatrol arrives  groups that are ab .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
videos appear to show armed militia thugs detaining migrants at us mexico border .
taking our country back      love these patriots that refused to let these illegal immigrants sneak into our country .
new mexico militia group is detaining migrants at the border  report says   cnn .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 patriotheros       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
what a minute   i thought in the constitution americans have the right to form a militia  illegals are essentially .
 govmlg what are you doing about the racist militias kidnapping people at gunpoint at the border  they livestream t .
this is awesome   we need to take our country back and stop pathetic liberal politicians control us     new mexico .
 senschumer how s the open border policy that you democrats are pimping going for you  chuckie       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  people who have .
dont like it keep them home      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
this is how america came to be america  applaud these men for what they do  that you wont do or you find horrible  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news  smartnews  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us immigration   the guardian .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         these .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
patriotic americans protect the sovereignty of their own country and  foxnews publishes a hit piece on them to incl .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report    foxnews .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 realdonaldtrump  vp    the  people  have a  right  to  form a milita  at the borders   let them exercise their right .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 govmlg  nmcounties33 what are you doing about the racist militias kidnapping people at gunpoint at the border  the .
reading this and thinking about how much white privilege it takes to round up all your friends and all your guns th .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         this i .
the shame is due to inaction by  speakerpelosi this group is needed  new mexico militia detains migrants at .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  in recent years  .
if the government won t do anything  americans have every right to protect our borders  amp  family       new mexico militi .
heavily armed groups arresting migrants in new mexico  border patrol has never asked us to stand down  hard to .
wtf    videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexicos governor was upset  militia had stopped 200 illegal aliens  held until border patrol arrived  what are .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         many m .
this is what happens when  congress chases shadows to unseat a duly elected president   jerrynadler  adamschiff   a .
hey gov  michelle lujan grisham do your fu king job  protect americans from this invasion   americans have the righ .
i m not a fan of vigilante actions   but that said i can understand this    the democratic govenor is doing all she .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         good  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
why must the article describe them as a right wing militia  arent they just americans concerned with the safety .
is it ethical to break an unjust law  especially if abiding by it could result in the loss of human life       love thi .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  those militias have zero of authority a .
 govmlg this is what happens when our government fails to do their job to protect its citizens     .
after months apart  a handful of separated families tearfully reunite at u s  mexico border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
it is not  completely unacceptable   michelle4nm   it is a citizens  detainment arrest of active criminals until th .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants new mexico governor  michelle lujan grisham said  completely unacceptable   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
this is just a start  the american people are sick of the government not recognizing our laws        new mexico militia .
trump sends mixed signals on migrant crisis at us mexico border .
linkages among climate change  crop yields and mexicous cross border migration       research by feng  the late .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         we wil .
this is fucking problem with militias  they are for tyranny of govt not to be john fucking wayne       new mexico milit .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico gov rips civilian militia for detaining 200 migrants at gunpoint near border       of course they re mad  in .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
armed people detaining migrants crossing the border seeking asylum spokestool    border patrol has never asked us to .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
did they do anything illegal   were they within their rights       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint unti .
 govmlg michelle lujan grisham  said in a statement to the new york times  adding that it is completely unacceptab .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 michelle4nm the citizens of new mexico have every right to do this   you were elected to represent them and failed .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
when the government stops protecting its people  those people will rise up and protect themselves michelle lujan gr .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
i can hear gomer pyle right now yelling citizens arrest   citizens arrest   new mexico militia detains migrants at .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         new me .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  works for me   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump .
well if you would have been doing your job     illegalalien  illegalimmigrants             explore t .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         lets hear it for the people  .
whats unacceptable is the influx of illegal immigrants into our country   new mexico militia detains migrants at g .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
screw the nm gov  i applaud the militia    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrive .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
    regular citizens have no authority to arrest or detain anyone       really   i have a lawyer who adamantly disagr .
new mexico militia detains migrants gunpointborder patrol arrives        so what is  america     g .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
please read  this is important  trump supporters at work  horrible   sickening    videos appear to show armed militia .
 housejudiciary  repescobar  repjerrynadler in the meantime on the border       you incompetent person is more worried .
from flint to the us mexico border   j no24 and  demario  davis are continuing to help people that need it the most .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  wearefriendsfoundation .
if the democrats will not allow our president to protect us from this invasion of illegal immigrants than we must d .
.
this is unacceptable     videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  so now anyone c .
 cnni ag  ericholder pleaded the 5th hundreds of times when asked about guns he sent to mexico that killed us border patrol members .
when your government stops protecting you the people will rise up and protect themselves michelle lujan grisham .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  good news  as so .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report       michelle4nm this is what ha .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
if the governemtn can t do the job  then citizens must fill the gap    .
an armed right wing militia group in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families at gunpoint before ha .
you see  if congress won t fix immigration  we the people will        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint u .
in the american way an armed citizens militia group operating along the u s  mexico border posted several videos to .
wow  if this doesnt speak volumes about whats going on at our southern border  then i dont know that does       .
if it makes the progressive liberal democrats have conniption fits  it must be right  new mexico militia detains mi .
i call bs  the right wing  but illegals are asylum seeking migrants   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoi .
these people are fascists  they re the american equivalent of the sa  their vigilante border patrolling doesn t kee .
way to go    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
there are armed fascist gangs roaming the southern border  claiming to be  border patrol  and illegally detaining m .
new mexico gov rips civilian militia for detaining 200 migrants at gunpoint near border   .
american patriots stepping up to do the tough work pussy hat wearing libtards can t do       new mexico militia detains .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
i say good for them  they are doing what our government is clearly not  protecting our country       .
congrats  newmexico  you re officially part of  mexico according to your governor       new mexico militia detains migr .
.
 foxnews .
good  it should never have to come to this  amp  it lies at the feet of democrats  .
this is another reason we have the 2nd amendment  so patriots can come tp the defense of the nation       new mexico mi .
citizens have had enough  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
so many things wrong about this        videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
mexican gov is the prob  not the people        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arri .
most  viral news now  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            this .
 ajstream us militias detaining asylum seekers at the us mexico border      immigrationreform  militia  constitution .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
 qanon  wwg1wga  qarmy   a well regulated militia  being necessary to the security of a free state  the right of the .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
why aren t these  militia  members in jail    .
great job patriots       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
the  d  gov of nm and the  atheists and criminal liberties union  are wrong remaining on the losing side of the arg .
every ambled man  amp  women should join this group  no matter what the politicians say we have a right to protect ours .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
    why do they refer to the militia as  right wing   a militia is 100  the desired military f .
this is what eventually happens when congress refuses to do their job  people take matters into their own hands  pe .
us  mexico border activities can make this man understand how it works  you still don t call usa a rogue state thou .
 speakerpelosi  senschumer do you understand that through your inaction  civil war has begun  cc   realdonaldtrump      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
michelle lujan grisham is wrong  we american citizens have the right to defend ourselves and our neighbors if we ha .
if the govt is not doing its job  than citizens will  .
after months apart  a handful of separated families tearfully reunite at u s  mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         rock  amp  roll.
more of this will happen if laws are not changed and the border enforcement is not tightened up  .
is asylum seekers the new name for migrants which was the new name for illegal aliens         new mexico militia detain .
why is this allowed   no balls    its gotta stop where is law enforcement    white trash in a trailer   wtf   videos ap .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
congress needs to do its duty and fund full boarder security    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint unt .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  aclu isnt sneaki .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            good .
an armed rightwing militia detained several hundred migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with  cbp agen .
these folks are patriots  new mexico governor is a joke    foxnews.
 septemberdresan  mikeparks75  urocklive1  skylw61974  realdonaldtrump he s arguing in favor of shit conditions for .
what a great group of americans  if the dems don t want to enforce our laws  we will  this is our country and we wi .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  this is a really .
nm governor actually said  it is completely unacceptablethat migrants be menaced or threatened upon entering t .
if congress would do its job there wouldn t be a militia at the border  period      new mexico militia detains migran .
citizens filling in the gaps  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
right wing militia group in new mexico has begun stopping migrant families at gunpoint before handing them over to .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  if the governmen .
citizens arrests  new mexico private anti crime militia detains migrants at gunpoint til border patrol arrives      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
if the government won t protect our borders    we will   thoughts and prayers to keep these guys safe       .
the governor of new mexico says that it should go without saying that ordinary citizens cannot stop and detain    y .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
shut the hell up  you are not stopping them       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patr .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants      gov grisham removed ng from the border ahead .
about time     new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia  non state actors  detaining migrants at us mexico border  the american civil l .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         whats .
when your government wont protect your country   the citizens have to  this is what our founding fathers set in pl .
yes  govmlg  they do have a right  if you won t protect new mexico  the citizens must       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
if your country is under attack   invasion  do you have the rights to defend her    new mexico militia detains migran .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
cellist yo yo ma gave a performance at the u s  mexico border to deliver a unifying message .
border patrol is releasing these people and congress has not done anything so what do you expect   people are fed u .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         patriots rise up    .
bravo  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
grisham is a nut job  doesnt believe theres a crisis and pulled nm guard from the border  high tax grisham  new m .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
whether farmers with muskets or every day citizens with more modern weapons  we still reserve the right to protect .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 michelle4nm   in america there are no regular citizens  just citizens  with the right and dare i say   the obligat .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
armed right wing gang members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with u s  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
interesting article  im glad to see people working to protect our country  and seeking asylum can be done without .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
exactly why isn t nm governor deploying his resources to stop illegals from entering his state     and as has been .
this is a frightening development on the border  militias  seriously  pointing gins at families  we are not living .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            good .
 govmlg michelle lujan grisham and  nmdems are totally irresponsible on new mexico border crisis  gov grisham shoul .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
it s against the law to cross the border illegally this is how it should be from now on  new mexico militia detains .
 michelle4nm  govmlg if someone is committing a felony u sure can  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpo .
always interesting how do nothings lash out when someone has to do their job  new mexico militia detains migrants a .
stop what you are doing and read this  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 realdonaldtrump  vp  kellyannepolls  govmikehuckabee  ingrahamangle  marklevinshow  realjameswoods  foxnews .
awesome work  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
1st sentence   right wing militia group  thats a clickbait headline  just say  group of armed concerned citizen .
every one of them should be arrested for false imprisonment on a count for each immigrant detained  the immigrants .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives if nm governor doesnt want militia on .
the citizens of this country have every right to protect our country when the federal government refuses to do so  .
i think they are just out there exercising their constitutional right    .
good work patroits  soon congress may have to be removed for obstruction    new mexico militia detains migrants at gu .
elected officials represent americans  do your job  no different than detaining a burglar in your home until police .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
i support citizen militias  how about you  .
way to go us militia  thank you for protecting our borders     new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until .
when select people are exempt from laws  this happens      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until bord .
the nm governor is an idiot       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
just to be clear these guys are studs and should be rewarded      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint u .
 armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 govmlg    wrong commie    a well regulated militia  being necessary to the security of a free state  the right of the .
just to be clear these guys are studs and should be rewarded       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  yet  its legal        .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
if the government can t or won t do it  the people will           foxnews.
this is what every american should be doing        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol .
true patriots    maga   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives         .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
mt awesome  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
  armed right wing militias are holding migrants hostage at the border  before calling the even more heavily milita .
patriots under attack by leftist new mexico governor       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
troubling developments along the  new mexico mexico border   via  nytimes  borders  immigration.
 potus   catturd2  qtanon1  since congress wont do their jobs  this is where we are headed  folks have had enough   .
armed right wing militias are holding migrants hostage at the border  before calling the even more heavily militari .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         gov of .
 a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report       .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
taking matters into our own hands  because dems are idiots      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint unt .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
the government s first and foremost job  is to ensure this safety of its citizens  when a government fails to do so .
thank you to the  unitedconstitutionalpatriots militia for fighting to keep our country safe  god bless you  .
the border patrol coordinating with these militias tells you everything you need to know about them   a right wing .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
militia working to keep americans safe    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arriv .
 govmlg please remember that there is a thing called citizens arrest for a reason  law enforcement cannot be ev .
aclu said in a statement that the trump administrations vile racism emboldened these groups       such bullshit from .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         200 th .
can someone explain to me what the problem is here   illegal immigrants were being held until border patrol got the .
government  is not protecting us     how can we assemble more militia  .
lets add breakdown in the social order of the us to the list of crises at the border   specialreport      new mexico .
sounds like heros to me       gave them a badge of honor     new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
good move by militia     new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         great .
new mexico governor       pulls national guard off border      new mexico senators    repeatedly states there is no emergency .
nm citizens dont have the right to protect themselves  the public needs more info on this situation    new mexico mi .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
after months apart  some separated families tearfully reunite at border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         this i .
nm gov says its illegal to for civilians to arrest detain someone breaking the law  if thief comes to his house  w .
.
thank you to all             new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      drastic times call for drastic .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   bordercrisis    notmanufactured .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         just a .
new mexico militia detains   illegalimmigrants until  cbp   arrives    kudos to  unitedstatesconstitutionalists         .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
  lyingliberal  govmlg facilitating the invasion for votes  ty  potus 4 protecting  against  socialistdems.
armed militia catch asylum seekers after they cross us border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         outsta .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      hell yeah good job guys   .
if the governor of new mexico will not uphold the oath she swore by to protect the  citizens  then the citizens wil .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico state code  31 4 14  arrest without a warrant   1937      the arrest of a person may be lawfully made also .
bravo  .
when we the people get tired of the government not doing their job to protect us       new mexico militia detains migra .
great job   the nm democrat governor is a fool  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives        .
the right wing extremists are a security threat  right wing militias arresting better yet kidnapping immigrants a .
if the gov  will not do the job  we will  small taste of what is out here  we are ready  new mexico militia detains .
what do we need government for if we have to do their job anyway        .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 foxnews this is completely acceptable   our government must act now     the new mexicos gov is absurd   mexico mil .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  if true  there needs to be a criminal i .
thank you  i absolutely support this  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  .
to the members of  unitedconstitutionalpatriots   thank you   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until b .
it s called a  citizens arrest   governor       god bless these patriots        wwg1wga    maga      new mexico militia detains m .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   govmlg wants  illegalaliens.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report via the  foxnews app when  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
wow what a great job these citizens did   keep america safe    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint unti .
if congress doesn t do its job  the citizens will rise up and do it for themselves   hope this happens often     new .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         its about time.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
democrats don t care about real american citizens being protected so it appears citizens  not illegals  will do thi .
our crooked democrats wont do something about the immigrants im glad the right is           new mexico militia de .
new mexico govenor has to go     armed us citizen militia stops illegals     the 2nd gives us the right      a well regul .
we need more of this           from fox news   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arri .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
not unacceptable in my book      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
how many more border states       from fox news   new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants .
good idea yes    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
when elected representatives refuse to protect citizens this is what happens   that there were 200 illegals in this .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
a well regulated militia  being necessary to the security of a free state  the right of the people to keep and bear .
way to go  militia        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
that great american liberal gomer pyle taught us that of course we can make  citizens arrests    and surely anyone .
 govmlg       actually under the constitution they do have a right to form a militia to protect against any foreign thr .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
people who have left water for border crossers have been criminally prosecuted  but our government allows vigilante .
it s about freaking time       and ignore what the governor says  citizens are allowed to make arrests when they catch .
.
more than 300  asylum seekers surrender to armed  militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cops   after c .
what happens when governments are impotent     foxnews.
it s going to get worse   videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
remember this america  we fought for our freedom against tyranny  many times  ilegal aliens sent by our enemies is .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 govmlg when the government fails to protect its citizens who is left to protect america but americans       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 members of his group were told not to point their weapons at any of the migrants   armed american militias are ill .
at least someone is doing something      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrive .
i disagree with the governor  a citizen does have the right to detain a person caught in the commission of a crime .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
maybe  just maybe  citizens are tiring of the delays in protecting our border   while dems sit safely elsewhere the .
from fox news   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report new mexico mili .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives        .
drones helping illegal aliens  cartes or coyotes     realdonaldtrump shut the border down  force mexico to stop letti .
history repeating itself is sometimes more effective       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border .
u n  human rights  war crime against the humanity has been committed by trump s administration  videos appear to sh .
i foresee more of this happening  if the government refuses to address a crisis then patriots will take on the mant .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
united constitutional patriots are awesome patriots we need more of these people at the border     deportillegals .
if i lived close to the border  i would help them  the militia  not illegal immigrants        new mexico militia detain .
this is a surprise  when the government is not doing their job  dim socialist  amp  fake news propaganda machine    new .
i d like to see a whole lot more of this   if government won t protect the borders  private citizens must    .
i believe american citizens are fed up    they want a secured border        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunp .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews damn skippy.
yes   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
apparently  illegal aliens have more rights than law abiding citizens do in the state of mew mexico   walter white .
why does it take civilians to stop illegals    odd the article does not say at least now they are in custody and no .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
very easy fix for this problem  judges need to follow the law  and congress need to do border control and stop the .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining  migrants at us mexico border   newmexico.
6  soldiers casting lots for jesus  clothes are replaced by cbp agents who have dumped thousands of gallons of wate .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         should .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         fuck y .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report       .
when the government fails  amp  citizens step up   its a bad thing  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint unt .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us immigration   the guardian .
.
it was only a matter of time before the people start doing the job government refuses to do  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         their .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border   642 bodies are but a fraction of the bo .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
 govmlg this is on you   maybe if you took care of our border  ordinary citizens would not need to   new mexico mil .
.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border  amp  had them arrested  acc .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            will .
members of the united constitutional patriots have detained asylum  seekers at the  border at gun point    which is .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  if the us government will not defend o .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report          .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
 uscongress  maddow    washingtonpost    cnn  arimelber  speakerpelosi  repadamschiff   when trump as for volunteers to p .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
if the border before this problem became a normal solution   the american citizen are getting tired of their govern .
super    more like this please        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  repo .
armed american right wing militia members are detaining migrants at the us mexico border in actions the aclu called .
aclu is full of crap  likewise if governors refuse to enforce laws to protect their own citizenry  then the people .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
hey gov  wake up  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian   samtlevin .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         gov  m .
the dems need to know the law before they start claiming that fed up american s are violating it                we ha .
 videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the american civ .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
send the nmng to the border  stop supporting illegal alliens entering our country   realdonaldtrump shut the border .
 govmlg this is what happens when our government does not enforce our laws  we the people must do it for you   new me .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         if our .
then shot them as they cross democrats crisis solved  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border .
we the people can take care of ourselves           new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border pat .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            these .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
 armed vigilantes illegally detaining migrants on us border after being emboldened by trump  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         usa usa usa.
if this was the norm rather than the exception  we would not have a  border crisis       .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
bravo        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains immigrants at gunpoint until  borderpatrol arrives        us patriots fill the vacuum which .
take note so called leaders  do your job  protect our borders or we will       new mexico militia detains migrants at g .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         bho ad .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 govmlg  citizens do have the right to arrest and detain  it s called  citizens arrest   mexico militia detains mig .
about time  new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report    good on them  someone needs .
we need more of this  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         i wond .
the sad thing here is citizens being forced to act because the  democrats refuse  buildthewall       new mexico militia .
.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report        .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   vigilantes breaking the law  amp  no one d .
at least someone is doing something about it       imtheboss      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until b .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  i am grateful fo .
after months apart  some separated families tearfully reunite at border .
we need to know whether border patrol is coordinating in any way that might encourage these larping chickenhawks  o .
new mexico has a real problem  their governor refuses to send help to the border  evidently feuding with potus is m .
every able bodied american man and woman should form a militia and go to our southern border and stop this madness  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
and the patriots take charge over the useless politicians       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint unt .
interesting    .
finally  citizens do what the govt wont  this will spread to other areas of liberal rot  antifa  violent lib prot .
hell yeah  this is one of the reasons we have well regulated militia s   new mexico militia detains migrants at gun .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news  2a  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  thank y .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
they are illegals breaking the law  what is unacceptable is a dem leftist governor not doing her fucking job and st .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         new me .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border     denouncehate .
 michelle4nm    amp  other propagandists  conveniently  leave out the word illegal  aliens       if you tards won t protect o .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
thank you to the new mexico civilian militia f doing what the dems won t   protecting the us against illegals break .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report            when .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border and coordinated with us border patrol ag .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
in other news this busy news week  armed right wing terrorists are illegally holding migrants at gunpoint  and bord .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
.
if the democrats won t secure our border  then america will       .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
the dems want to play games     and this is how it goes    new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border .
militia detains 300 caught illegally entering us       despite msm claims there is no evidence they intended to seek as .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
americans have an absolute right to defend ourselves by defending our border  even at gunpoint  with mexico       .
 and the point is       videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
adios  get  em outta here   .
mexico getting tougher on migrants as thousands wait for visas in chiapas  it s about time  .
crime   hardly   american citizens routinely detain people caught committing crimes to hand over to police authorit .
the aclu is more interested in protecting illegal aliens than protecting america    videos appear to show armed mil .
 a well regulated militia  being necessary to the security of a free state  the right of the people to keep and bea .
a right wing militia group in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them at gunpoi .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed right wing militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
amen brave people  if our immigration and law enforcement officers dont want to handle it  you do it       new mexi .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the aclu opinio .
new mexico  militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
breaking news and information with a strong bias for telling the truth  censored news and analysis that you won t f .
thank you  whatever it takes to prevent this scourge is welcome   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  big thanks to the militia memb .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    not migrant s    criminal s  .
some people get it right  militia are legal and assisting federal agents is also legally allowed  we need more mili .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
militia in new mexico stopping immigrants crossing border  turning them over to border patrol .
but targeting the recent influx of families  who are legally allowed to request asylum and often quickly surrender .
 francismmaxwell  tyt  hasanthehun    the minute i heard militia was at the border  i knew this would be the result  .
after months apart  some separated families tearfully reunite at border  the honduran cattle herder rubbed his hand .
ubelievable  vigilante group is capturing mexican families seeking asylum at gunpoint and turning them over to bord .
 trumpeffect  question  how many have disappeared by the militias blood soaked handsvideos appear to show armed m .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  atta boy proud americans stand tal .
an armed citizens militia has begun confronting migrants on the southern border  this week  the group detained abou .
tiny dick  insecure man children pretending at being military w o joining  making themselves feel good by going aft .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  i just sold the .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
more americans need to grab the bull by the horns like these patriots   god bless them and god bless america         ne .
 give me your tired  your poor your huddled mass yearning to breathe free  and i ll dress up in cammo  scream at th .
so let me understand this   the american civil liberties union has a problem with non american illegally entered pe .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
meanwhile  kidnapping is legal in the wild fricken west or something  videos appear to show armed militia detaining .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report y danielle wallace   fox news .
we need more armed militia at the border to put a stop to this  illegalimmigrant problem   .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  violation of what law.
videos appear to show armed rw militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  the american civil liberties union c .
armed vigilantes illegally detaining migrants on us border after being emboldened by trump  human rights group says .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         way to go patriots   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
americas newset heros   united constitutional patriots  doing a great selfless job of helping ensure national secur .
i disavow this america  i want no part of it    videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico b .
god bless these guys  this is what its come to bc  teampelosi wont get that giant stick out her ass      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news  we dont have a fuc .
nm politics at  boiling point  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report       glad to see someone tanking t .
outstanding    the american people want immigration conttol at the border      enough of dems not wanting to move o .
these fascists need to be disarmed and imprisoned   armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
brown shirts at the border  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
congress do your job             new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  repor .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   via the guardian .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
if congress would do protect americans and do their job this would not happen    foxnews .
as if the border issue isn t messy and complicated enough already          militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers .
these groups  yes  there are several  have been doing this for years  american patriots who are tired of the mess a .
good guys doing the job our congress should be doing    .
we made it to mexico and back today  felt adventurous in this climate   a walk across the us border  rowed  the int .
these are not militia groups  they are fanatical vigilante gangs terrorizing people  including children  at gunpo .
they re not  migrants    foxnews  they re illegal aliens attempting to break our laws by breaking into our country  .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans and ex cops  af .
this  govmlg is an ignorant person  amp  embarrassment  regular people do have authority to detain in certain situat .
wtaf  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 god bless these men  amp  women who keep their state safe when their own  liberal governor  govmlg won t   potus.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 cages   videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
it irks me to see congress spending time  amp  resources on chasing trump about old news when there is a real crisis go .
    approaching migrant families and children  ordering them to sit down  calling federal agents on them  and at o .
 the united constitutional patriots   a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico  has begun stopp .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 maga    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  no misrepresenta .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
hell yeah you go guys     keep it up we need more of you on the border       .
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detai .
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
the sheriff of brooks county  texas  said he was not all that surprised that some people   including the president .
 gadsaad  that is the sound of inevitability  mr anderson   .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the guardian  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
 if these people follow our verbal commands  we hold them until border patrol comes   a spokesman for the right win .
a right wing militia group in new mexico is stopping groups of migrants at gunpoint posting videos to social media .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 62 million in 1 hit  a tiny fraction of the  drugs that come across the border and kill 70 000 a year    and will .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
excellent  more than 300 illegal aliens surrender to armed militia of new mexico residents v .
the only  vile conduct  is by those criminals who want to illegally invade the us  anyone trying to stop them are u .
a militia called the united constitutional patriots detained a group of more than 200 migrants in the new mexico de .
american patriots doing the job our govt won t do    word to the aclu and the rest of dc  start doing your jobs  or .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    great move     keep these freaks the .
border patrol will arrest people escaping from u s  manufactured poverty  and even the people who leave water for t .
got to get it done    way to go    get off your butts democratic party mob thugs of hate for american people n coun .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
well it looks like weve found the criminals at the border who ought to be prosecuted   for impersonating authoriti .
considering iillegal immigrants have shot our border agents  if nation s borders are ever protected only by the lef .
new mexico county declares state of emergency over influx of migrants  report         please help .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
descending into trump lawlessness  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
and there is no crisis at the border       foxnews.
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families  amp  detain .
.
the left propaganda      videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
aclu clowns  blame anyone but the individual for their own actions  come here legally or stay home  walkaway from d .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
.
imagine a country where non state armed groups  amp  militias control the border  using government subsidized military .
president above the law and so are some of his supporters   .
some group of trump nazis called the united constitutional patriots or  some other unoriginal name detained migrant .
always with the word patriot in there somewhere  that word used to be something to be proud of  no more   border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  profoundly dangerous  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
pay attention  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    via  guardian.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         we the .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
so nm govs biggest concern here is that    migrants be menaced or threatened upon entering the u s thus ille .
this annoys me beyond belief  bunch of losers taking the law into their own hands    .
this is why we have a constitution   need more militia now       new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until .
just waiting for someone to be shot by trump s militia and someone charged with murder    foxnews.
here we see real criminals at the border  but they are from the us  not latin america  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
citizens protecting america where america s government won t       god bless these patriots         new mexico militia deta .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   fox news .
are armed american fascists and  whitenationalists kidnapping asylum seekers at the border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
this is what happens when congress refuses to do it s job    get to work and change our  immigration laws to eliminat .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border       this is what de .
just last week i noted that trump s rhetoric about the border was inviting vigilante action  now this    videos appea .
who s moronic enough to be surprised by this or opposed to it  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  get a good look at your future masters  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  fucking red neck .
this is great      new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint   a citizens militia known as the united constitutional patr .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
regardless of your view on citizens protecting the border  they are not migrants  they are illegals  the governor o .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border     the presidents .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    armed militia ha .
point  this is primarily what the  2nd ammendment is for       counter point   people should not take matters into thei .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexicoborder  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    i would guess .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
many  many are dying   president trump said last week on the border  miles away  at that very moment  a sheriff s .
apparently  the govenor of new mexico has never heard of a  citizen s arrest   how are these politicians so illiter .
vigilantes  why aren t they in washington  defending trump    the guardian  videos appear to show armed militia detai .
so  rightwing  armedmilitia are now doing the work that law enforcement will not do because of legality        this i .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report mt unsafe for both sides .
.
thank you patriots   new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
this is what dem immigration positions cause  secure the border now  sending the message that it s ok to illegally .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
only a matter of time before these very fine people get an explicit endorsement from the president       videos appea .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report    .
.
we need more of this from our citizens        new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arriv .
brown shirts   videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
  newsview  edspiller  erictrump  cnn  msnbc .
remind me again    didn t the  gov  of nm pull the nm national guard from the border because there  isn t a crisis  .
  newsview  edspiller  erictrump  cnn  msnbc just like a typical trump supporter  speaks without facts  cnn actuall .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
cool  so  we have brownshirts now  kidnapping asylum seekers        border patrol  who the gun toting kidnappers preten .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border       if the us bp ca .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   its called a citizens arrest dummy.
rights group condemns u s   vigilante  treatment of migrants on border  the american civil liberties union of new m .
migrants be menaced or threatened   she can t serious    these are captured criminal       foxnews.
      when acting to protect your country from invasion is considered  right wing  then leftists .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews  fox35.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
 new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report  via fox news .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   news .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         new me .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
american private militia taking border security into their own hands  is this ethical     amu1328monash   .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
give these imbeciles an inch now they ll take a metre next    videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrant .
this should be unbelievable  but it s tragically not     videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border       as ex military  .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report      .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report   foxnews.
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report .
please read and spread awareness about racist militias here in new mexico that have detained around 200 immigrants .
a right wing militia group operating in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
top story  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
what do they mean by  detained  .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint  by simon romero via nyt  a citize .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
this is the trump  barr   agenda  in double speak trump encourage  abuses of power and outrigt   abuses of  human r .
militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint   a citizens militia known as the united constitutional patr .
this is a crisis at the border        armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexi .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
videos appear to show armed right wing militia detaining migrants at us mexico border in the state of nm in flagran .
the cbp statement continued  border patrol welcomes assistance from the community and encourages anyone who witne .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the guardian  via  googlenews.
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
dlvr hls monthly apprehensions at the us mexico border highest since 2007  hls    votered .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
vull ser optimista  per cada dia que passa em costa ms    videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexicoborder  .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexicoborder  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
rt nytimes  a right wing militia group operating in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and de .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
rt nytimes  rt mannynyt  a south texas sheriff keeps a tally of the migrant dead  in thick binders  the grim work o .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border     imperialisminaction.
rt  nytimes  rt mannynyt  a south texas sheriff keeps a tally of the migrant dead  in thick binders  the grim work .
the sheriff of brooks county  texas  said he was not all that surprised that some people were unaware of what has b .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
reposting with emphasis .
 til vallhalla  montaga  wtpatty  bdwal359  tigerfanglacey  cjts7006 cause spain colonized cali didn t make it thei .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
rights group condemns u s   vigilante  treatment of migrants on border  the american civil liberties union of new m .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
this is biased propaganda for migrants videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border the trump administrations vile racism .
u s  military has recieved a request for troops at mexico border  topbuzz .
 misreadbible  elishabenabuya i live on the us mexico border  and can get kinder eggs there  oh my god they re sooo .
a right wing militia group operating in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining the .
rights group condemns u s   vigilantes   treatment of migrants on border  reuters    the american civil liberties u .
a right wing militia group operating in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them .
 trump s administrations vile racism has emboldened white nationalists  amp  fascists   really  get a grip   potus has .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
a right wing militia group operating in new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at  border   .
aclu new mexico condemns u s   vigilantes   treatment of migrants on border .
rights group condemns u s   vigilantes   treatment of migrants on border  the american civil liberties union of new .
so this is also happening   mexico  border militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint   the new york .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  hey sam  what it .
    misrepresenting themselves by saying border patrol as they approached    targethomestead  homesinstead  htt .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  good   democrats .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
im looking harder at the kids in cages dying from lack of interest and premeditated murder    .
this makes me fucking nauseous  forget the mueller report  there are people forming militias at our southern border  .
 tennessee daddy  stephcrass  elhoncho  thirdly  the majority of central amer countries  especially mexico  have hi .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  attempting to en .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 roflko  thamcsgo  pz csgo  falc00n  mark and larry carried several of my cocaine shipments across the border of me .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   get use to it  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
mexico signed un immigration pact  president tells mexicans we must protect the migrants  mexico is being invaded a .
this needs to be stopped  these people are out of control  no one died and left them in charge    videos appear to sh .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
the bullring by the sea in tijuana  60 m beyond the border between the united states of america and mexico  2010   .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
the books we have read are giving us good information about the u s  mexico border      hist416.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
armed rightwing militia the second amendment is the right to keep and bear arms by a well regulated militia and gi .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
what the actual phuck      videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
what is this  anyone know     .
thank goodness for armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
nearly 100 people turned over to border patrol after citizens caught them sneaking across       .
this is the heartbreaking reality of the southern border .
 charliebakerma  karinhousley  heidiheitkamp  bobhugin  govkristinoem  senatorcollins  mattcaldwell fl .
 braun4indiana  jaywebbernj  janicedean  deanheller  davidvitter     coreystewartva  johnkennedyla  hawleymo  send la .
 potus  wwe  govrondesantis  cindyhydesmith  senmcsallyaz   bradyfortexas  briankempga  senatemajldr  fox35news .
 realdonaldtrump  mickrich4senate  rebelpatriots     repmattgaetz  usawhiteagain  realjudgemoore     richardbspencer .
a citizens militia in southern new mexico has begun detaining migrant families who are seeking asylum  handing them .
cowardly   disgusting        videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 alarming  footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico bordernearly 100 people turned over to bor .
border patrol   legitimatizes   armed right wing   thugs and their   illegal imprisonment   of migrants at border      .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
keep up the good work    protect the border as your homes are next if this invasion isn t stopped      videos appear to .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 videos taken at the border in new mexico this week show armed vigilante militia approaching migrant families and c .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
meanwhile  in neo fascism news          videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  armed rightwing militia members detaine .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
hundreds of migrants have died on the private ranches in brooks county  texas  in recent years .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   long overdue pa .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    wtf is wrong wit .
hundreds of migrants have died on the private ranches in brooks county  texas  in recent years .
meanwhile  the new kkk  racist and armed vigilantes on the border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  fn awesome there .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  reporting from  samtlevin.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
there should be legal action against the militia  but in trump environment  will there be        videos appear to show .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  via  infowars .
when  the frontier  becomes  the border  and  race realism  ensures that the blood meridian is everywhere  videos a .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at us mexico border  amp  coordinated with us borde .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
trump supporters or militia  if you will  are posing as border patrol agents   this is insane   videos appear to sh .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 nevadajack2  1961sarahw  rashidatlaib you re supposed to protect your constituents  leaving us borders open  amp  hamp .
us bound honduran migrants make their way into mexico  via  mailonline.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
the guardian  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border          via  googlenews.
 arresttheunitedconstitutionalpatriots for kidnapping and false imprisonment  falsely assuming the identity of a fe .
the trump administrations vile racism has emboldened white nationalists and fascists to flagrantly violate the la .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at  border    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
if you want a deep look but dont have time to read one of the many good books written in recent years about the hu .
not a well regulated militia    vigilantes now patrol parts of the mexico us border       .
this is why we need stricter gun control laws      videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mex .
armed gangs now patrolling the us border  rounding up asylum seekers  so much for the right s concern for law and o .
this is appalling  an administration which supports and encourages this thuggery needs to be removed    videos appear .
a militia group operating in southern  newmexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining them a .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at  border    ok  this is an unlawful d .
over 100 000 muslims  amp  africans waiting on the us mexico border to invade the us  via  fpptim.
most  viral news now  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 alexjones  .
crossing the border newsletter  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
yes   potus    close the border    until congress does their damn jobs and change the laws of the immigration system    i .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
.
these militia idiots do not represent me  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico borde .
 realdonaldtrump civilian militias assisting border patrol by rounding up immigrants  releasing to border patrol  b .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news   the guardian   smartnews.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 teri kanefield these people will never care about the mueller report  they are too busy forming militias and detai .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
a militia called the united constitutional patriots detained a group of more than 200 migrants in the new mexico de .
why doesn t  realdonaldtrump  senategop  senatemajldr send these 2nd amendment  well regulated militia  to afghanis .
rule of law breaking down on us side of border  videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants under eyes o .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
people come to this country for better lives  to provide for their family  or to escape violence  its tragic to en .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   crewcrew .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
armed militia catch asylum seekers after they cross us border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
wtf  armed militia on our border hunting migrants    videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mex .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border   bordercrisis  borderpatrol.
 coyoteagents and  humantraffickers are going hi tech  while monitoring the u s  mexico border in the el paso secto .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the only  impli .
videos show armed  realdonaldtrump white supremacist militia detaining non white refugees at us mexico border  .
new article  alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  has been published on t .
armed militia  why is this allowed  this is wrong and illegal   aclu    .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  our country is c .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border        armed rightw .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
people leaving water for migrants are facing jail time but border patrol actively works with these pieces of shit  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining and kidnapping migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border now this regime is allowing kidnapping  .
arizona declara emergencia migratoria  ante el creciente nmero de familias migrantes liberadas      california  arizon .
videos appear to show armed right wing militia detaining migrants at us mexico border in whats described by the ac .
the racist militia that s been holding asylum seekers at gunpoint at the border appears to still be raising money o .
these militia need to stay at their own homes or be charged with kidnapping  as of this article  this group has not .
 the trudeau government wants the united states to help tighten enforcement on canadas southern border  just as th .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  .
if trump authorized this in any way  then it is time to take him down via impeachment  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border       this is kidnapping     .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
lest we forget the other humanitarian crisis at our border  the thousands who have died while crossing .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
interesting article  once again  anti american news report  maybe this group was legally deputized by the county sh .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
eyes on the border  this is an invasion    gofundthewall  buildthewall  fundthewall  stateofemergency    .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  nearly 100 people turned over to bor .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexicoborder .
trump allows and encourages extreme rightwing vigilantes kidnapping immigrants at border  videos appear to show arm .
many  many are dying   president trump said last week on the border  miles away  at that very moment  a sheriff s .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detai .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 albuquerque  a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant fam .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
trump was shocked   shocked  i tell you       one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  via  nytimes .
i gotta say between ontario shredding every decent public service and alberta electing a party you can t get kicked .
so racist madmen with guns are kidnapping people on the border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
will us authorities turn on patriot citizen border patrols stopping illegals       .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  samtlevin  mfbenigno  nomoredeaths .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  it is all americ .
well         videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    patriots have .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
an armed right wing militia is  detaining  people crossing the border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
love this    happy long weekend  cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
 jewish lobby opposes child detentions on us border  but support it in  israel     jewish lo .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border    why doesn t th .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the guardian .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   the american civil liberties union is ca .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
armed rightwing militia members detained a large group of migrants at the us mexico border and coordinated with us .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
.
murder by america  where illegal border crossing carries the dealth penalty     one of the deadliest places on the so .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  stopthemadness .
militia in nm detains asylum seekers at gunpoint   a right wing militia group in nm has begu .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border     good .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  we do what we go .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  good job  but send them back.
rw militia group operating in southern nm is stopping groups of migrant families  detaining them at gunpoint before .
american civil liberties union  in a series of actions the civil liberties organization called a kidnapping and a .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
despicable  trump policies emboldening right wing militia groups to take the law into their own hands  the minuteme .
.
since when does the law allow citizens or armed militia to act as policemen and hold migrants at gunpoint   what is .
a right wing militia group operating in southern new mexico has begun stopping groups of migrant families and deta .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
trump sends mixed signals on migrant crisis at us mexicoborder .
trump sends mixed signals on migrant crisis at us mexicoborder .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed vigilante thugs detaining migrants at us mexico border .
does anyone else notice in the scenes shared with us of illegals crossing our border their always wearing clean clo .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border      .
members of right wing  militia groupgroup called united constitutional patriots filmed several of their actions in .
the trump crowd taking the law into their on hands       videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us m .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
 twilightminho there s literally a city called mexicali  it s a city right next to the border in mexico and the cit .
a citizens militia in southern new mexico has begun detaining migrant families who are seeking asylum  handing them .
call up all militias  alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
aba is calling on bar members to help migrants at us mexico border   national law journal .
 jaredlholt us border patrol wants  asylum seeking migrants  to wait in mexico  if  the vigilantes let them on  or .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
.
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
 painter nancy us border patrol wants  asylum seeking migrants  to wait in mexico  if the vigilantes let them on  o .
is this what dan patrick wanted to show democrats in exchange for  10 000 to charities       videos appear to show arme .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  flagrant breaki .
 way to go  alexjones  amp   patriots  losangeles  atlanta  chicago  boston  stlouis  kansascity .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 the  migrants come now in the middle of the night or in the bright light of day    they jump the small fences in r .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexicoborder  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  the american civil liberties union is c .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border  .
the un has been caught assisting migrant caravans heading toward america       liberal billionaire george soros is larg .
outrageous        videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 tdih  onthisday colorado   1936    gov  johnson signed an executive order declaring martial law along the colorado n .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
hundreds of  migrants have died on private ranches in  brookscounty  making it one of thedeadliest placeson ameri .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
an armed pro trump militia in new mexico appears to be detaining migrants at the border and working with border pat .
crossing the border newsletter  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
 csun lecture to explore the gang paradox along the u s  mexico border.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
crossing the border newsletter  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  .
      this is what im talking about we the american citizen take back our land.
whatever is happening at the russian border  you can bet that it is not the same as the us   mexico border  .
 letsgomathias agreed  it is concerning that they re handing them over to border patrol to be processed and transpo .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexicoborder  .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
 realdonaldtrump  thedemocrats are you getting it now   people are fed the fuck up with the  illegalimmigrants the .
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border   us news     latestcomments.
videos appear to show armed militia detaining migrants at us mexico border .
we have a crisis   the border  mexico is warning its residents to stay indoors closebusinesses bcuz caravan r not g .
militia in new mexico detains asylum seekers at gunpoint  from  viasimonromero border patro .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
 anncoulter    jackposobiec    realjameswoods   alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico bo .
 members of the group  which calls itself the united constitutional patriots  filmed several of their actions in re .
this has to stop        militia groups  living in a fantasy world  as they patrol areas of the us mexico border tha .
if these people follow our verbal commands  we hold them until border patrol comes  mr  benvie said  border patr .
a citizens militia known as the united constitutional patriots has begun detaining families of asylum seekers at gu .
 a right wing militia group operating in southern nm has begun stopping groups of migrant families and detaining th .
immigration and emigration  defense and military forces  asylum  right of  fringe groups and movements  american ci .
 jvgraz  corybooker he probably wants to close the border to keep us from going to mexico for affordable insulin .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
  reading  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  .
trump sends mixed signals on migrant crisis at us mexicoborder  .
i also learned today that the indian reservations that butt up against the us   mexico border are like super highwa .
a militia called the united constitutional patriots detained a group of more than 200 migrants in the new mexico de .
awesome event tonight  featuring award winning journalist and author alfredo corchado  enjoy a lecture and discussi .
drones used to smuggle people across us mexico border caught on video   ktsm news channel 9  .
yuma  az declares a state of emergency   cause  amp  effect        more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point .
  kag camp  hostile and aggressive migrants break through border into southern mexico  join us bound caravan .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
border dwellers in the us and mexico are subject to two authorities  its only fair to give them the cross border r .
armed militia groups on the us border belong in the worst interpretation of hell that anyone can imagine .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
 i had no idea  nobody has any idea how bad this is  he added  many  many are dying  that .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border    .
border patrol agent helped drug traffickers smuggle marijuana into us         border patrol agent is jailed for nine ye .
 in culture  we build bridges  not walls    yo yo ma communications  amp  culture have the power to move hearts  amp  mind .
.
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexicoborder  .
.
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
are lawmakers even trying to come up with solutions on the border  we went in depth on arizona s immigration crisis .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexicoborder  .
this is easily one of the best  if not the best organization  working to help asylum seekers and as a human rights .
due to a backlog of hundreds of thousands of cases  it can take years before a final decision is reached  with de .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border   deport .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  .
 last week  president trump told reporters during his visit to san antonio that he was shocked to learn that migran .
a campus ministry on the u s  mexico border trains young christians to lead .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border      nearly 100 people turned over to bor .
 thirstythursday fun at  dejavutijuana  let s pop some bottles  open at 1pm daily  come see all of your favorite sh .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border .
arizona lawmakers from both parties agree that there is a crisis at the u s  mexico border        how to solve it  howe .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border  .
alarming footage  91 illegals stopped by patriots patrolling us mexico border   nearly 100 people turned over to bo .
 last week  president trump told reporters during his visit to san antonio that he was shocked to learn that migran .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico residents  veterans and ex cops  after cros .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border    since january 2009  the bodies or ske .
  i cant be myself here   at the border   transgender women navigate 2 worlds   .
april 29  csun lecture explores the gang paradox along us mexicoborder  .
this article   would you break the law to save a life   by  sarika008  an inspiration of mine  really minds me that .
from oct 1997 to sept 2018  border patrol recorded 7 505 migrant deaths in its 9 sectors along the entire southwest .
need an update on the ongoing situation at the u s  mexico border  check out last week s most popular blog post  cl .
drones used to smuggle people across us mexico border caught on video .
i had no idea          notmypresident  maga  yesheisyourpresident  donaldtrump  democrat  republican  buildthewall .
this story never fails to impact  more than 7 500 migrant deaths in 20 years  prayer cards were found in the dirt .
this list is from the brooks county sheriff s office in texas  this is the total number of migrants whose bodies ha .
amid pressure from washington  mexico is backpedaling on promises of better treatment for central american migrants .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border       brooks county is deep in south texas brush country     .
nah  we don t need no stinkin  border        an illegal immigrant from mexico got pulled over this week in ohio with a .
great piece by  matthewblongo on borderland citizenship in  thenation .
what is the solution to the immigration crisis in arizona       there are many different answers     .
what    has this moron not seen how they stormed our border  amp  mexican border  how they threw rocks  amp  injured inm n .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico residents  veterans and ex cops  after cros .
 mexico has stopped issuing humanitarian visas for central americans transiting through to the us border and the na .
cellist yo yo ma gave a performance at the u s  mexico border to deliver a unifying message .
okay  i am a little behind with my postings  here was my day in san diego with my cousin charlie and his wife  we w .
this  brightthemag    sarika008  interview with a frontline humanitarian is inspiring and speaks to what policies   .
the itc finds the new trade deal with mexico  amp  canada would raise gdp by 0 35        that finding is v sensitive to how .
 rayvray1013  wajahatali he gave guns to the cartels in mexico that killed our border patrol agents    he allowed oba .
the sheriff of brooks county  texas said he was not all that surprised that some people were unaware of what has be .
tim talked about his recent testimony before the united states congress and how they refused to listen to his commo .
 ingrahamangle  trish regan  loudobbs  bretbaier  specialreport this is an invasion on our southern border  please .
in this interview with  sarika008  sister norma shares what drives her to help migrants and refugees  and reflects .
25 500   that s how many migrants  family members  have been released into arizona communities since dec  21        wha .
 hoffman  redskins cb josh norman has spent the last few days at the us mexico border buying and distributing suppl .
hundreds of migrants have died on the private ranches in brooks county  texas  in recent years .
how are migration matters coloring the u s  mexico relationship      watch as top u s   amp  mexican experts discuss    r .
 new irc survey finds services on u s  mexico border overwhelmed  women and children at risk.
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border   from october 1997 to september 2018  the border patrol record .
 services on u s  mexico border overwhelmed.
u s  border officials have reopened a port of entry along the u s  mexico border after a group of migrants tried to .
 i ve lived my life at the borders  between cultures  between musics  between generations  in culture  we build bri .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border    since january 2009  the bodies or skele .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
build bridges  not walls   yoyo mas message while playing a concert at the us mexico border        we couldnt agree m .
 markdevenport nancy avoids going anywhere near the us  mexico border  but no sweat because theres no crisis .
this is beautiful  yoyoma .
 realdonaldtrump is the only adult in this country   maybe in the world   who didnt know that immigrants are dying .
by the new york times from nyt u s     via ifttt one of the deadliest places on the southwest .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border  hometown .
a south texas sheriff keeps a tally of the migrant dead  in thick binders  the grim work of the brooks county sheri .
bbc news   five numbers that explain us border crisis          mexico  latinamerica .
us troops  need to be deployed to our southern border now  with the authority to turn these people back to mexico  .
are lawmakers even trying to come up with solutions on the border  we went in depth on arizona s immigration crisis .
ahora s ltimo da    us mexico border usa side in brownsville  tx  .
join us tonight  featuring award winning journalist and author  ajcorchado  enjoy a lecture and discussion highligh .
 metmeave  aoc if they crossed the border with no visa after traversing mexico which offered asylum to all then it .
via  nytimes  crossing the border newsletter  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
crossing the border newsletter  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  .
crossing the border newsletter  one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  .
crossing the border  last week  president trump expressed surprise and dismay that migrants were dying on the borde .
agents monitoring the u s  mexico border in the el paso sector say for the first known time therea drone has been .
reference  .
hundreds of migrants have died on private ranches in brooks county  texas in recent years .
 a country is not a hotel  and it s not full   said cellist  yoyo ma at us mexico border  .
 bbcnewsni has this clown ever come through the mexico us border  more fellow travellers drummed up by the eu to mouth off .
the cross border  shipping and  logistics delays are expected to last weeks  .
 jaimeas2000  justdeplorible  maggieb1b clearly you  even the nytimes agrees    first sentence        san ysidro  calif .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border      by the new york times from nyt u s     vi .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point .
having to work so much  having to be undocumented    were trying to help them see those things as assets  this ma .
.
a baptist campus ministry at the u s  mexico border .
well isn t this beautiful     yoyo ma played at juarez  the us mexico border this weekend        when his music touches .
nancy pelosi inspecting the border between northern and southern ireland       so why hasn t she inspected the border b .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border   in this weeks crossing the border newsletter  a trip to brooks .
 tireebirder ive seen them in the us mexico border area .
trying to recall this press hysteria back when obama was caught running guns to cartels in mexico and the the murde .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
one of the deadliest places on the southwest border .
read  matthewblongo on how  borderland citizenship could inform a more progressive bordering policy .
 redskins cb  j no24 has spent the last few days at the us mexico border buying and distributing supplies to asylum .
in this week s podcast  ignacio urrabazo of  ibcbank speaks about unique elements    from the bank secrecy act to t .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt  .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
check out the latest campus on the common  podcast about  border issues between us and  mexico with  jgpayne mark b .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt  .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
stay on top of  breakingnews courtesy of the the new york times .
it may be implied but what s missing in the article is the well documented cause of these deaths  the president s  .
many  many are dying   president trump said last week on the border  miles away  at that very moment  a sheriff s .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
 yoyo ma promoted  harmony last weekend with his  performance on the    border  .
many  many are dying   president trump said last week on the border  miles away  at that very moment  a sheriff s .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt  .
 cflineman052  rb rhodes  political axe  nogunsincanada  martletman  msccust  docs4guncontrol mexico is a developin .
they are acting like the people they say they are fleeing from   hmmm .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border   .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt the new york times .
 realdonaldtrump now back to business make mexico pay close border to stop influx   make public mention of possible .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
new irc survey finds services on u s  mexico border overwhelmed  women and children at risk  via  theirc.
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt  .
 one of the deadliest places on the southwest border  by the new york times via nyt .
meanwhile at mexicos border w  guatemala      human rights and humanitarian aid groups operating in chiapas has c .
le plus gros mal de tte dans le monde du fret en ce moment   les retards  la frontire amricano mexicaine  .
join us today for pablo domnguez galbraith of  princeton speaking  udelaware  mapping the  migration net  border c .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point .
hey  i have an idea   let s do exactly what mexico is doing when illegal immigrants cross their southern border and .
 my parents house is two blocks from here   she said   this is where i live   in that moment  rueda recalls   i w .
in a twist  canada asks u s  for help cracking down at its southern border realdonaldtrump you want mexico to co .
1  there is no border patrol here  this is us    noche tras noche un grupo armado que no pertenece a la patrulla fron .
biggest headache in freight right now  delays at the us mexico border     .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexico border .
new irc survey finds services on u s  mexico border overwhelmed  women and children at risk  families list food  mo .
 86thlegislature  patricksvitek  danpatrick give me your tired  your poor    your huddled masses yearning to breathe .
.
 fud31 wait  asylum seekers that go to the canadian border are turned around back into the us but the dems dont wa .
arizona s immigration crisis  finding a solution at the us mexico border .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cops   after cros .
heh   the trudeau government wants the united states to help tighten enforcement on canadas southern border  just .
 monologging  yoyo ma  npr  christhile watch  cellist yo yo ma performed at the us mexico border to send out a mess .
 mamareg2 tump should send our military to mex s border help w  amp  troop equivalence of afghan war  we need to protec .
 charlamanesbane  davidgo20615999  raniakhalek that s right  we re going to invade mexico if we    stop them from i .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point .
what    if anything    can be done to solve the situation at the u s  mexico border       this is part four of ktar new .
can arizona s congressional delegation find a solution to the crisis at the border  we ll go in depth with .
the us mexico border is once again being talked about  but this time it doesn t have to do with immigration  wait t .
doj  al qaeda using mexico border as  easy access  into us         via    neonnettle    neonnettle.
with the reassignment of  cbp at the u s  and mexico border   trucks are seeing an average wait time of over 5 hour .
 onds9  henriquediassd  ericswalwell i agree the border should be tightly controlled for many reasons  but guns flo .
 wolfariom  mkcathy  suzuhiggins  hawaiidelilah  polyphonicshan .
thousands more central american migrants approach u s  mexico border   fox news   this is ridiculous  schools in de .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point .
democrats are so scared now that they are losing to president trump s america first agenda that they are actually c .
in this week s episode of the  campus on the common   podcast  gregory payne and mark brodie discuss  immigration a .
global news  trump sends mixed signals on migrant crisis at us mexicoborder  .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border      in culture we build bridges not walls .
now were canadas mexico   people flee to canada  amp  canada wants the us to control departures  but we all are free .
how do migrants from the congo get to mexico to cross the us border    close the dam border  deep state and the new .
abd bakan donald trump n abd meksika snrn kapatma tehdidinin olas ekonomik etkilerini deerlendiren uzmanla .
 3  estimating the econ impact of closing the us border w mexico       it could shrink u s  real gdp  by as much as 0 6 .
 ivankatrump  jacquelyn m already a million illegal kids are inside us who came illegally through us mexico border  .
 realdonaldtrump could stop all remittances going to mexico  close the border and put economic sanctions on mexico  .
 trump fascist private army at the us border  so called  united constitutional patriots   looks like the nazis mili .
 karamar111 i tried to warn everybody because i live and new mexico 45 miles away from that border the diseases tha .
an thought provoking take on us immigration from the us mexico border         the musics awesome too .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexico border .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexico border .
trump regulations at the border  on tomatoes  threaten 200 000 jobs   most to all are most vulnerable  amp  those most .
mexico is not a friend to united states  it is an enemy and should be treated as such  period     trump should withdr .
 a country is not a hotel and we are not full   said yo yo ma  .
drones used to smuggle people across us mexico border caught on video   ktsm news channel 9  .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
what a great idea   yo yoma  that too  with bach  let your music unite people across borders        cellist yo yo ma pl .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexico border .
last week  beth cossin was part of a small delegation of clergywomen from the wesleyan church to visit the us mexic .
you know how to keep people from crossing the desert border illegally       go back to the way it was when i was a kid  .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
how insane is it that us troops could do more to stop the caravans  and truly protect us southern border by helping .
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump obviously you have not been to the us mexico  border  you should take a drive down there its pretty tall .
 musictoheal   bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
 realdonaldtrump maga pres i am sure you will make us as safe as israel in that regard no small feat i hope you tak .
 karnythia  drchaeed in the town where i live  which is on the old us mexico border  she was a medea like figure wh .
.
 mexico is backpedaling on promises of better treatment for central american migrants  leaving hundreds stranded in .
 maxxx  power  rganley  nyhpdpba  realtt2020  steeltyton  2aliberty  coslettlinda  machiavelli9595  dwightguy87 .
 kausmickey  anncoulter if bernie got his way the problem would take care of itself  no walls needed  the usa as a .
 number of migrants released into the groups  care far exceeds their ability to house  amp  help them arrange travel to .
migrants will not make the long long journey to the us once the mexico us border us fully closed  period  .
u s  customs and border protection said in a notice to potential contractors that it wants to house 500 people in e .
join us tomorrow 12pm for the final  munkschool global  migration challenges talk        hysterical borders  barriers  .
now these fuckers are using drones    drones used to smuggle people across us mexico border caught on video    .
 repbenraylujan what special kind of idiot do you have to be to continue to say there us not a crisis at the border .
yes this is how they operate they get your vote for them and then they mock it up they been doing it to the latinos .
 realdonaldtrump time for a congressional field trip to the border both house  amp  senate  all members spend 2 days on .
 nevertrumptexan  kimcyr68 thank you for volunteering  also for replying with your insights on why the asylum seeke .
thousands more central american migrants approach u s  mexico border   fox news mexico telling residents to lick th .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
brian kolfage crossing border into mexico in wheelchair  via  youtube   .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
us will run out of avocados in three weeks if trump closes mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
 realdonaldtrump  breitbartnews  wsj image showing just 2 days ago mexico organizing illegal immigrants heading to .
 nomoredeaths    are you focus on us  amp  mexico border or operate world wide .
trumps army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
thank you   violinchannel for linking to  tprnews  video from our trip to  laredo    to youtube   cellist yo yo ma  .
 marabutler67 how in the faq did they get to mexico and then us border  someone flew them from the congo   wtf.
 johncardillo  drawandstrike remember when usag holder ran runs to mexico while obama was giving stump speeches alo .
dados alm da tela  repositrio de referncias sobre data physicalization       foto  2019  hostile terrain 94  deat .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point .
 patriot  illegalimmigrants  borderpatrol  veterans  military join us thurs 10pet for  douglasducotes full exclusi .
on the newest map the border between the us and mexico is just a dotted line and it says suggested border    .
donald has really emboldened the worst people  the  absolute  worst  from daily mail   trump s army  more than 300 .
trump  threatening to shut us mexico border  may also escalate troop presence    .
undocumented families face new reality across the border .
trump says america is  full  while at the u s  mexico border .
 soledadobrien  andyrichter no big surprise  white colonialists from the us resented that slavery had been banned i .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
tx  drones used to smuggle people across us mexico border caught on video        humansmuggling .
drones used to smuggle people across us mexico border caught on video .
the trudeau government wants the united states to help tighten enforcement on canadas southern border  just as th .
realdonaldtrump    hi sir  please stop this invasion close the border mexico is allowing this invasion they don t car .
 cbp i want that border closed  locked up tight  i m just short of saying us should go to war with mexico    gangstal .
democrat no  go zone   yuma  ariz republican mayor declares state of emergency over migrant influx   where illegals .
 i ve lived my life at the borders  between cultures  between disciplines  between musics  between generations   sa .
 cici aketzalli  c0lettea you don t know nothing about trafficking           factories in china  trafficked through mex .
migrant camps overflow as mexico cracks down after trump threats  parents that bring their c .
an agent was recently using an infrared camera to monitor the border and night when he noticed an  airborne object  .
i m fine with trump s army of us citizens that want to protect our border and arrest these illegal mexicans immigra .
 realdonaldtrump how can it be  can any sober  honest  patriotic congressmenn women go on a vacation  when our us  .
300 asylum seekers trying to cross the us border illegally surrendered to an independent group of armed new mexico .
 despanol203  skyzbabe1961  shnydaone  andrewwgop  breaking911 no healthcare or infrastructure  higher debt deficit .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
border patrol  yuma nonprofits prepare for sustained release of migrant families  via  azcentral.
tonight  i ll be on  loudobbs with  repandybiggsaz at 7 00pm et   6 00pm ct live from the arizona mexico border  jo .
to the group of 2 000  centralamericans who crossed over to ciudad  hidalgo at the  mexico  guatemala  border by fo .
 juliaioffe state departments victoria nuland brags washington spent  5 billion to subvert ukraine  .
three hundred and sixty people were apprehended tuesday morning near ajo by border patrol after the large group ill .
  exclusive report from texas mexico border   join us thurs 10pet for veteran  douglasducotes experience embedded .
 potus  vp mr president  you have to educate  when dnc is boycotting fox  plan competing stadium rallies  bring bor .
yesterday  i went across the us mexico border to see the humanitarian crisis unfolding first hand        i visited seve .
moments before us sens john cornyn and ted cruz are set to speak in austin  us rep joaquin castro criticized them a .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
 es  tijuana  2014  la monumental plaza de toros  el faro  el ocano pacfico y la frontera de mxico con eeuu     en .
 vp  cbp the border invation is the dems plan to destroy america and be dictators  us americans are loosing our cou .
dems should be glad it s trump  and not american citizens defending the border    you all better work with trump    the .
 ksieff is doing some great reporting on the southern border issues that get less coverage   like the influx of afr .
rescue border towns and taxpayers with  remain in mexico  .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border .
 potus  icegov  borderpatrolfnd return them to mexico immediately  lions us  migrants push us border city to breaki .
us wants to build more tents at border to detain migrants     via .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
 a border closure would have been catastrophic to the 800 000 skilled employees at the 1 000 baking and supplier fa .
bbc news   cellist yo yo ma plays bach at us mexico border     music and those who play it  transcending borders.
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
 fastandfurious 2010  an atf program which allowed over 2000 guns to be purchased illegally inside the us and then .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
cellist yo yo ma plays a concert at a us mexico border crossing to make a point  cnn .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of  new mexico residents  veterans and ex cop .
armed militia group claims to be made up of new mexico ex cops and veterans  who patrol the border   one of the milit .
the closing of the us   mexico border will not only affects our image but it will also affect our food imports as w .
it was truly insane to witness what happened when i crossed over the border into mexico and then back again  after .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder  .
 natalieeeeeo that is true but it get sent here and to mexico and smuggledover the border into the us by the cartel.
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
cool  .
new to youtube   cellist yo yo ma  bach cello suite  us mexico border  2019   via  theviolinchannel.
 feistylilbee    cachoperez45  montaga fly on down to mexico and ask to see the pamphlet put out by the mexican gov .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder  .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder .
trying to book a hotel at a us government rate at the mexico border  and all my within rate options are in mexico  why .
i hope the president  realdonaldtrump doesnt burn the us mexico border to start a go fund me campaign and gather t .
migrants break border gate  force their way from guatemala to mexico on way to u s  border  via  azcentral.
 that is the ideal system   san diego sector of us border patrol works to build two walls koat new   mexico  news.
oh yo yo   what a hero you are  another great artist proves himself to be also a great human being   bbc news   cel .
 wednesdaywisdom i love to vacation in  mx  but each year it is more dangerous  violent drug cartels  gangs   amp  huma .
2 000 migrants arrived in  mexico this week  forcing mexican officials to declare an  emergency  where s the fake .
 a county is not a hotel  it is not full         if you want to listen to some amazing music  while feeling inspired  g .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexico border  india  .
trucking and the indians hoping to cross the us mexicoborder  .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans a .
anthropologist  jason p deleon visited  dukeu to talk about his research on the human toll of us mexico border cros .
they need to stop letting them in   these huge groups of migrants are busting into mexico and the us    why is this .
podcast  the challenges of banking on the u s  mexico border  .
 jnlatinoginga bro that shit is coming into the country at an increased rate never seen before for trafficking  lar .
made up of veterans and ex cops  after crossing the us border  .
                                  .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans and ex cops  af .
that is the ideal system  san diego sector of us border patrol works to build two walls  koat newmexico .
 2012migirl  cachoperez45  montaga lmao  right  people should detour from the safety of the group their in to go to .
 feistylilbee    cachoperez45  montaga i never said their consulate  you can continue to reply in a condescending .
a campus ministry on the u s  mexico border trains young christians to lead .
i m in austin for fusebox festival and on the way to the first waffles and coffee chat  there s this cute rainbow n .
 jennanoffsinger 90  of drugs into the us come from mexico so there is that  there is need for concern on how to ha .
gracias  yoyo ma for reminding us why the  us and  mexico have a shared destiny and only  unity will improve the li .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans and ex cops  af .
short blues rock jam instrumental  dedicated to all those who are turned away at the us mexico border .
trump s army  more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans a .
 aoc  democraticparty  realdonaldtrump  republicanparty  speakerpelosi       there is no denying there is a border cris .
rescue border towns and taxpayers with remain in mexico .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans and ex cops  af .
 bensmantodd  rmconservative  potus  realdonaldtrump tell mexico either they stop them at their border or they face .
 realdonaldtrump you want to change the border   as in  take part of mexico away from mexico  give part of the us t .
life on the border is difficult  but the baptist student ministry of the university of texas rio grande valley is w .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens after crossing the us border .
 repmattgaetz not only scouts help them    repjayapal from congress flew down there to taunt border patrol in full .
aerial view over the border between heroica ciudad jurez  mexico  and el paso  usa   2011     .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans and ex cops  af .
more than 300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  made up of veterans and ex cops  af .
the trudeau government wants the  us  to help tighten enforcement on canadas southern border  just as the trump a .
.
podcast  the challenges of banking on the u s  mexico border  by ababankingjourn.
 realdonaldtrump  pontifex stop migrants with us visas flooding into canada on your northern border from upstate n .
if  senschumer has to f ck the whole country to stick it to trump he ll do it in a heartbeat       schoomie s hatred of .
thank you jim for always agreeing to be a part of initiatives on our campus   we are especially grateful for your s .
insane amounts at the border  it s not china s problem  it s us gov mexico problem  amp  it s a problem they want .
 google looks like the us mexico border.
 hurryandfinishthewall and  closetheborder mexico is not a helpful neighbor so  stoptheaid south of the us border .
 ildefonsoortiz  breitbartnews we have enough of our own problems with mexico  i worry about us and the miserable d .
 repadamschiff awesome   now do the crisis at the us mexico border .
.
illegal invaders call 911    dispatched to mexico    mexico calls border patrol    border patrol grabs illegals    illegals .
mexican traders are facing hard times because of fears that the border with the us will be closed  these fears have .
thieves sold the wire to residents  who then used it to protect their homes  according to marco antonio sotomayor  .
