 joep bertrams netherlands caglecartoons com 2019 joep bertrams netherlands caglecartoons com 2019 joep bertrams netherlands caglecartoons com 2019 michael cavna michael cavna writer artist comic riffs covering visual storytelling cartoon art illustration comedy satire animation email bio follow writer critic january 10 amid shutdown showdown border security kind barrier stake seems flux early week president trump let known designs u mexico border wall changed tweeting planning steel barrier rather concrete stronger less obtrusive whether think border barrier best made concrete bricks steel slats legos wall become purpose metaphor state nation leadership editorial cartoonists putting wall work loaded image joep bertrams netherlands one paints trump victim policy nate beeler columbus dispatch caglecartoons com 2019 nate beeler columbus dispatch caglecartoons com 2019 nate beeler columbus dispatch caglecartoons com 2019 nate beeler columbus dispatch caglecartoons com 2019 nate beeler columbus dispatch caglecartoons com 2019 nate beeler columbus dispatch caglecartoons com 2019 nate beeler columbus dispatch rendered wall symbol deep partisanship brick blockade shuttered government tall steel structure whose slats view flexible trump depiction facts christo komarnitski bulgaria caglecartoons com 2019 christo komarnitski bulgaria caglecartoons com 2019 christo komarnitski bulgaria caglecartoons com 2019 bulgaria christo komarnitski cagle cartoons contrast depicts wall long swath trump broadcast image barricade finger wagging rhetoric nick anderson wpwg 2019 nick anderson wpwg 2019 nick anderson wpwg 2019 john cole scranton times tribune caglecartoons com 2019 john cole scranton times tribune caglecartoons com 2019 john cole scranton times tribune caglecartoons com 2019 nick anderson washington post writers group john cole scranton times tribune among cartoonists envision president walled political stance hajo de reijger netherlands caglecartoons com 2019 hajo de reijger netherlands caglecartoons com 2019 hajo de reijger netherlands caglecartoons com 2019 netherlands hajo de reijger sees brick wall trump mighty pose even leans much flimsier fence r j matson caglecartoons com 2019 r j matson caglecartoons com 2019 r j matson caglecartoons com 2019 r j matson cq roll call cagle cartoons depicts trump barrier battle fallen monument political failure signe wilkinson philly com wpwg 2019 signe wilkinson philly com wpwg 2019 signe wilkinson philly com wpwg 2019 signe wilkinson philly com growing wall composed trump democratic opponents jack ohman sacramento bee wpwg 2019 jack ohman sacramento bee wpwg 2019 jack ohman sacramento bee wpwg 2019 jack ohman sacramento bee constructs three panel joke built political progression tom toles washington post 2019 tom toles washington post 2019 tom toles washington post 2019 washington post tom toles among artists pictured trump play growing petulant position .

  white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders seen press briefing white house jan 11 matt mcclain washington post erik wemple erik wemple media critic focus ups downs downs cable news industry email bio follow media critic january 15 2018 memorable politico magazine piece 2016 former tabloid journalist susan mulcahy poked dishonesty behind president trump demonization media today trump calls reporters disgusting wrote mulcahy biggest lie argue longest intimate relationship media offer many opportunities gaze person loves adoration pours transcript published wall street journal interview president several reporters financial newspaper one point proceedings trump pronounced pleased one newspaper stories lot tremendous things happening united states including fact live without strangled regulation people actually wrote one best stories ever seen regulation said president history said trump full pager rep journal responded affirmative trump continued mean actually read never seen full page actually full page article journal interviewer responded affirmative trump marveled layout full pager essentially said never president anywhere close regulation part interview transcript doubt another part big time part dialogue relating foreign policy journal quotes president follows said president xi extremely generous said like lot great relationship know great relationship prime minister abe japan probably good relationship kim jong un north korea relationships people think people surprised bolding added highlight words fueled several days long controversy way white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders tells white house objected transcription early friday insisting president used different formulation probably good relationship kim jong un north korea sanders twitter pic twitter com u9mhhxkot0 sarah sanders presssec january 13 2018 official audio showing wsj misquoting potus pic twitter com wvwoafykhg sarah sanders presssec january 14 2018 first contacted wsj friday morning asked correction repeatedly refused issue one despite clear audio evidence misquoted potus sarah sanders presssec january 14 2018 trump wall street journal stated falsely said good relationship kim jong un n korea obviously say said good relationship kim jong un big difference fortunately record conversations reporters donald j trump realdonaldtrump january 14 2018 journal posted reply white house request reviewed audio interview president trump well transcript provided external service stand reported audio portion white house disputes pic twitter com bx9fgfwapw wall street journal wsj january 14 2018 journalist yashar ali came favor former oppo researcher obsessing reduced background noise slowed voice 40 percent says yashar ali yashar january 14 2018 erik wemple blog listened dueling audiotapes verdict coming parts whether trump uttered contraction merely pronoun remarkable episode however quickly team trump goes loving wall street journal regulatory coverage denouncing fake news split second interview ambiguous transcription lack self awareness kick explanation contretemps trump speaks ways discombobulate anyone seeking write words trump sloppy speaker said transcription expert elizabeth pennell cnbc 2016 presidential election hard transcribe says bombshell badly parsed consuming public media got take much care everybody literally hanging every word says way never seen happen race look way trump set sequence according journal said president xi extremely generous said like lot 1 great relationship 2 know great relationship prime minister abe japan 3 probably good relationship kim jong un north korea 4 relationships people 5 think people surprised take look five statements highlighted four dispute four 1 2 3 5 present tense indicative mood meaning statements fact belief perhaps trump stringing together several sentences journal defaulted present indicative transcription disputed sentence 4 quick listen audiotape appears confirm much trump claims however changed mood verb disputed sentence probably good relationship kim jong un north korea probably good relationship kim jong un north korea significant change one involving conditional mood way expressing thought dependent outcome say way stating fantasy would happy trump stop attacking fake news media strange trump diction decided use contraction probably instead would probably odd way proceeding trump presumably trying stress would good relationship kim jong un north korea circumstances emerged yet passage trump specify conditions would good relationship kim jong un north korea even white house right transcript president still makes sense matter either statement ridiculous josh rogin joshrogin january 14 2018 one moment wall street journal glorious publication runs full pagers deregulation next moment purveyor fake news transcription squabble speech drafting trump approach media sen jeff flake r ariz written dare say anyone privilege awesome responsibility serve chamber knows reflexive slurs fake news dubious best .

  window havepowaboot true bethonie butler bethonie butler reporter covering television pop culture email bio follow february 17 saturday night live surprisingly took president trump meandering news conference declaring national emergency southern border united states wall works wall makes safe alec baldwin trump said smart understand fact even easier understand smart snl kicked version news conference trump embellishing results recent physical still standing 6 7 185 pounds shredded baldwin deadpanned making case wall along southern border need wall okay tremendous amount drugs flowing country southern border brown line many people asked call see gotta fake emergency right want added really simple problem drugs coming country wall basically taking military money wall explained offering breathless vision might happen result national emergency declaration immediately sued ruling go favor end supreme court call buddy brett kavanaugh say time repay donny say new phone dis mueller report released crumbling house cards plead insanity months puzzle factory personal hell playing president finally spoof mirrored elements trump actual news conference baldwin trump declared love tariffs told reporter sit declined answer questions nbc reporter praising abc snl version trump said liked abc network airs marvel agents shield one reporter played heidi gardner asked question began much like one asked real news conference remarks today said new politics earlier administration said admission fact kind winging come doll learning said let forget technically first real job trump thought back time obama explained president oval office snl focused bite familiar targets thought obama joking said known know would told putin give job hillary instead next question read trump said found real collusion snl snl confronts virginia blackface scandal never funny cool 10 wonderfully weird snl sketches 2018 ranked .

  window havepowaboot true bethonie butler bethonie butler reporter covering television pop culture email bio follow february 17 saturday night live surprisingly took president trump meandering news conference declaring national emergency southern border united states wall works wall makes safe alec baldwin trump said smart understand fact even easier understand smart snl kicked version news conference trump embellishing results recent physical still standing 6 7 185 pounds shredded baldwin deadpanned making case wall along southern border need wall okay tremendous amount drugs flowing country southern border brown line many people asked call see gotta fake emergency right want added really simple problem drugs coming country wall basically taking military money wall explained offering breathless vision might happen result national emergency declaration immediately sued ruling go favor end supreme court call buddy brett kavanaugh say time repay donny say new phone dis mueller report released crumbling house cards plead insanity months puzzle factory personal hell playing president finally spoof mirrored elements trump actual news conference baldwin trump declared love tariffs told reporter sit declined answer questions nbc reporter praising abc snl version trump said liked abc network airs marvel agents shield one reporter played heidi gardner asked question began much like one asked real news conference remarks today said new politics earlier administration said admission fact kind winging come doll learning said let forget technically first real job trump thought back time obama explained president oval office snl focused bite familiar targets thought obama joking said known know would told putin give job hillary instead next question read trump said found real collusion snl snl confronts virginia blackface scandal never funny cool 10 wonderfully weird snl sketches 2018 ranked .

 senatorsinema  dhsgov i hear  resources and staff  but i don t hear is us also needs        formidable barriers and se .
new mexico militia detains migrants at gunpoint until border patrol arrives  report         electr .
this is madness      illegals storm mexicos southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   .
 ipot1776 taxus      why do i think texas       feb 6  2019  trump falsely said el paso was a hub of violent crime before .
 asher elbein  texasobserver  emma marris i went to sps in late december  such a jewel  are there any updates about .
 vaughn hilton the only thing hes done  mega tax cuts for corporations  amp  wealthy       border wall  nope  he just take .
mexico could stop them  if they wanted to  gt illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant car .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
a north dakota company demonstrated to members of congress including sen  cramer how the private company can build .
montana sen   stevedaines says he ll donate his vacation time at the us southern border   i ll search vehicles  swe .
   time to line our border with our troops  this is insane .
 jgreen22co  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump wow  how do you compare a fence around a home to a fence alon .
 breaking what happened   hamas uses a rifle like the israeli snipers that maim and kill unarmed children at .
 cathyann63  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump they re replacing old fence with new fence         .
 rikjohnston1  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump you mean  he has seen old parts of existing fence being replaced with .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
 maga  mindmixradio  celtgunn  cs00582sc  ma liky   txtrumpette89    atomic news report  new mexico border crisis tra .
 serendipitymg  accuracyinmedia  ryanafournier the picture is a wall  raised fence construction going on as part of .
 gaza  israeli forces targeted a hamas hamas affiliated position with aircraft and a tank close to the border fence .
here on the lebanon border is an israel army post and fence  security was heightened last fall in the lead up to th .
 breaking   idf says aircraft  tank struck two  hamas positions in  gaza in response to earlier shootings at israel .
 geektoylove  elvis bob  annastoya  b fung sure when dragons exist    notice how they couldnt cross before that    .
border patrol apprehends nearly 1 000 at the border in just one day  report  looking at thi .
trump base   amp  many folks who were on the fence  know that all of this has been  ridiculousbullshit  new day  new ba .
 lrihendry all they care about are the people that want to destroy america and the law breaking fence jumpers at the southern border .
fact kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
 daveterry44  georgegalloway and within weeks several leaders of eu countries were saying exactly that  hungary was .
 markhumphrys  foley declan mass attack suggests they were collectively attacking border fence which the video prov .
pvc wire beautiful products   green concertina razor coil   barbed wire    pvc coated wire small coil   border fence mesh .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border      if curbing illegal immigration is the goal  as po .
the real illegal immigration crisis isnt on the southern border      if curbing illegal immigration is the goal  as po .
do we need purple paint on border fence and signs saying do not enter or will be prosecuted.
rumours of kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
she visited khurvaleti in nov 2017  amp  met with data vanishvili whose garden was divided by south ossetia border fenc .
fact border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area.
juu naweza jipata solo nimesimama uganda kwa border nagotea tu maboys kwa fence ya kenya kama msee amekaziwa kuingia club .
 realdailywire childish  n im sure bernie building the fence on border ya come on ann.
my opinion on open borders  your house has a fence or a wall  that s a border  the end .
illegal migrants have stormed mexicos southern border and burst through the fence to join the latest migrant cara .
i see nothing wrong with what they re doing by helping the border patrol out  this is why we need a wall or what hu .
 anncoulter not supporting the secure fence act was his original position  you are a hypocrite  .
 anncoulter he voted against the secure fence act .
 cernovich if he went back to his 2007 position      you mean when he supported amnesty  when he voted against e veri .
 rockymtnmsgt  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder this just in  the wall will leave your property on the me .
 blazetv  benfergusonshow instead of throwing our hands up  president trump needs to send the military down to the .
 rainmaker1973 for those who are on the fence about whether this is somehow a proposal that crosses boundaries of .
    orban credited border fence policies of deterrence for almost 100  drop in illegal crossin .
 conraddeitrick  markdavis  davidafrench you ask which policies the never trump conservatives ran on  lets see    clo .
 sebgorka  cnn hopeless   you could be talking to fence on the border  they would say  doesn t stop anytfbhing      t .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   it s lke the wa .
any man who proclaims himself a conservative  just before justifying blowing huge sums of money  spent to build a s .
 thehill we do have a crisis  we have 700 miles of border fence that is a crisis for nature  putting fence through .
the rational  moral  amp  easily possible position for neutral observers who want no one dead is that theyre well with .
 angela enders   iamanita d send him to nancy pelosi s home       i think she may have grandkids visiting occasionally  .
 ufowga  realjameswoods there are hundreds of miles where the border is wide open  no fence  no barrier  not even a .
 cnnpost  repmattgaetz a bunch of his  at the border  tweets were lies    he was at a fence manufacturer 100 miles .
 mrgenius7997  amethyst 1690  lorddwa  slract what is this fence between east and west belfast .
 amethyst 1690  lorddwa  slract  border solution if east belfast is so friendly why the need for the big fence up b .
 fall babylon  repseanduffy i agree  we cant imagine what its like to flee a country thats war torn or economic .
 repmattgaetz  repandybiggsaz .
 cal11172  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  gavinnewsom  kamalaharris cages  do you mean chain link fenc .
 manpalestine but what will all the animals in the gaza border fence trying to breach it wear   lol.
 bethlynch2020 if they were seeking asylum they would have gone to a border checkpoint not cross where there is a g .
 repjerrynadler  housejudiciary and the people are requesting a fucking fence at the border .
 markhumphrys  paulomahony5 he was attempting to kill or killing no one and was blatantly no threat to the border f .
 1fubar and your back fence would have to be taken down to prevent a hard border      brexitparty uk.
 dcexaminer  adamschiff nobody believes you schiff  move on and actually do something in washington beside climbing .
 realdonaldtrump big lies continue to be told about the non existent wall  you know the fence that has an arrow tha .
 realdonaldtrump        build the wall  send in the military  use bullets     declare a national emergency     do not let t .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 inthematrixxx  potus remember  p  owns all railroads  at the south border there is also a train track within feet .
friday notebook preview  the border visits by d c  politicians are a farce  they only visit to get photos and video .
notebook preview  the border visits by d c  politicians are a useless farce  they only go for the photos and videos .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  cuban  amp  africans get violent w mexican .
black toxic water flowing through the border fence at smugglers gulch today  and 1 5 million gallons flowed through .
only on abc 7 at 6   muevanse  muevanse como vacas    that translates to   move  move like cattle        border patrol .
 deepsleeper8  callenfamily wasnt even thrown stoning distance from the border fence  amazing how far youll probe .
 senatorsinema seriously  can we talk about the human rights violations occurring at our border  in our names   the .
migrants attempt to cross us mexico border fence    nancy pelosi says we have no crisis at t .
in the story of one mexican american womans life  we can see the whole tragic story of the us mexico borders tran .
only on abc 7   borderpatrol tells me it is reviewing video allegedly showing one of its agents yelling at a group .
 boymomvb  magertje83  anncoulter all of the fencing that s going up is just replacing the fence built under the bu .
 thehill one mans attempt to show cnn and msnbc it is possible to be fair and balanced    if youre not a rabid lef .
 dolfer  emmya2  realdonaldtrump fence  wall  border  immoral wall  idgaf it is going up  .
 chaparro916  emmya2  realdonaldtrump from your own article   for  the pentagon to transfer  1 billion towards the .
 jackbox hey jack   i only get a 1 2 break for lunch    can you meet me at the canadian border crossing and huck a .
pentagon takes  1 billion from military personnel account to build border fence.
if congress put as much effort  money  concern and disgust into our border crisis as they do the pointless mueller .
how many miles if border fence could have been built to protect anerica instead of wasting it on a which hunt  .
 suhasinih and state is in hands of pakistan and indian forces must come out of the state now  right      i m guessin .
 warddpatrick  ericswalwell i m trying to figure out if  acosta tweeting at the border fence or  ericswalwell askin .
1800 migrants illegally enter el paso sector in one day   how are they anle to cross     rebuild the fence in these are .
el paso tx usa while driving a customer to their location i noticed border patrol agents with about 15 illegal migr .
 zaharias19  j a lewis86  chuck kopsho  charliekirk11  tpusa  ilhanmn the travel ban from muslim countries      and gue .
 faithful server  riemcaz she could have actually accomplished something if she d traveled to the border and dug a .
dlvr godfather illegals storm mexicos southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan     votered    votered.
border patrol agents near el paso earlier this week spotted a drone flying over the border fence 3 times one night  .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia       united constitutional patriots detained th .
 gracieusa1  mmpadellan screaming from the sideline in north korea  stomping his feet when called out  let alone st .
 rkj65 yes  45s cabinet has brazenly taken steps to say  to congress  they started building 57 mi of fence on th .
 texasfreedom101 florida needs a border fence .
 prestonoakley2 what we need to do is use that money and finish putting the fence and hiring more border patrol agents.
weve treated border security  really for the last 35 years  as the fence of a static line       we should look at .
 pxrxcetxmol time for a zara e azb in baluchistan    i hope they fence the border soon .
 naveed360 i doubt pakistan has money to make1km fence let alone entire iran border     may be pakistan can threaten .
migrant deaths by region since 2014  the fence along the greece turkey land border was built in 2013   .
 aoc the people living in gaza have their own territory and a border fence separates it from israel  i haven t seen .
 united constitutional patriots detained the group after watching them cross through a fence gap      .
 darrengrimes  funny i thought the border was between ni and eire  why is it ni s  britains  problem only  theres two sides to every fence .
 andishanasir gov of pak has always given open offer to afg  if you have any action of intelligence share with us  .
that s for products      what about people       if there are no passport controls on  eire s northern border    then  uk is .
huge gap in border fence near yuma  az   april  2019  via  youtube.
 mamendoza480 yes pls  realdonaldtrump  mickmulvaneyomb  gopleader pls look at this border fence .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov how about building the border fence or is this solution of yours an anything but build it sc .
 natsecjeff  anasmallick area not far away from iran    does pak have border fence with iran  .
 lt important rt gt  border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia   united constitutional patriots .
if the government could  build  those 5m houses just next to the  completed  kenya somali border fence  and  house  .
the barbed wire fence at the greece macedonia border was erected in august 2015 to stop refugees           the wire had .
 guystark3  mares bobby25  curtmills  bartmccoy5 prior to that  he oversaw miles of border fence replacement whic .
 realdonaldtrump mr president until the walis up why not call on more military troops  amp  line them up across the bor .
 farhankvirk ptm pushton tahfuz movement ni asal m atm afghani tahafuz movement hai  pak army should accelerate the .
my thoughts kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
alexandria       when you cross a border illegally   meaning you didn t present your passport at customs    you jumpe .
 latifwaxirii  fawadchaudhry jub tek kpk or balochistan ka border fence nahi hota yeh sub chalta rhy ga  .
democratic arizona senator kyrsten sinema calls on congress to secure the border          nati .
 anwaar kakar  officialdgispr  jam kamal ask the govt to fence the iran border.
when will pakistan fence that iran border   ormara  balochistan.
 ranaseesnsays not again  we ve been through alot  fence that iran border i think.
for those who dont know san diego  imperial beach is where the border fence runs into the pacific  border patrol s .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia        united constitutional patriots detained th .
 realdonaldtrump small sections of border fence are being repaired using funds initially appropriated by obama admi .
 realdonaldtrump donald  illegal immigrants going to the us border  we must warn that they will not be admitted to .
 repmattgaetz dear god  is there anybody in the  gop who doesn t lie their ass off        repmattgaetz  you are so bust .
 rey lowe funds donated to abf do not go into the general treasury  they are delivered directly to dhs per their ow .
 dearauntcrabby  mom2queenie  repmattgaetz an incredible privileged liar  auntie   telling people on twitter its t .
 harveystaub1  briankolfage i don t know  or vouch  for this outfit  but what about these hundreds of guatemalans s .
niko watches the deal while hiding behind a fence on the border of the site  he takes in the sights  observing the .
 enlieretzaheret  legally israel  carlos can do  rae97189446   mattharris   shoozer12  barkindavid  peppi1207 .
 178 lishf  legally israel  carlos can do  rae97189446   mattharris   shoozer12  barkindavid  peppi1207 .
u s  mexico border fence almost complete .
 barryisfunny  ilhanmn im hoping i miss understood the stupid part  i hope you where only referring to the depor .
we clearly know where is the problem    the border fence that separates india and pakistan is clearly visible from th .
 repandybiggsaz  repmattgaetz your a useless liar  you were 100 miles from the border with other liars  visiting a .
grainy black and white video released by the border patrol shows an dark object flying near light towers and over w .
 dearauntcrabby  repmattgaetz this is how i always picture gaetz    mouth agape  perhaps he s a mouth breather      .
 lynette530  grrrgraphics it appears that she has a border like fence running along the bottom of her previously open borders property .
    border crisis caught on video        300 illegals stopped    by armed militia       united constitutional patriots detaine .
 representmeaz  senatorsinema  freshproduceaa welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence .
 dpbullseye  repmattgaetz the border patrol caught them without the fence  gaetz is a first class moron  he took ph .
 repmattgaetz sounds like they need more border patrols  not an idiotic  outrageously expensive fence that anyone can go under or over .
 repmattgaetz they got caught because     actual border patrol agents were there  take the wall money  boost the bo .
don t fu   ck with the american people     stop lying     legal immigrants are welcome to the united states     illegal i .
 jaccal68  judgefudge5  cplbear  veronicatalbot9  178 lishf  yoni yonder  theantiantizio1  immort4l legacy .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militiaunited constitutional patriots detained the g .
 aoc you have to be the most stupid person alive along with your followers to believe that kids are being put in ca .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia   united constitutional patriots detained the .
minutes ago  over 40 illegal immigrants caught at the border  two border patrol agents are leading them to processi .
minutes ago  over 40 illegal immigrants caught at the border  two border patrol agents are leading them to processi .
 cbparizona  cbp the border fence is leaking again .
 csmatteson  senatorsinema  dhsgov check what hungary did to secure their border  their figures show it is an amazi .
 senatorsinema  dhsgov where we in az need more resources is the 200  miles of border where there is no fence or an .
border crisis caught on video  300 illegals stopped by armed militia    united constitutional patriots detained th .
 kalejphoto  czarcasm23  isiah4congress  aoc yes i understand what you are saying   in my opinion   building a wall .
 aoc obama first caged families with chain link fence cells  you are lying to say differently  the news your libera .
 pstar bookmarks    border    fence    wall    mountains     gap    illegal    immigration     immigrants     drugs    crime     criminals .
 ilhanmn i want a secure usa border   keep all people no what nationality from entering this country  i believe the .
so far 2 arizona cities have pushed back on the  realdonaldtrump administrations efforts on the border  nogales to .
 kalejphoto  isiah4congress  aoc exactly  is the border going to have a wall or a fence then      commonsense101.
 krassenstein  realdonaldtrump sections of the border wall fence were built under bush  amp  obama   a few miles have been repaired under trump.
flashback  they dont even try  hungarys new border fence called spectacular success   gt  .
 chrisjc12002 i d love to know just who is going to implement this  hard border  they keep rattling on about  if we .
 chiefriddim  jesusisjustight  jorgesxc   anniepaulma  vibewithdaisy because we all know a wall will do nothing   i .
 realdonaldtrump lets build a fence around california and open the border in san diego.
az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper  does any republican understand the difference between a .
why kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal.
hello president trump    please build our border fence before we help any other country rebuild anything       my heart .
on the day its border fence was completed  the influx of illegals entering hungary went down from 6 353 one day to .
 kristiniewinnie  jesusisjustight  jorgesxc   anniepaulma  vibewithdaisy you do realize less than half the border i .
 aoc i don t agree with caging kids either but what is wrong with having a wall on the border  it s just a barrier  .
what say you now       just dropped 75k in las cruces to handle illegal border crossers where there was no fence at all .
 coleneumann  jylsargent  sorensimonsen  sleepratlisa  realdonaldtrump the mexico usa migration has always been ver .
why border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
currently at the border fence in hidalgo awaiting the arrival of dhs acting secretary kevin mcaleenan  good sized m .
 thehill is it enough to build a border fence   or wall  how about getting flint clean water  puerto rico still nee .
we have already sent money to central america  that didn t work  and  what money did the democrats offer for the bo .
 letsroc137  amnesty  hrw  omarsshakir that is a complete lie  the marches are designed to break through the border .
1  eyes open   from this dec 2017 article      in 2006  rep  peter king  a new york republican  introduced a plan to bu .
 tommyhicksgop the president needs to shut the border down  congress will never fix this issue   the secure border  .
in el paso   cbp are apparently holding hundreds of asylum seekers in tents in a parking lot below paso del norte b .
 realdonaldtrump does that mean you wont be golfing at all during the government recess       but dont let me interru .
 repmattgaetz doing more filming     lying where you are     lying about a fence     lying about everything     you are too .
 talkradio nothing wrong with flying any flag     i wouldnt like it if it was on the border of my property  if i l .
 tmpena  finnwilson9  tracyfo47710566  tomilahren  realdonaldtrump i didnt say seeking asylum was illegal  i said c .
 repmattgaetz we are the greatest country in the world  yet we can t find a decent border fence   why   democrats  that s why .
 4yrstoday nope  my work involves travel between 3 different border cities where most immigrants come in and all i see is a pathetic fence .
.
watch  touring the us mexico border over arizona  you can see the current border fence between the mountains   ther .
 realdonaldtrump you still havent figured out the difference between a wall and a fence  a wall you cant see thro .
flashback  they dont even try  hungarys new border fence called spectacular success   gt  .
 latvia builds a 93 km  fence on the  border with russia   lithuania has also begun     at the end of 2018  russia bu .
not on the network news      .
 erinbiba and puerto ricans are still suffering after trump pulled fema funding and used it to play games with his border fence .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
 repmattgaetz  have another drinky drinky  liar   too bad youre standing by a  fence  prototype miles from the .
 lynnestone1968  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
 harrisfaulkner yuma mayor border emergency  wondering where the 3 buses came from yesterday that dropped off 400 i .
my state  we have no tall border fence  only the 3  tall walk across barrier from bush era much of southern az is n .
mr  president  whaddya say     realdonaldtrump      kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 shaunknox4  trumprocks4u  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump 700 miles of fence already existed under obama    old section .
but hey  who cares because they re not your children being raped or murdered right  here are just a few of the .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
 i never knew it was strange to have a barbed wire fence around the perimeter of your school   great essay by  ssdp .
 bk9net  vp  cbp apparently you havnt kept up with recent events or the past history at the border      clinton on up u .
 woohookitty didnt donald at new fence was being built though  geez man  tell the idiot to get his facts straight  .
 senatorsinema  cbp senator sinema should understand that in order to have safe and secure trade in this country th .
 realdonaldtrump wtf   change the immigration laws or the border   and truthfully  only a small part of fence now being repaired .
 imrankhanpti dear sir i think all the terrorism in pakistan is only due to afganistan n iran     you should tie so .
 charlottecuthbo  briteeye777 if i was a land owner on the border i would give the usa the land needed to build the .
 travisakers so    he was at the border  he didn t claim that fence was on the border  and your tweet ranks right u .
 repmattgaetz and a fence wall that can be scaled will help     how exactly   use the wall money to increase border .
 thehill    we have a time now where you can use sensors and technologies and drones and a lot more to protect the .
in 2006 congress passed thesecure fence act  which mandated the construction of multilayer pedestrian fencing alon .
 foxnews describes how hundreds of illegals pulled up in buses and crossed the  border where  there was no fence  t .
 jbolo9476 no one is saying we don t need border security  no one  what we are saying is that a fence won t stop th .
.
so 400 migrants arrive by bus at yuma border where there is no fence  via bus  who is providing the buses     .
 speakerpelosi look what is happening in yuma az today   the mayor is declaring an emergency   bus loads of aliens .
 realdonaldtrump petty vengeance  lawlessness and hate will be trump s legacy    there is no new border  fence curren .
 lynnestone1968  barbann76  elizareynick  dance always    furburglarr  splintergroupie  amybs25  flacoconuts .
top 10  hungary demands eu pay back costs of border fence   the rebel   .
pres  bush passed this     what happened    the secure fence act      authorizes the construction of hundreds of miles of a .
i have a solution to the illegals situation    1  dig a ditch along our s  border   2  let it fill with water from th .
families fleeing central america at our southern border will seem like a drop in the bucket once real .
1 1  congress does not want 2 work on border issues  they r a sorry state of affairs  they r picking their noses wh .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump and the wall isn t  being built   total bs  the border fence has been repaired in parts b .
 holoriginal  realdonaldtrump i m confused about the wording wall  fence and border security seemed to be one word at last .
 realdonaldtrump why  you have fence repair started under obama that you stand in front of and yell  wall  your del .
 saracarterdc  cityofyuma .
 johniadarola  futurama predicted trump   just watched s7 e3 where nixon is running for prez on building a fence on .
were out here  on the streets  in the shadows  in the kitchens  and inextricably in your lives  no wall or fence w .
 mattgaetz did he cross the border illegal or jump over the trump fence.
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc damned old turd  why should we build  anything  on our borders other t .
 realdonaldtrump translation  dems blah  blah  blah  border  blah  blah   sections of the fence that was already th .
 realdonaldtrump don  only fence replacements  you re such a  liar  and you created the problem at the border  you .
 fairimmigration  rmconservative  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc he stops short of deporting them  building government .
 realdonaldtrump for  trump  perception is more important than reality     trumps tweets boasting about new wall con .
out lie 2nd amendment bullshit when we want need assault weapons banned those guns are war weapons that our militar .
de blasio threatens to sue if trump sends immigrants to nyc  via  breitbartnews gt    he opposes .
watch  video shows droves of asylum seekers comprised of men  women and children  walking up a dirt road  they cros .
 judicialwatch just for those border deniers  take a good look at the terrain in this pic  straight up  fence the a .
 lul relloo i walk in godly form amongst the mortal men   i got some real demons across the border fence    and made a .
after one cruel month of fighting sfr styria and the republic of gamers  have signed a peace treaty  the republic o .
 realdonaldtrump why you always gotta be lying there s no new wall just refurbishing of old fence at the border  wh .
 realdonaldtrump you are not responsible for a single section of wall being built  all construction on the border i .
 realdonaldtrump no section of any  wall  is being built or has been built along the border during the donald perio .
 realdonaldtrump please spend some of that money and build a border fence on my property because i have animals migrating onto my land .
top 10  hungary demands eu pay back costs of border fence   the rebel   .
lahore  according to sources  technical experts and foreign office officials from both sides are participating in t .
we need improved  border barriers  it is obviously not ok that anyone can just hop the fence like you re cutting th .
 realjameswoods send these ones to california  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack pol .
  realdonaldtrump hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 alexmaj22537651  cnn not a big fence  more judges  social workers border agents  faster moving asylum request proc .
 aclu the law of the land declares immigrants must pass through legitimate border crossings  correct  how would you .
 taslimanasreen ma am  god is neither misogynist nor misandrist  it is we the human being who created home  fence  .
 veritascocktail  realdlhughley reagan would be considered a lefty today bc he said usa didnt need a fence on our .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
if this is not a hostile invasionary force  what is  .
i think that pentagon takes  1 billion from military personnel account to build border fence.
 gothshiva  cjwerleman  hinaafroz those are ttp  we fought with them in sawat  north waziristan  amp  fata  amp  we defeat .
 scottlucas ea that s not the claim i m referring to  i m talking about how beto wants to take down the existing border fence .
 jenben1969 do u have aging parents near the border  we have guns all over the house now  amp  im visiting bc 2 weeks .
 gulalai ismail  gabeeno  mjdawar first they kill taliban capture taliban controlled areas and now they want to giv .
 brexitparty uk if it comes down to a worst case  hard brexit  scenario  how would you implement a land border with .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 chantaladasilva  ladyjaka22  realdonaldtrump  newsweek  jimlaporta  ramsberry1 and all they would be willing to be .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
sucks to hear your daughter died but building a wall wont stop drugs from being trafficked  its not like they re to .
 thisisponytoast 6  is it a solid barrier  steel slats  maybe some chain link fence  plastic orange netting  maybe .
 kemmerlingcody  breitbartnews  repmattgaetz wall  fence  building has been going on for years  border walls are nothing new .
april 15  2019  issac abdul muti suwailm eshteiwi  16  died of injuries sustained when he wasshot by israeli force .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  neilmunrodc great instead of a wall  build hundreds of miles of shelters along the .
amazing  that just has to stop   realdonaldtrump is spot on  fence off entire border  only way  use traps  armed gr .
taking bets on when every detention centre  amp  every border fence is torn down.
 keithdb80  lindilu8  blondie patriot  realdonaldtrump are you for real  there is vast land along the border with n .
the best view in chicago is staring at the trump tower  i hope trump puts up a gorgeous border wall  walls saved an .
human drama video  migrants shove children under arizona border fence lined with razor wire   .
 wednesdaywisdom  migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illeg .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
 realdonaldtrump problem solved under budget and installed quick quick  .
this is exactly what the demonrats want   they are on their way to our country  .
 juliancastro welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence 4 borders       keep cbp ice n 10mi .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
 senatorsinema welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence 4 borders       keep cbp ice n 10mi .
 cnn  oann      democrats passed bill  asylum  loophole used to sneak in before vetted  border walls work  refer to hun .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 mattgaetz youre not even on the border jackass   coolidge is 100 miles from the mexican border   and how does thi .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
 speakerpelosi do your job and solve our crisis at our borders          .
he s just hoping to get other people to pay for it and then to slap a big  built by donald trump  sign on it  the w .
kris kobach and congressional republicans visit arizona to see company s 218 mile  3 3b border fence proposal .
 tomholmes2016  2astr0nauts  repmattgaetz he is saying his company can build 100 miles of this type of wall fence p .
 jordanfabian because the money we spend couldnt be put toward a wire fence at the border or something    lol.
 senatorsinema  cbp welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fence 4 borders       keep cbp ice n .
thank you cbp  why are we sitting here watching them cross the border when they couldve been stopped b4 they got .
 gatesrobin  cali tracii  sharonwhotweets  gingersnap   hallelluyaah  thunder mounton  realtt2020  ranchwife11 .
 charliekirk11  vikingragnarkag border wide open       historical illegal immigration invasion       27 miles of fence in .
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso .
border of kartarpur corridor will be fixed by the fence              .
 border ollie you need to consider a role clarity workshop for him  ollie  border pawtrol and socially questionable .
 loudobbs bp watched 300 illegals get off busses on the mexican side and just walk under the border fence   then th .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 discomoulvi fyi  there is a method to my madness  i m not a paid troll like him  when he crossed certain limits ba .
it also shows of course how a fence doesn t stop it  they are walking toward the fence to turn themselves in to border patrol agents .
 cher the illegals should be deported from which they came  they do not have rights here  they do not deserve a day .
 cher the border states that do not have a wall  are over run by criminals and rapist and drugs from these illegals .
mexican authorities found the migrants to be  hostile  and  aggressive          realdonaldtrump .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
happening now  awaiting a press conference with border patrol tucson sector chief about the apprehension of 360  mi .
 cantpretendtoo that sounds like a responsible idea    .
 realdonaldtrump close the border now           hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack poli .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed    military belongs on .
i got some real demons across the border fence and made a note to them of the mistakes we cant afford again    .
 marcopolo305954  athenarising  urocklive1  realdonaldtrump israel reduced illegal immigration by 99  just by setti .
 realdonaldtrump  senmcsallyaz what about the border crisis                            the  1 issue that got you el .
claudia jaqueline sandoval said she is hiv positive  but that is not her reason for journeying north  instead  mon .
the agency said the migrants were  hostile  and  aggressive   authorities also accused the migrants of attacking m .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife   ecowatch  trum .
chuck schumer   the first comment that makes one do a double take is that schumer actually thinks illegal immigrati .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
ocean sciences article of the day   this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife  ec .
our congress both the democrats and rep  are allowing and supporting known hostile people who could be soldiers to .
 realdonaldtrump  whitehouse arizona company ready to build border fence under budget  amp  far ahead of schedule  tech .
 political85  jaketapper 350 is a horde  is it  this imaginary group torn through a fence on the mexican southe .
  hostile   migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
in attendance at fisher industries border fence demonstration today in az    all republicans       senbillcassidy     .
 mattgaetz i see a fence   probably located somewhere besides the border too   youre just missing the bulletproof .
 orakxaii  hamidmirpak  ihsantipu i think you have not read my complete reply  i said they request about afghan pk .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
video shows chuck schumer arguing a fence will make border far more secure  via  tpinsidr.
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal        hirekobach    .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 4thevulnerable  tannedbeach  jrsmitty79  montaga  talibkweli  edentheplanet also  some places cant even hold a ba .
                    imrankhanpti  ptiofficial .
one month in 1983 nearly 50 000 illegals were caught in the chula vista sector of the border  that s when  congress .
2012 smugglers  jeep gets stuck on us border fence       despite building intricate ramps  a gang of smugglers are forc .
ottawa  i am sad to report that the grass is absolutely greener on the other side of the  soon to be built  presuma .
read more about the visit my colleagues and i made to  fishersandg earlier today to learn about the innovative comp .
scoop   kriskobach1787 and republican lawmakers are in arizona to see one company s border fence proposal .
i heard border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 alihyde03144601  hamidmirpak  ihsantipu because they are humiliating people on these checkpoints  and there is no fence on fata kp border .
 seanhannity let me understand this  isnt hopping over our countries fence  or border considered illegal trespassi .
.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump .
 neoavatara  edmorrissey .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid   yidwithlid  aag.
.
democrats vote democrat until its to late  we are doomed as a nation  .
 sens  bill cassidy and kevin cramer  as well as gop reps      watched as a handful of fisher industries workers ma .
 scott wiener  steve4sac  rick zbur  icricardolara  eqca  calgbt how would a wall fence barrier at the border with .
president trump on thursday again touted the progress of his border wall byreferencingafence repairproject in c .
your government decided to build a fence on the border  this was a right and necessary decision because this is a .
in the story of one mexican american womans life  we can see the whole tragic story of the us mexico borders tran .
 radiofreetom youre definitely not wrong  with all of this cain talk  i watched some old campaign videos  he surge .
on friday  nearly 350 illegal immigrants from guatemala and honduras broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan an .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see company s border fence proposal .
 realsaavedra so  if thats what it costs to cover everyone  ends justify the means  unlike closing the border  shut .
thank you  cvpayne that was very impressive information about the border fence .
 hillaryclinton  womenintheworld  fareedzakaria welcome 12mln undocs  dreamers  tps w path2citizenship       smart fenc .
kris kobach and fellow border hawks join army corps in arizona to see companys border fence proposal   washington .
 realdonaldtrump dear potus please use fisher sand  amp  gravel co  to build the wall      us company makes trump  3 3b b .
 mattgaetz i didnt know your district had a border fence  clown  .
 orakxaii  hamidmirpak  ihsantipu really  so why ptm demanding to remove the police chowkies and saying to remove t .
if you believe a court can demand that you let this in to your country and even has jurisdiction over that  we dont .
 dancrenshawtx dear dan       given ive seen u lie  ill preface my reply w facts       all thinking humans must assume l .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 potus a company states it can build the fence quicker  cheaper  amp  better then get it done   do the entire border so .
border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 sethamandel not an aoc fan  but i assume she means that 60 people died in the may 2018 border protests  so in or n .
 tomiahonen take his stupid name off the border fence .
 mattgaetz why everytime gop goes to border they never capture the crisis nor the camps its always a selfie in fron .
we should prepare for the  kenya somalia border wall levy  very soon       the fence they built is still porous .
 realmattcouch like going to the southern border  amp  commenting on how safe it is  while standing next to a fence    ye .
 jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler  goptaxscam  immoluments violati .
 patunleashed  keithmalinak    the dems say  no  to a concrete wall  and  no  to a steel fence  but have they ever sa .
construction crews will break ground on the replacement of 26 miles ofaging  solid metal barriers just east of th .
tanto que se habla del muro fronterizo y el problema haitiano  pero ni un solo periodista como  huchilora .
 sherpalou  scottpresler  eileenmm17 democrats are the ones currently opposing border security        but i do agree th .
he will be remembered as the president who was the most lenient on immigrants than that of any other president  and .
watch  anna giaritelli s broadcast  fisher industries constricting demonstrating for senators and congressmen how i .
 fianna1984  gavnix  ni kopite  think32   irlpatricia the biggest problem is there are too many players will sit on .
icymi   border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area    via  rafaelcarranza  .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
fisher industries constricting demonstrating for senators and congressmen how it says it will build a mile of steel .
and they re heading for the u s    .
 indarnoldwetrst  richloyalty ent  mmehtanydn are you seriously comparing your fence to a border wall .
the dems have shown substantially they do not care about the safety of americans by refusing to physically go to ou .
 gerrybing1  jim jordan  repmaxinewaters  adamschiff  repcummings  reprichardneal  jerrynadler i suppose you never .
 trickshotz199  emma3332003  scottgrimes  realdonaldtrump the wall isnt being built  current border barriers are b .
bbc news   norwegians laugh at new fence on russian border .
politics and conservation are often intertwined  and that s exactly why it is important to find solutions for human .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
next time he will just jump  the border fence   if any   like most bangladeshis do   he might even get to vote for .
 potus the city of phoenix is now becoming a disgusting invader tent city  where is the border fence  where is the .
 gregcfollows  bioturbonick  fawfulfan yeah the irony is the racism that motivated the construction of that fence i .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
for example  start here      the dumbed down versions is the government can not engage in a taking of private land .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 abrams jonny  afagerbakke the us pressures egypt  which is completely dependent on the us  to take full responsibi .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 amy siskind hey oooooo what material did trump want to build the border  fence  out of again  aluminum  it seems t .
 judicialwatch thats probably true but i cant understand why these people are so fat if they cant support themse .
orbn told a joint press conference held with his serbian counterpart that serbian acceptance of the fence hungary .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
.
how about that international border fence wall barrier and rule of law now  cher   cher  still love your singing of .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
 andinikki08 you don t seek asylum by rushing through the border and attempt to breach legacy fence infrastructure .
busted  .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  yidwithlid.
of course gov  newsome was referring to the ideology of the democratic party that uses the suffering of central ame .
hungary s illegal immigration plunges over 99  after building border fence  via  youtube.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   .
 cjwerleman 189 killed  of whom 163     with live ammunition   open your eyes  these were armed combatants    all o .
donald trump jr  compares immigrants to animals  border wall to zoo fence .
donald trump jr  compared immigrants to zoo animals in an instagram post on the border wall  via  businessinsider.
 sirpareshrawal  sushmaswaraj employment business visa allow a foreigner for any paid or volunteer work       what if h .
did you hear border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 timothy2lee  whitehouse  realdonaldtrump that particular section of wall was actually just a replacement of fence .
children of color kidnapped  amp  racism at the border      hey you little latino kid sitting atop of president trump s fen .
 cadudefrank  thehill hillary was the most corrupt and least trusted democratic candidate ever  she voted for iraq  .
 cjwerleman gaza has free border with egypt  but they want to come to israel by force  and they use children in the .
 buildthewall  votered2020 .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   .
i can park next to the border fence .
an invasion is enroute  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north    .
 craigrsawyer  buzzjeansonne a barbed wire fence is no protection   it works perfectly to keep your cattle  amp  other .
 stonekettle  jwhoopes2 if only they had built a border wall or fence or vertical slats    that would have kept the .
in 15 20 years orban wont be alone your government decided to build a fence on the border and managed to finish .
 charliekirk11 give them to the illegals flooding across my state s border  here s a link that proves borders work  .
 edgary1 .
11 29 1876      hey everyone  i gave a special privilege to my good friend tom sawyer to help build a fence on our sout .
 nexantonius  disk ray phled  drgnkiller why  my stars  image that  corrupt security guards in canada  if this is g .
.
 timrandosaurus  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump  potus wet when they swim the rio grande  dirty when they dig under the .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   d .
some one need to disable the bridge asap   problem solved       .
ps  milan mela is a gathering of relatives friends on either side of the fence at the india bangladesh border every .
 saywhenla  barbgpatriot    hungary wised up and built an electric fence  results  illegal ent .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan   the lid   yidwithlid  aag.
.
illegals storm mexico s southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan       tcot  teaparty .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
illegals storm mexicos southern border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  illegal .
fact border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso.
 pfskat  myrydyan1  mark kawada  jordanfabian you mean the methods obama meant when he said the border fence is bas .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
nearly  1b in contracts awarded for border fence sections         nationalemergency         stopcaravanviolence .
 maria13072138  nevadajack2  2012popper  cindymccain  realdonaldtrump     this link takes you .
practical use of the border fence  mexican farmer ties his grazing horses off to the wall  your text dollars your w .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 my lori that is true  mybe if the border was a electric fence mybe they would not come over it.
 aman61bc  cbp i thin  yes  it was  i just cant shake this article quoting some bizarre trump critiques of doors i .
 tedlieu  realdonaldtrump i believe the house funded 50 miles of border fence for 2019  yet drump hasn t built any .
 aocpress  crowebar 67 kind of like fence jumpers coming across our border illegally and stealing money from the re .
.
 gftrib kinbody here s one more  one of the two i serve  the easternmost church in mt is grace lutheran church of s .
 jkdub1974  kristen08782165  judy jr715  lrihendry  realdonaldtrump if he wanted a fence  he had 2 years  dont be .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   d .
did you overhear that pentagon takes  1 billion from military personnel account to build border fence.
meanwhile along the border  .
 i put  no trespassing  signs on my fence  not because of the border crossers  but because of the militia  they re .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
dems claim trump is  using immigrants as pawns in his political game   dems said many times they want border securi .
 realdonaldtrump why isn t american southern border like north korean southern border  lined with land mines and ba .
.
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso  .
in order to build a stronger  more resistant fence  one border patrol agent said agents sometimes leave gates open .
gates can be seen open along the border fence in downtown el paso  but when you see this  border patrol said it has .
border patrol agent explains why gates are left open on border fence in el paso  .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
yeah   no shit there spartacus    just like the folks along the border with no fence  .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area .
 realdonaldtrump i talked to two liberals today that claimed that contracts awarded for border fence construction a .
 almostjingo  goweld  a fence at the border   am i doing this right .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 jiliandiamond  russian44859821  annettegh86 yeah that s not grasping for straws all right  except it is  she very .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
350   illegalaliens violently storm mexican border to join another larger horde of 2k  heading again to u s  border .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
.
 clayandclaws  dog rates we used to raise border collies for search and rescue   imagine this x10 12   we were too .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  via  politicsisdirty.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   .
 timethief investigation while jim acosta stood in front of a fence at the border saying there was no problem  jim .
 borderwall construction will resume this month at the  arizona border     crews will replace 26mi of landing mat fen .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 juliemarchiano heres one for you  i just saw an estimate for the cost of rebuilding notre dame   amp  its less than .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 aimas8706  tenaciouse5 im sure youre cool with palestinian children being shot by snipers for protesting at a border fence  though .
 zi gah once we have completed this fence on afghanistan and iran border  than remember there will be no more terrorism in pakistan .
construction along the arizona mexico border will resume this month with newer  taller fence designs    .
 debunkbullshit  thedailybeast tunnels are very expensive to fund and maintain  with a wall  border patrol can focu .
 cher what  how many homeless have u taken in     u have a fence around your property  why    103 000 poor souls crosse .
 realdonaldtrump when he was still running the border patrol  morgan referred to the needs at the border as a fenc .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 amymek  realdonaldtrump next area for a border fence .
our elected officials are on vacation all the while we are being invaded    realdonaldtrump  gop  lindseygrahamsc .
 huffpost what is she going to do about our border crisis        .
we are in serious danger folks     bordercrisis   .
 pfskat  myrydyan1  mark kawada  jordanfabian as far as gop had yada yada     obama said he completed the border fe .
 i put  no trespassing  signs on my fence  not because of the border crossers  but because of the militia  they re .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife  video   extinction  resisttrump .
 ntvkenya  dennisokari pliz ask matiangi if somalia kenya border wall was constructed or money was pocketed n wire mesh fence done .
 the department of defense is shifting  1 billion from a military personnel account to build a 57 mile fence at the .
theyre only women and children though        mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a .
yoo hoo   america     they are coming     .
 ohiojoe513 .
george soros  the nazi sympathizer has been secretly funding groups to undermine a great nation .
 judicialwatch  realdonaldtrump we absolutely should build the border wall  wish they would incorporate solar in and electrifie the fence .
 carolhakios  jeanpierreoling  palactnet that is only a checkpoint wall the rest of the border is only a fence pa .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 .
at the border fence between san diego and yuma    jacumba hot springs  california .
 amvetsupport and we have thousands us active troops on our southern border building the  iron curtain  that congre .
 allenchia12  realdonaldtrump      i will build a great  great wall on our southern border  and i will have mexico .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration   d .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
come together america and acknowledge that we have a problem that only congress can fix        hostile  migrants break .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border on fri .
 tedlieu  nick6439  presssec  potus  realdonaldtrump i am smart enough to know that the new border wall you celebra .
 peharsari  faryafridi1 they are trying their best to ensure the security its citizens deserve  no matter what reli .
if you are curious to whey  repcuellar and  thedemocrats are so vigorously fighting a fence on the southern border  .
complete anarchy and disruption    .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
they are sending us their best  the law abiding  peaceful ones        hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexi .
via  realdailywire  migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on ill .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump another rally for your so called re election campaign    nothing presidential to do    no suggestions .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 miqazi  frudbezhan thats why  pakistan needs that border fence and  afghans a reality check .
migrants storm mexican border  jump fence to join migrant caravan  as mexico cracks down on illegal immigration .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   cher  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
great news   looks like the illegals have broken up their families before they try to cross our sovereign border   .
the government has been releasing illegals all over  release them in sanctuary cities  .
across from roma  texas lies miguel aleman  mx which is a small  community under the control of the gulf cartel  o .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
on their way to house speaker nancy pelosi s home       .
 border fence construction on u s  mexico border ramps up in yuma area    via  rafaelcarranza  .
 realdonaldtrump try leading negotiations  instead making radical proclamations  amp  threats to please ann coulter  ev .
californias immoral wall works  the most secure wall on southern border in history  border fence build up has lo .
 ilmforg mrs  mccain  as resident of arizona  please cease calling out the president because the senator didn t lik .
where is our  nationalguard  usnationalguard    border    finishthewall  realdonaldtrump    .
 usnationalguard  kentuckyguard  il natl guard where is our national guard   border    .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 gop space force  border fence  extra money for security to secure the florida white house  white house turnover  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   .
 krassenstein  edkrassen  realdonaldtrump oh really brian  that s what they want   how come they voted against any .
 hostile  migrants enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 jase 1972  gadsdentruths  kamalaharris i just told you dems supported updating the already at the border fence  wh .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
a child is seen to be putting a fire bomb at the border fence from the gaza side   hamas  gaza  israel .
 gop  dnc  senschumer    speakerpelosi  cher  repmaxinewaters  chp hq       hostile  migrants break border gate to enter .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 kristatheyoung1  grumpybearz after the fence  i do know the national guard was put on the border numerous times to .
                                             hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack polic .
wonder if pelosi will cater the party they ll want upon arrival at her home          hostile  migrants break border ga .
children of color kidnapped  amp  racism at the border      hey you little latino kid sitting atop of president trump s fen .
2010      68  of u s  voters now believe the united states should continue to   build a fence wall on the mexican border  .
 edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump you do know there was already a wall  fence   border or whatever you want .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 .
 mewaispress  ineescafe  nadameddain  alahamdann  mai gazan  ahmedhijazi96  khaledsafi  ramabdu  masoud alaa .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north      via  theblaze.
a border fence idea after the wall is finished let artists make it beautiful.
only one half of our southern border has a fence  our country cannot afford this flood of illegal immigrants  democ .
 donotvotedemocrat  trump2020  buildthewall  keeptheelectoralcollege .
 peharsari  faryafridi1 that is why they started to build a fence on the pak afghan border  but pakistani pseudo in .
finally the border wall is being admitted to as a reality in arizona       .
 acosta jim acosta  i am standing at the border and there is no crisis  nice border fence jim .
 repbrianfitz how about you joining our president donald trump and get the fence built to stop the flow of illegal .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze  .
 potus  mommma dee   .
they re headed this way .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 migueljose 85  markdice  cher so you think you know more than the border patrol   fyi they have said the wall is n .
 realdonaldtrump why dont go repair the fence at the border  strech your underwear should cover all 3000 miles.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
so far today there have been 4 attempts to sabotage the border fence   idf responded as per roe   gaza  israel.
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
no crisis at the border huh      speakerpelosi  chuckschumer  thedemocrats  dnc      .
 dcexaminer they must be bringing a whole lot of love with them to be able to power through an international border .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 angryexgop  krassenstein  beto  berniesanders  kamalaharris  joebiden  petebuttigieg when i was growing up we had .
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi well  but we could drop them off there and give them water and sandwiches and they cou .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
hey nancy get ready for this group to be set down in front of your estates wall       hostile  amp  aggressive migrants br .
 thelastdrap  philmccarroll  elizabemcgowan  tomlfcni  1rorycowan  tenenbom now the border fence attacks have been .
just think  since the democrats wont build a wall and they love immigrants president trump is going to send all of .
hungary builds border fence  illegal immigration drops by 99  .
 ohiostreetjoe  edkrassen  krassenstein  realdonaldtrump really  go take a look at the new video of the mass of ill .
 cher  lwhaynes there is a proper process  its legally seeking asylum  where your identity can be vetted properly  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 byronyork goalposts moving    close border  open border    build a wall  build a fence    mexico pays for the wall  tax .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  .
 realdonaldtrump  foxnews  stevehiltonx well it looks like russia  crony capitalist  and white nationalist hired yo .
 gaza  issac abdul muti 16y died of injuries sustained when he was shot by iof near the border fence on april 3rd  .
 zemanek vicki  cms1978  tracilaw  thegoodgodabove  phillymayor but it is illegal to cross our border without going .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
we don t just promise  we deliver        promise  will complete all pending fencing work to increase border security  .
we don t just promise  we deliver        promise  will complete all pending fencing work to increase border security  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north and nobody coul .
no crisis here       .
 fairimmigration  dailycaller deportation  hah  criminal invaders laugh  amp  walk right back over the border  need to .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 tweetspiring dan bangun fence di border bagus juga utk tekan imigrasi  drugs ilegal    setiap negara berhak kok utk .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 cher well thank your congressman cher gotta get out of your coma   and out behind your high fenced in home  like a .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 annettegh86  anncoulter he put a nice plaque on an old section of fence that was recently replaced  and he threate .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 edkrassen  realdonaldtrump i thought the border patrol and the experts that are actually there say the wall or fen .
 dauntinglys   richardoa  santafeez  idf being a child is not a good defense from the snipers of the  idf       i think .
mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border on fri .
 xgoalanke  thechelseatalk egypt is one of the 5 countries that border israel directly  theres a border fence alon .
 cher your progressive liberal agenda came home to roost  its an invasion  cher  texas is a border state  we final .
we don t just promise  we deliver        promise  will complete all pending fencing work to increase border security  .
3      mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border o .
.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north       share infor .
 deplatforming  siebs15  msnbc trump is the reason i m on them  so inept he can t build a fence or close the u s  b .
 realjameswoods  realdonaldtrump i don t understand the border states mass illegal immigration will cost them a for .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 mexican authorities say a large group of migrants broke the locks on a gate at the guatemalan mexican border on fr .
 connorsouthard on a drive from austin to houston  which is a wasteland of pine forest destroyed by the lumber indu .
the u s  immigration debate       a u s  border patrol agent keeps watch along the fence next to the u s  mexican borde .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 jamesmcgrew1  soylessmed  cassandrarules     for example  draining the swamp is one thing  but another deliverable .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 rickyllesor1  nytimes oh  i should have clarified oh  i m not for illegal immigration   what i am against is the f .
 repmattgaetz  speakerpelosi i m sure if they can climb the wall at the border i m pretty sure they can climb that .
 cher this is so good to hear ive been a supporter of yours for so long  all we have been asking for is to take ca .
people seeking asylum dont do this  rogue thugs do   buildthewall    .
 barbrastreisand or someone so over confident  blind with power  and a spendthrift  america is safer without her  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north     invasion .
 magagwen maga gwen        magagwen mt      proof border walls work      hungarys  illgal immigration fell 99  after thei .
 rickm19622005  markdice  cher do you not understand that all the money that ca and other states give free to illeg .
 israelusaforevr  bfraser747 that was at the border    where the new fence was    cool .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  coming to a na .
 ourcooppower another idea  with the rate of illegal immigrants coming into your state  you could just set up reall .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump build  the   wall  send in troops   now   .
 hostile   migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 wakeupamerica before it s to late   hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and .
i just saw people trying up jump the fence at the border lol wtf.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 cher oh  i forgot  beto rourke  amp  some other dem candidates have said if they get elected theyd tear down all fenc .
israel has a wall and it works  incidents of violence have dropped to record lows because of the fence  america mus .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 cher so its good to see that you have come around and agreed with the president  or are you the type that says le .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
we better get that wall going  or do people think they are just going to stop when they see the sign usa  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 dcdeejay nah  a fence around a private house doesnt compare to a multi billion dollar wall along the us mexican border .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
oh great   i haven t watched the news today     .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
.
really    be like me going to a georgia game flying alabama colors        stupid       really disgusting  .
congress needs to  securetheborder now   realdonaldtrump   .
     invasion  this is war       they must be stopped  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then at .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  tcot .
hey  housedemocrats  senatedems  while you pick your nose  these illegals are wreaking havoc  get off your fat ass .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
nancy pelosi you  amp  other dems a disgrace  if one person is hurt when these people break into our country i hope som .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 speakerpelosi at this very moment  my husband is driving 6 hrs  to our s tx  ranch  lock cut off gate  today  coyo .
 donaldjtrumpjr i hope  cher has a big tall security fence around her multi million dollar mansion  illegals stop a .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 realdonaldtrump look at all those desperate people  waving the flag of the countries they are  escaping  from   .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 reed indeed 98  crapper the  theronandaloro  cnn again  those pearl gates are attached to  a wall  a very high wal .
police  and they re headed north   via  theblaze    cc  dloesch.
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   you can stop th .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  buildthewall  .
again     cuz im still waiting on the first caravan .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
wow   look at this  .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
send them all to san fran     .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
doesn t mexico have a military  this excuse of  they attacked the 8 police we had guarding the border  amp  broke the p .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 cher funny how now its an issue  dont worry  your fence  our needed wall  and security  our border patrol  will keep you safe .
.
 carminezozzora i would like to institute my b2b  border to border  program  free bus rides from wherever you jump .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
this is not like a fence in a backyard  trumps border wall vs  wildlife .
this cant be stopped   this is terrible  .
 callme jaworski  charliekirk11 lol actual when i lived in arizona after 9 11  may of us did exactly that  no one t .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  theblaze .
democrats indignation over placing illegal immigrants in sanctuary cities may be the greatest self own since acostas border fence report .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze manu .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 dreamers headed our way       .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north   theblaze .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 senschumer  realdonaldtrump how can you say you give a shit about any of us when you welcome  amp  encourage criminals .
violence coming to america  hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re .
cameras on private land in tucson  az show people wearing camouflage clothing with cloth wrapped around their shoes .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north  invasion .
 hostile  migrants break border gate to enter mexico  then attack police  and they re headed north .
 juliebiashop1 actually  most of the border has no high fence  so please  step right over  buh bye now .
 drnealhouston  deplorable man  potus unless congress is going to get a better attitude the  cbp is going to need a .
 cher i totally understand and sympathize with you guys  we feel your pain  why don t you guys just let us build a .
 realdonaldtrump  potus   when is the last time epa did something good  this is an excess bureaucracy  you should shu .
home depot sponsors 129 miles of trump s border wall .
i don t believe that it s out of cruelty that peeps want a wall  immigration needs to be controlled  terrorists  ga .
now  how about that border security nancy    how about getting to work for the american people instead of trump bashi .
 kerrijersey  fix dan  walshfreedom  shnydaone reading is fundamental      .
we challenged  tomperez  amp   thedemocrats to sign up for   amp  so far no response from them     are .
i ve become obsessed with quilting this year  i started the first of january  and i ve completed 5 projects  and ha .
 s96677980  fitzpatriotbrad  goodbyecali  antipropaganda7  samarino1776  william96456209  sambyhere  twitmo inmate .
 he said the organization plans to remain on the border until the extended wall proposed by president trump is buil .
home depot sponsors 129 miles of trump s border wall .
 realdonaldtrump just curious   are you willing to launch an investigation into how many people who shared stories .
listen to understand the  function  of the border  under the system of capitalism   we don t have open borders for .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder time to finish the wall and shore up the border patrol too .
 fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder arm the border and build the wall    what are we waiting for   we can t a .
 realjack yes   tax all the democrats in sanctuary states   amp  then we will have more money to build the wall on our .
buiding a wall at the mexican border is the best thing we can do  the cost will be offset in a year for all the aid .
another brick in the wall  dinesh d souza destroys the open border argument  via  youtube.
 sueann sorensen  houstonchron sue  boarder person who receives regular meals when staying somewhere  in return for .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
us states led by california sue trump administration in showdown over border wall funds   donald trump s america   .
 grahamledger so  potus use the power of your pen  build that wall hire more judges border agents and ship them to .
that wall is getting built        .
in the shadow of the wall  the people experiences the encounters of the u s  border patrol  cartels  and the detent .
 senfeinstein what have you done to fund the  building of the border wall and correct our immigration laws  nothing   buildthewall.
 .
 seanhannity  shirleyringuet5  jaysekulow  presssec  devinnunes  greggjarrett  saracarterdc  marklevinshow wall to .
yeah  we need to build a wall across the border   we finally have 11 miles of the neat  new  transparent wall thank .
 senkamalaharris build that wall now triple ice and border patrol e  verify and deport no amnesty no chain immigrat .
 bsmithslo  peterbakernyt  sbg1 and have mexico pay to build our border wall .
 danwerner10  mschlapp  sebgorka yeah true they are sneaky little devils so you better rush the border and stop the .
democrats spent 25 billion on bogus investigation and won t fund a wall on our southern border .
cross border solidarity would be the most devastating thing to the border wall project   marxism2019  teardownthewalls.
 marklevinshow gee  that s really too damn bad that some illegal might be offended enough to jump back over the bor .
 rharvley  ilhanmn republicans wont pass anything helps people  they want only to pass a wall which steals land  amp  .
u s  customs and border protection installs el paso border wall  via  youtube.
woohoo    way to go home depot    see now i m doubly glad i came to your store instead of lowes to buy my fencing a .
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent .
 cshields671  dbongino  hillaryclinton  barackobama dont change the subject   i dont care about clinton and obama .
this is the kind of cheesy idea i can get behind       .
striking workers  led mainly by women in the factories of mexico threaten the whole border wall project that is pro .
 realmattcouch stand still while i build a border wall around you .
expose the waste in a  borderwall by donating to the  cheesewall at the u s  mexico border today       artist cosimo ca .
a death  a life  and a border wall.
u s  boxer rocks trump border wall shorts  gets crushed by mexican opponent    .
coulter says she could work for a sanders administration         whatever respect i once had for c .
 gregabbott tx  leachfortexas build the wall   protect the border .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
 cbschicago forget building a wall along the border  put it on the southside .
rt nrcc  should congress finish building the wall at our southern border  take the poll now before it closes  .
 i had no idea  trump says of the dead  we ve been trying to tell you  one of the deadliest places on the southwest .
fisher industries says it can build 218 miles of border wall in a year.
san diego border tests new wall in the midst of crisis that s creating       via  youtube.
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
flint clean water gofundme campaigns get border wall boost via  forbes  escapedmatrix    saveflintchallenge .
this is fake news at a whole new level  it s called lies  gop congressmen pretend they watched wall construction at .
 thedailybeast migrants are up against nicaraguas containment wall .
 wcivility  speakerpelosi  realdonaldtrump said we where going to finally get term limits  we need that as much as the border wall .
why  because melania probably still breast feeds barron and wants your wall on the mexican border built around her .
wall    wall now        .
sign for border wall .
 teampelosi  immigrationcom nancy  you could fess up by telling the sheeple about being the head of all the drug an .
 realdonaldtrump   youll get that wall you want  except it wont be on southern border  it will be around the prison youre sent too .
with the democrats unrelenting on their opposition to the border wall   realdonaldtrump has decided to send illegal .
 langevittoria most fentanyl comes from china  first of all  and secondly drugs that do come across the border do i .
dont right away hang ann  read the article  i can kind of see where shes coming from on this  trump needs to bull .
the rise of resistance in social movements has forced us government to block funding for trumps border wall  he ca .
 twilight19521  seanhannity lots of coughing  lots of men with little children  we need the wall folks  please sha .
stand with  michaelbennet and demand the contents of the mueller investigation are released to the public  .
 len9671 shut off welfare  access cards  medicare and it drops by 2 3  tax 10  on remittances to the home country p .
although a  wall  along the entire length of the mexico usa border would result in 95   in illegal crossings   500 .
today we drove through big bend national park  got rowed over the mexican border by a mexican  rode a donkey to the .
artist building a wall of cheese on mexico border  make america grate again .
these families  and all americans  deserve the piece of mind only a wall can provide       learn how your   tax deductibl .
i love me some  dalehansen   this man is now and has always been amazing    dale hansen unplugged  a border wall is   .
 bryanriggs  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa again  it didnt happen because there were enough wimpy r .
 monica barona .
trumps border wall criminalises people at the border  people who are fleeing conditions the us created  marxism2019  teardownthewalls.
 rachredux southwest cancelled our flight so i had to be come up with a new plan  sometimes you gotta think outside the border wall .
 brandongroeny so he should tax himself  he turned down 25 billion last year fora wall   he needs this issue to spr .
check out  polka dot pink brown geometric wallpaper border girls room wall art decals   via  ebay.
 imcorrectingu i think the american people should file class lawsuit against all these liberal media organizations  .
wildlife is at stake  tell the house to reject trumps border wall    sign the petition   via  change.
    gaetz s eagerness to help trump in whatever way he can seems to know no bounds  sopretending he was at the sou .
why pentagon awards nearly  1 billion to build trump s border wall.
 sarahkendzior  rashona i m hearing a lot of our dem congress people exhibiting borderline cowardice in light of th .
 veronicabaty  ritawewl  kaison8  yelgeb  yojimbo 2000  speakerpelosi even though left leaning polls say that we do .
 verumserum  benshapiro and i dont understand why people think that if the wall isnt complete he will lose  what .
 realdonaldtrump az company says it can build border wall  faster  cheaper      finished in a year .
 cnni ive said before we re building the wall on the wrong border.
 abc ahahaha what a loser  time to impeach schiff  and chathe him with treason  we the people want his head on a pi .
geometric wallpaper border polka dot circle girl decal wall art pink brown stickers decor   baby nursery kids room .
 cnn a canadian  damn we better build a wall on that border too .
building a cheese wall at the u s  mexico border .
 repadamschiff schiffty  you are gonna waste millions more taxpayer     because you hate potus   we elected him  je .
here s an idea for   what  americans can do with the  pseudo  phonybaloney  muellerreport        let s wallpaper the bo .
 aileenketchum  deaphoenixdiv  repseanduffy  repandybiggsaz  rep hunter  repmattgaetz  repdustyjohnson  petestauber .
it s border security and people have to ignore the rhetoric  it s people charged with securing our borders  they re .
 lindseygrahamsc  rockguy65  realdonaldtrump lets be specific there is no chaos on the california border it is texa .
q   immigration  border wall  etc      yourlegislators    mnleg.
 ilhanmn like the trump tax cut  building the border wall  securing the border  lowest unemployment  wages are incr .
 aoc then get your party to stop beating the dead dog    and get to work   like securing border   protecting american .
 veronicabaty  ritawewl  kaison8  yelgeb  yojimbo 2000  speakerpelosi  potus doesnt want a full border wall  he ne .
 lioncross1  nashvillepastor  mrsperrin  lifenewshq  ppfa rump and the gop had control of congress for two years an .
 zaphods50  independentforb  cnn dont get out much do you  theres already a wall along busy populated sections of .
 realjack i say our votes are attached to our tax bill and we pay for what we vote for  if one votes in favour of s .
 treacherouslogc  righthookusa  realdonaldtrump build the wall  deport the aliens in accordance with the law  ignor .
 stevetefft  righthookusa kinda hard to care about border security when the guy who promised to do has failed spect .
technically  obama fined those who couldn t afford obamacare   but how about you pay for what you vote for    you vot .
   then they got to a part of our yard where the top part of the wall border is replaced with a gate like thing  ju .


  window havepowaboot true bethonie butler bethonie butler reporter covering television pop culture email bio follow february 17 saturday night live surprisingly took president trump meandering news conference declaring national emergency southern border united states wall works wall makes safe alec baldwin trump said smart understand fact even easier understand smart snl kicked version news conference trump embellishing results recent physical still standing 6 7 185 pounds shredded baldwin deadpanned making case wall along southern border need wall okay tremendous amount drugs flowing country southern border brown line many people asked call see gotta fake emergency right want added really simple problem drugs coming country wall basically taking military money wall explained offering breathless vision might happen result national emergency declaration immediately sued ruling go favor end supreme court call buddy brett kavanaugh say time repay donny say new phone dis mueller report released crumbling house cards plead insanity months puzzle factory personal hell playing president finally spoof mirrored elements trump actual news conference baldwin trump declared love tariffs told reporter sit declined answer questions nbc reporter praising abc snl version trump said liked abc network airs marvel agents shield one reporter played heidi gardner asked question began much like one asked real news conference remarks today said new politics earlier administration said admission fact kind winging come doll learning said let forget technically first real job trump thought back time obama explained president oval office snl focused bite familiar targets thought obama joking said known know would told putin give job hillary instead next question read trump said found real collusion snl snl confronts virginia blackface scandal never funny cool 10 wonderfully weird snl sketches 2018 ranked .

  window havepowaboot true bethonie butler bethonie butler reporter covering television pop culture email bio follow february 17 saturday night live surprisingly took president trump meandering news conference declaring national emergency southern border united states wall works wall makes safe alec baldwin trump said smart understand fact even easier understand smart snl kicked version news conference trump embellishing results recent physical still standing 6 7 185 pounds shredded baldwin deadpanned making case wall along southern border need wall okay tremendous amount drugs flowing country southern border brown line many people asked call see gotta fake emergency right want added really simple problem drugs coming country wall basically taking military money wall explained offering breathless vision might happen result national emergency declaration immediately sued ruling go favor end supreme court call buddy brett kavanaugh say time repay donny say new phone dis mueller report released crumbling house cards plead insanity months puzzle factory personal hell playing president finally spoof mirrored elements trump actual news conference baldwin trump declared love tariffs told reporter sit declined answer questions nbc reporter praising abc snl version trump said liked abc network airs marvel agents shield one reporter played heidi gardner asked question began much like one asked real news conference remarks today said new politics earlier administration said admission fact kind winging come doll learning said let forget technically first real job trump thought back time obama explained president oval office snl focused bite familiar targets thought obama joking said known know would told putin give job hillary instead next question read trump said found real collusion snl snl confronts virginia blackface scandal never funny cool 10 wonderfully weird snl sketches 2018 ranked .

  window havepowaboot true bethonie butler bethonie butler reporter covering television pop culture email bio follow february 17 saturday night live surprisingly took president trump meandering news conference declaring national emergency southern border united states wall works wall makes safe alec baldwin trump said smart understand fact even easier understand smart snl kicked version news conference trump embellishing results recent physical still standing 6 7 185 pounds shredded baldwin deadpanned making case wall along southern border need wall okay tremendous amount drugs flowing country southern border brown line many people asked call see gotta fake emergency right want added really simple problem drugs coming country wall basically taking military money wall explained offering breathless vision might happen result national emergency declaration immediately sued ruling go favor end supreme court call buddy brett kavanaugh say time repay donny say new phone dis mueller report released crumbling house cards plead insanity months puzzle factory personal hell playing president finally spoof mirrored elements trump actual news conference baldwin trump declared love tariffs told reporter sit declined answer questions nbc reporter praising abc snl version trump said liked abc network airs marvel agents shield one reporter played heidi gardner asked question began much like one asked real news conference remarks today said new politics earlier administration said admission fact kind winging come doll learning said let forget technically first real job trump thought back time obama explained president oval office snl focused bite familiar targets thought obama joking said known know would told putin give job hillary instead next question read trump said found real collusion snl snl confronts virginia blackface scandal never funny cool 10 wonderfully weird snl sketches 2018 ranked .

  wait actually bought populist flim flam peddled campaign win mcnamee getty images greg sargent greg sargent opinion writer covering national politics email bio follow opinion writer february 3 2017 morning plum president trump war financial elites draining swamp gain burst new momentum friday trump set launch first major steps toward deregulating wall street post reports president trump plans order rollback friday regulations governing financial services industry wall street dodd frank law beyond white house source confirmed gary cohn white house economic council director told wall street journal interview published last night administration would also move regulation designed force retirement advisers work best interest clients fiduciary rule set take effect april designed eliminate conflicts interests among professionals dealing enrolled qualified retirement plans iras move set announcement white house meeting business leaders would line trump campaign pledge dismantle dodd frank act replace new policies encourage economic growth job creation attend protest tell us plan next shockingly trump white house version getting tough wall street deregulate post account notes trump try gut dodd frank dismantling modifying regulations possible executive action trump may also tame dodd frank consumer financial protection bureau replacing current head richard cordray someone less aggressive cracking big banks corporations accused misleading consumers window havepowaboot true sets stage broader legislative push republicans trump roll back dodd frank populist take elites also gives democrats opportunity presents new specific way press case trump transparency around holdings unprecedented welter conflicts interest possibilities corruption may creating trump transferred control holdings two sons retained ownership meaning nothing meaningful eliminate conflicts ethics watchdogs pointed congressional gop leadership total abdication meaningful oversight role trump means individual members congress democrats occasional principled republican want exercise oversight need try mount stand possible seizing individual initiatives demand transparency trump holdings might impacted initiatives calling release tax returns demanding accounting holdings wall street deregulation whether via trump executive actions right via gop legislation come provides good hook ethics experts told friday norm eisen chief ethics officer obama white house noted one potential area demanding transparency might debt banks proposes help eisen added effort let big banks run wild expected given mr trump unresolved conflicts time someone attacked australia thank president trump richard painter chief ethics watchdog president george w bush noted friday news provides hook demand disclosure trump debt corporations controls corporate level much disclosed financial disclosure reports deregulating banks told entitled know relationship banks industry deregulating painter added relationships might shed light trump real estate holdings might affected deregulation deregulation financial services lead bank loans real estate driving real estate prices painter said deregulation likely lead bubble real estate market past ups value real estate holdings trump organization could sell top market clear point trump deregulatory initiatives judged policy based affect holdings judged merits suspect serious analysis ultimately conclude put consumers greater risk make another financial crash likely rather point public right know president holdings might affected policies irrespective merits demerits policies goes question whose interests trump really looking even believe trump says look people interests americans still right know whether holdings affected order judge motives course trump probably ignore calls transparency congressional republicans probably care least trump likely deliver huge tax cuts deregulation want unique challenges moment require democrats occasional principled republican find new innovative ways waging guerrilla ethics warfare designed chip away opacity trump holdings protective wall congressional gop leaders built around drawing public attention cozy little arrangement friday news one place start european leaders increasingly worried trump new york times surveys view europe mounting anxiety trump america first ism seeming contempt international institutions hopes among european leaders mr trump bombastic tone candidate would somehow smooth temperate one commander chief dissipating replaced mounting sense anxiety puzzlement european leaders urging counterparts recognize mr trump may represent truly dire challenge one threatens upend 70 year european project integration security everything stand including liberal democracy course always easily justified saying 1 america longer taken advantage 2 trump unpredictable disruptive republicans struggle obamacare talking points post reports republicans increasingly inclined say going repair obamacare rather repeal replace yet third option rep greg walden chairman house energy commerce committee key architect gop health care plans favored yet another r word recent days rebuild bottom line republicans cannot create replacement make broader public wants keep major elements law conservatives want obliterate entirely happy time trump approval rating record low new cbs news poll finds 40 percent americans approve trump performance president far versus 48 percent disapprove cbs notes lowest president first inauguration since gallup poll began taking measures 1953 steve bannon tells us vast overwhelming majority americans silently rooting trumpism succeed public opposes trump immigration moves new cbs news poll also finds 51 percent oppose trump executive order temporarily banning entry migrants seven majority muslim countries versus 45 percent approve numbers identical 51 disapprove 45 approve trump temporary ban refugees great little nugget 36 percent agree ban entry majority muslim countries make u safer terrorism trump may deliver big promise religious right trump telling religious right destroy johnson amendment prevents tax exempt entities churches engaging politics mcclatchy raises good point highly probable votes senate overcome democratic filibuster still delivering supreme court justice wanted awhile least trump oddly quiet mosque attack adam taylor points trump tweeted constantly terrorist attacks world years said little nothing attack killed six quebec city mosque trump famed social media accounts attack quebec city appear mentioned trump often quickly clearly responded terror attacks foreign soil almost every case trump responding attack claimed militant islamist group attack quebec city appear carried muslim inspired islamic extremist ideology case victims muslims gosh could explain conway invents terrorist attack justify muslim ban msnbc last night kellyanne conway claimed obama administration banned iraqi refugees 2011 massacre bowling green ky zack beauchamp sets record straight pointing obama ban refugees never terrorist attack bowling green though conway alternative facts right money .

  felicia sonmez felicia sonmez national reporter washington post breaking political news team email bio follow december 16 2011 joshua roberts bloomberg house friday passed bill would keep federal government running next september sending measure senate hours ahead midnight shutdown deadline 1 trillion funding agreement fund three quarters federal government passed 296 121 vote 147 republicans 149 democrats voted yes 86 republicans 35 democrats opposed measure senate expected approve measure although timing upper chamber vote remains unclear leaders continue heated negotiations deal extend payroll tax cut key provisions expire end month passage bill appeared sure thing earlier week congressional leaders parties focused energies debating funding measure rather payroll tax cut keystone pipeline house earlier month passed proposal would couple extension payroll tax cut provisions measure would force decision pipeline move democrats white house rejected funding plan payroll tax debate became intertwined democrats withheld support former leaders reached deal latter senate majority leader harry reid nev minority leader mitch mcconnell r ky leading negotiations increasingly focused whether keystone pipeline provision included final payroll tax deal congress faces dec 31 deadline approve extension payroll tax holiday provisions house majority leader eric cantor r va said friday funding vote house would meet weekend date chamber returns next week depends progress payroll tax negotiations taking place senate colleagues painfully aware senate ability move quickly slowly wants difficult predict may need return said laughter applause lawmakers best guess earliest would return monday dec 19 assure colleagues provide least 24 hours notice prior scheduling votes house year house minority whip steny hoyer md cantor democratic counterpart took floor clarify understanding therefore intend leave year address house passed bill senate version thereof said cantor responded indicated earlier pending senate action indicated one really knows quickly slowly occur occur story updated .

  felicia sonmez felicia sonmez national reporter washington post breaking political news team email bio follow december 16 2011 joshua roberts bloomberg house friday passed bill would keep federal government running next september sending measure senate hours ahead midnight shutdown deadline 1 trillion funding agreement fund three quarters federal government passed 296 121 vote 147 republicans 149 democrats voted yes 86 republicans 35 democrats opposed measure senate expected approve measure although timing upper chamber vote remains unclear leaders continue heated negotiations deal extend payroll tax cut key provisions expire end month passage bill appeared sure thing earlier week congressional leaders parties focused energies debating funding measure rather payroll tax cut keystone pipeline house earlier month passed proposal would couple extension payroll tax cut provisions measure would force decision pipeline move democrats white house rejected funding plan payroll tax debate became intertwined democrats withheld support former leaders reached deal latter senate majority leader harry reid nev minority leader mitch mcconnell r ky leading negotiations increasingly focused whether keystone pipeline provision included final payroll tax deal congress faces dec 31 deadline approve extension payroll tax holiday provisions house majority leader eric cantor r va said friday funding vote house would meet weekend date chamber returns next week depends progress payroll tax negotiations taking place senate colleagues painfully aware senate ability move quickly slowly wants difficult predict may need return said laughter applause lawmakers best guess earliest would return monday dec 19 assure colleagues provide least 24 hours notice prior scheduling votes house year house minority whip steny hoyer md cantor democratic counterpart took floor clarify understanding therefore intend leave year address house passed bill senate version thereof said cantor responded indicated earlier pending senate action indicated one really knows quickly slowly occur occur story updated .

  felicia sonmez felicia sonmez national reporter washington post breaking political news team email bio follow march 30 2011 updated 12 20 p negotiations funding federal government continue fits starts ahead april 8 deadline house republican leaders wednesday announced plan pressure senate voting friday measure termed government shutdown prevention act bill says reiterates deadline senate act deadline american people expecting house majority leader eric cantor r va said wednesday morning news conference house republican leaders bill says senate act h r 1 house passed bill cuts 61 billion law land addition says else fails senate brings shutdown members get pay asked republicans law land claim jon summers spokesman senate majority leader harry reid nev noted measure would pass senate signed president order become law something likely happen maybe office negotiates speaker john boehner office rest people room could focus passing bills create jobs help struggling families rather focusing bill among things kills 700 000 jobs summers said house leaders gesture comes even reaching moderate democrats financial issues part effort avoid shutdown washington post paul kane reported wednesday deal would involve 30 billion cuts rest fiscal year less half amount initially demanded conservative freshmen republicans many elected tea party support senate already rejected h r 1 house passed bill would cut 61 billion current spending levels received 44 votes earlier month president obama also stated would veto measure reach desk asked measure facing democratic opposition passed one chamber could deemed law land cantor responded trying say indication senate interested changing status quo trying cut spending trying demonstrate american people republican house said look come work us cut spending two options either going keep spending way got raise taxes case show us tax increase plan join us cutting spending senate democrats countered wednesday noting amount cuts offered roughly amount house republican leaders sought earlier year conservatives party pushed number higher democrats offered republicans deal roughly levels endorsed last month republicans take yes answer senate democrats asked news release bow tea party demands gop measure would symbolic means house republicans demonstrate passed bill senate worth noting fact earlier budget talks sides agreed senate would vote h r 1 senate democratic plan knowing would fail order give party leaders leverage go back caucuses push compromise measure summary new house republican measure issued wednesday morning states 1 bill provides senate fails pass measure april 6 2011 providing appropriations departments agencies government remainder fiscal year 2011 h r 1 passed house feb 19 2011 becomes law 2 also provides event government shutdown excess 24 hours limitation debt united states reached salary payments disbursed members congress president days condition persists second point senate passed resolution earlier month would effect last month rep james moran va sponsored house version bill dubbed government shutdown fairness act measure 17 co sponsors wednesday including 16 democrats one republican .

  felicia sonmez felicia sonmez national reporter washington post breaking political news team email bio follow march 30 2011 updated 12 20 p negotiations funding federal government continue fits starts ahead april 8 deadline house republican leaders wednesday announced plan pressure senate voting friday measure termed government shutdown prevention act bill says reiterates deadline senate act deadline american people expecting house majority leader eric cantor r va said wednesday morning news conference house republican leaders bill says senate act h r 1 house passed bill cuts 61 billion law land addition says else fails senate brings shutdown members get pay asked republicans law land claim jon summers spokesman senate majority leader harry reid nev noted measure would pass senate signed president order become law something likely happen maybe office negotiates speaker john boehner office rest people room could focus passing bills create jobs help struggling families rather focusing bill among things kills 700 000 jobs summers said house leaders gesture comes even reaching moderate democrats financial issues part effort avoid shutdown washington post paul kane reported wednesday deal would involve 30 billion cuts rest fiscal year less half amount initially demanded conservative freshmen republicans many elected tea party support senate already rejected h r 1 house passed bill would cut 61 billion current spending levels received 44 votes earlier month president obama also stated would veto measure reach desk asked measure facing democratic opposition passed one chamber could deemed law land cantor responded trying say indication senate interested changing status quo trying cut spending trying demonstrate american people republican house said look come work us cut spending two options either going keep spending way got raise taxes case show us tax increase plan join us cutting spending senate democrats countered wednesday noting amount cuts offered roughly amount house republican leaders sought earlier year conservatives party pushed number higher democrats offered republicans deal roughly levels endorsed last month republicans take yes answer senate democrats asked news release bow tea party demands gop measure would symbolic means house republicans demonstrate passed bill senate worth noting fact earlier budget talks sides agreed senate would vote h r 1 senate democratic plan knowing would fail order give party leaders leverage go back caucuses push compromise measure summary new house republican measure issued wednesday morning states 1 bill provides senate fails pass measure april 6 2011 providing appropriations departments agencies government remainder fiscal year 2011 h r 1 passed house feb 19 2011 becomes law 2 also provides event government shutdown excess 24 hours limitation debt united states reached salary payments disbursed members congress president days condition persists second point senate passed resolution earlier month would effect last month rep james moran va sponsored house version bill dubbed government shutdown fairness act measure 17 co sponsors wednesday including 16 democrats one republican .

  washington post editors april 8 2011 rotunda u capitol seen friday evening feb 18 2011 j scott applewhite ap government narrowly avoided shutdown friday allowing federal workers return work schedule government agencies providing instructions employees preparation likely government shutdown collecting updates looking general information regarding government shutdown please see frequently asked questions list read postpolitics follow us facebook twitter get latest news updates budget impasse click sign newsletter click agency name see planning details event shutdown federal trade commission federal reserve environmental protection agency federal communications commission department health human services department transportation supreme court postal regulatory commission office management budget department labor national weather service federal aviation administration u patent office u department defense u department agriculture u state department federal housing administration u patent office veterans health administration education department u agency international development energy department department veterans affairs national archives government accountability office government printing office consumer products safety commission bueau engraving printing department justice census bureau bureau economic analysis economics statistics administration department homeland security interior department treasury department federal trade commission federal trade commission chairman jon leibowitz released following statement regarding potential government shutdown appears lapse funding late tonight wonderful agency along federal government shut want anyone leave work today without telling proud commission work every day protect america consumers ftc small agency work makes us mighty hope shutdown short lived impose hardship employees families back work helping consumers promoting competition soon thank hard work dedication service back top federal reserve board federal reserve funds iself earning remain open back top environmental protection agency environmental protection agency released detailed document regarding plans event government shutdown american federation government employees afge released statement outlinining shutdown occur nine every 10 u epa employees furloughed statement goes say 17 721 full part time employees agency estimates 804 woudl considered essential fall emergency exceptions allow employees carry activities like protecting life property meanwhile according afge another 856 would deemed exempted programs funded unexpired appropriations back top federal communications commission federal communications commission released detailed document outlining plans event government shutdown back top department health human services department health human services released two documents detailing plans event government shutdown first document details department plans second provides staffing details back top department transportation department transportation released detailed document detailing plans event government shutdown details include essential non essential personnel federal highway administration national highway traffic safety administration federal motor carrier safety administration federal aviation administration federal transit administration among others back top supreme court supreme court released short statement regarding preparations event government shutdown event lapse appropriations court continue conduct normal operations week april 11 statement said court building open public usual hours justices scheduled meet public next week however private conference scheduled april 15 orgal arguemtns scheduled resume april 18 supreme court remained open shutdowns 1995 1996 back top postal regulatory commission confused united postal service self funded remain operational government shutdown postal regulatory commission oversees postal service released detailed document outlining commission plans event government shutdown back top office management budget office management budget released detailed document outlining shutdown plan back top department labor department labor released detailed document detailing agency shutdown plans document breaks department department basis employees deemed essential back top national weather service national weather service employees organization released following statement government offices bracing possible shutdown april 9 due budget impasse congress national weather service forecasts watches warnings continue 24 hours day 7 days week basis financial matters fy11 budget resolved many employees national weather service considered essential report work large number co workers essential employee status furloughed employees positions integral weather service mission saving lives employees national weather service prepared go work guarantee payment paychecks delayed essential employees receive one employees considered non essential work presumably paycheck dedication takes one word describe national weather service said dan sobien president national weather service employees organization men women national weather service went field mission saving lives property carry mission need employees national weather service position essential regularly endure great hardships knowing careers lead great wealth love service others whether government shutdown back top federal aviation administration according agency official faa retain employees necessary keep national airspace system operating safely however non critical safety functions would suspended including aircraft certification development testing evaluation nextgen technologies budget administrative activities federal highway administration federal motor carrier safety administration unaffected funded resources highway trust fund federal railroad administration employees performing safety activities would continue working federal high speed rail work well policy development work suspended includes capital debt service grant payments amtrak official went say still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios back top u patent office u patent office remain open government shutdown agency released following statement event government shutdown april 9 2011 united states patent trademark office remain open continue operate usual fixed period uspto staff continuing work paid uspto maintains sufficient funding linked current fiscal year uspto stay open business enough available reserves remain operation six business days intend time continue process patent trademark applications drive country innovative economy shutdown continue longer six day period small staff continue work accept new applications maintain infrastructure among functions back top u department defense following statement deputy secretary defense william j lynn iii dod workforce regarding plans event shutdown department remains hopeful government shutdown averted president made clear want government shutdown administration working find solution sides agree however prudent management requires plan orderly shutdown congress unable pass funding bill current funding expires april 8 president secretary know uncertainty current situation puts federal employees difficult position much aware shutdown would impose hardships military civilian personnel well military families approach expiration current continuing resolution provide updated information soon becomes available want provide information potential shutdown occur impact military civilian personnel department defense dod operations shutdown operations activities essential safety protection human life protection national security excepted shutting dod continue conduct activities support national security including operations iraq afghanistan japan libya related support operations operations activities essential security nation department must also continue provide safety human life protection property excepted activities include inpatient essential outpatient care dod medical treatment facilities emergency dental care non appropriated funds activities mess halls child care activities certain legal activities support ongoing litigation legal assistance deployed dod personnel contracting logistics operations support excepted activities certain education training activities include dod education activity schools financial management activities necessary ensure control accountability funds absence appropriations non excepted activities already fully funded need shut orderly fashion accordance existing laws regulations issue detailed guidance department regarding specific activities considered excepted non excepted however secretary understand military departments defense agencies individual commanders must tailor guidance many different situations around world therefore government shutdown dod personnel informed chain command shutdown may affect personally duty status military personnel subject furlough report duty normal shutdown reserve component personnel refer dod contingency guidance document chain command specific information civilian personnel deemed performing excepted activities continue work period shutdown government shutdown beginning saturday april 9 dod personnel still report work next scheduled duty day beginning normal duty hours receive additional instructions civilians briefed supervisors friday april 8 whether work responsibilities fall excepted non excepted status defined applicable laws regulations excepted status categories outlined dod contingency guidance document distributed chain command work responsibilities non excepted needed carry excepted work responsibilities employees furloughed non pay status furloughed employees may telework volunteer work generally contractors performing work contracts funded prior shutdown whether supporting excepted activities may continue working paid obligated funds subject direction contracting officer new contracts increases funding existing contracts needed support excepted activities may entered period shutdown payments contracts cannot made congress provides additional funding contract personnel also report work monday april 11 briefed status military civilian retiree pay government shuts due absence funding dod funds pay military members civilian employees days government shut however military civilian personnel receive pay period worked prior shutdown military personnel civilians occupying excepted status positions required work entitled paid work performed shutdown paid retroactively department receives additional funding congress would provide authority order department retroactively pay non excepted employees furloughed period military retirees annuitants paid annually appropriated funds therefore benefits continue without interruption additional resources office personnel management opm created document address questions know must mind document accessed opm provide additional pertinent information federal employees week progresses department leadership best provide clear information status events week progresses additional information regarding military dod civilian pay leave dod policies applicable potential shutdown posted department main website soon becomes available thanks hard work dedication department defense provides critical services american public contributions touch people lives many significant ways want know deeply appreciate dedication expertise decisions concerning functions excepted excepted based government wide legal regulatory policy guidance well best judgment reconcile national security requirements limitations imposed government shutdown fact certain functions excepted certain personnel may subject furlough taken statement secretary department value functions employees thank continued service department nation back top u department agriculture received following information agency official familiar agency plans still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios agency operational plans still finalized event government shutdown usda activities would shut significantly reduced usda employees would furloughed however certain usda activities would continue related law enforcement protection life property financed available funding user fees include meat poultry egg inspection services grain commodity inspection weighing grading services funded user fees inspections import export activities prevent introduction dissemination pests u forest service law enforcement fire suppression efforts addition funds made available continue women infants children child nutrition programs june supplemental nutrition assistance program sufficient funding allow benefits continue may usda activities would continued government shutdown activities include farm loans farm payments provision conservation technical financial assistance provision new rural development loans grants housing community facilities utilities businesses agricultural export credit agricultural trade development monitoring activities national forest system recreation sites across u require forest service employee stay open would closed public market news reports nass statistics agricultural economic statistical reports projections would discontinued investigation packers stockyards related fraudulent anti competitive activities assistance control plant animal pests diseases would discontinued research facilities would closed except care animals plants departmental management administrative oversight functions including civil rights human resources financial management audit legal information technology activities would discontinued severely curtailed back top u state department overseas overwhelming majority u diplomats considered essential personnel expected remain posts according officials familiar plans exceptions include lower ranking administrative embassy staff members many american many u agency international development operations expected continue normal agency relies many contractors back top federal highway administration fha expected stay open shutdown back top u patent trademark office u patent trademark office expected stay open shutdown back top veterans health administration vha expected stay open shutdown back top department education education department 4 150 4 465 full part time employees would furloughed shutdown according agency contingency plan back top u agency international development updated 8 53 et 4 8 2011 recevied following message usaid administrator raj shah regarding thea agency plan event government shutdown e x e c u v e e g e subject memorandum employees throughout discussions funding rest fiscal year president made clear want government shutdown administration working day night find solution sides agree given realities calendar however prudent management requires plan orderly shutdown congress unable pass funding bill president know uncertainty current situation puts federal employees difficult position much aware shutdown would impose hardships many employees well groups individuals usaid serves approach expiration current cr provide updated information soon becomes available want provide information potential shutdown occur impact federal employees soon funding lapses federal departments agencies permitted incur financial obligations performing activities funded annual appropriations except related orderly suspension operations performance excepted activities means employees furloughed unable work contingency planning potential funding lapse includes determining agency functions excepted furlough become necessary implement contingency plans receive formal notice manager later friday april 8th regarding designation position furlough status office personnel management opm created document toaddress questions know must mind document accessed www opm gov furlough2011 opm provide additional pertinent information federal employees week progresses best provide clear information status events week progresses established e mail box questions addressed opm website noted thanks hard work dedication usaid delivering results around world ultimately american public contributions touch people lives many significant ways want know deeply appreciate dedication expertise thank continued service usaid nation sincerely raj shah administrator also received statement chief operating officer sean carroll shutdown occur usaid development work behalf partners around world would significantly curtailed interests national security humanitarian response continue much work countries afghanistan egypt haiti iraq japan libya pakistan sudan less 20 permanent staff duty agency headquarters less full staff contingents missions abroad development partners would suffer us citizens partners would able access development library resources efforts help us small disadvantaged businesses participate development work would temporarily halted many usaid sponsored international partner activities critical development issues would cancelled hope government shutdown averted averted short lived dedicated staff continue working development fronts global health food security democracy governance inclusive economic growth education climate change mitigation others national security interests back top energy department employees would report work scheduled agency maintains enough funding linked fiscal calendar continue operating least days back top department veterans affairs received following department official familiar agency plans administration expressed still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios agency operational plans still finalized current understanding following thanks advance appropriations two year budget cycle va continue provide 100 percent health care services enrolled veterans va medical facilities across country veterans medical appointments canceled delayed event partial government wide shut advance appropriations received congress accounts 80 va discretionary appropriations reduction benefits staffing va taken measures ensure short term veterans currently receiving va benefits continue receive payments timely basis without interruption va also continue provide final resting places national cemeteries event partial government wide shutdown cemeteries may operate modified schedule va services may suspended event partial government wide shut involve answering consumer inquiries e mail telephone mail routine recruiting hiring training fraud investigations va provide veterans field guide detailed analysis impact benefits services shut occurs event shut ask veterans keep monitoring va web site additional information including frequently asked questions correspondence leadership team back top national archives event shutdown security minimal support staff would allowed work activities related archives work presidential libraries would also disrupted back top government printing office government shut skeleton staff expected stay print copies congressional record white house documents back top government accountability office government shut less 1 percent employees would allowed work start back top consumer products safety commission following letter cpsc commissioner inez tenenbaum employees throughout discussions funding rest fiscal year president made clear want government shutdown administration willing ready work day night find solution sides agree given realities calendar however prudent management requires plan orderly shutdown congress unable pass funding bill understand uncertainty current situation puts true public servants like difficult position much aware shutdown would impose hardships many well consumers serve approach expiration current cr senior management provide updated information soon becomes available want provide information potential shutdown occur impact soon funding lapses federal departments agencies permitted incur financial obligations performing activities funded annual appropriations except related orderly suspension operations performance excepted activities unfortunately means many would furloughed unable work contingency planning potential funding lapse includes determining agency functions excepted furlough become necessary implement contingency plans receive formal notice manager later friday april 8th regarding designation position furlough status office personnel management opm created document address questions know must mind document accessed www opm gov furlough2011 opm provide additional pertinent information federal employees week progresses senior management also best provide clear information status events week progresses cannot thank enough hard work dedication service provide american public contributions save people lives touch people lives many significant ways want know deeply appreciate dedication expertise thank continued service cpsc nation back top bureau engraving printing bureau remain open government shutdown includes tours back top department justice following statement justice department spokeswoman tracy schmaler justice department operational plans still finalized still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios event government shutdown department justice critical national security law enforcement prison operations operations necessary safely protect life property continue department highest priority protecting national security continue uninterrupted shutdown fbi personnel field continue work department ready respond contingencies might arise time department continue carry traditional law enforcement functions shutdown including efforts combat drug trafficking gun violence 116 federal prisons remain open prison staff continue work since direct daily inmate custody responsibilities within department main headquarters u attorneys offices across country criminal litigation continue without interruption activity essential safety human life protection property government shutdown department forced stop significantly curtail array different activities services national impact including civil litigation community outreach victims crime processing grants back top census bureau bureau economic analysis economics statistics administration census bureau operational plans still finalized however current understanding within agency census bureau bureau economic analysis economics statistics administration would closed event government shutdown result economic indicators scheduled release available agency staff hopeful shutdown avoided working ensure agency prepared possible scenarios back top department homeland security post reporters received .

  current understanding dhs frontline security law enforcement personnel. washington post editors april 8 2011 rotunda u capitol seen friday evening feb 18 2011 j scott applewhite ap government narrowly avoided shutdown friday allowing federal workers return work schedule government agencies providing instructions employees preparation likely government shutdown collecting updates looking general information regarding government shutdown please see frequently asked questions list read postpolitics follow us facebook twitter get latest news updates budget impasse click sign newsletter click agency name see planning details event shutdown federal trade commission federal reserve environmental protection agency federal communications commission department health human services department transportation supreme court postal regulatory commission office management budget department labor national weather service federal aviation administration u patent office u department defense u department agriculture u state department federal housing administration u patent office veterans health administration education department u agency international development energy department department veterans affairs national archives government accountability office government printing office consumer products safety commission bueau engraving printing department justice census bureau bureau economic analysis economics statistics administration department homeland security interior department treasury department federal trade commission federal trade commission chairman jon leibowitz released following statement regarding potential government shutdown appears lapse funding late tonight wonderful agency along federal government shut want anyone leave work today without telling proud commission work every day protect america consumers ftc small agency work makes us mighty hope shutdown short lived impose hardship employees families back work helping consumers promoting competition soon thank hard work dedication service back top federal reserve board federal reserve funds iself earning remain open back top environmental protection agency environmental protection agency released detailed document regarding plans event government shutdown american federation government employees afge released statement outlinining shutdown occur nine every 10 u epa employees furloughed statement goes say 17 721 full part time employees agency estimates 804 woudl considered essential fall emergency exceptions allow employees carry activities like protecting life property meanwhile according afge another 856 would deemed exempted programs funded unexpired appropriations back top federal communications commission federal communications commission released detailed document outlining plans event government shutdown back top department health human services department health human services released two documents detailing plans event government shutdown first document details department plans second provides staffing details back top department transportation department transportation released detailed document detailing plans event government shutdown details include essential non essential personnel federal highway administration national highway traffic safety administration federal motor carrier safety administration federal aviation administration federal transit administration among others back top supreme court supreme court released short statement regarding preparations event government shutdown event lapse appropriations court continue conduct normal operations week april 11 statement said court building open public usual hours justices scheduled meet public next week however private conference scheduled april 15 orgal arguemtns scheduled resume april 18 supreme court remained open shutdowns 1995 1996 back top postal regulatory commission confused united postal service self funded remain operational government shutdown postal regulatory commission oversees postal service released detailed document outlining commission plans event government shutdown back top office management budget office management budget released detailed document outlining shutdown plan back top department labor department labor released detailed document detailing agency shutdown plans document breaks department department basis employees deemed essential back top national weather service national weather service employees organization released following statement government offices bracing possible shutdown april 9 due budget impasse congress national weather service forecasts watches warnings continue 24 hours day 7 days week basis financial matters fy11 budget resolved many employees national weather service considered essential report work large number co workers essential employee status furloughed employees positions integral weather service mission saving lives employees national weather service prepared go work guarantee payment paychecks delayed essential employees receive one employees considered non essential work presumably paycheck dedication takes one word describe national weather service said dan sobien president national weather service employees organization men women national weather service went field mission saving lives property carry mission need employees national weather service position essential regularly endure great hardships knowing careers lead great wealth love service others whether government shutdown back top federal aviation administration according agency official faa retain employees necessary keep national airspace system operating safely however non critical safety functions would suspended including aircraft certification development testing evaluation nextgen technologies budget administrative activities federal highway administration federal motor carrier safety administration unaffected funded resources highway trust fund federal railroad administration employees performing safety activities would continue working federal high speed rail work well policy development work suspended includes capital debt service grant payments amtrak official went say still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios back top u patent office u patent office remain open government shutdown agency released following statement event government shutdown april 9 2011 united states patent trademark office remain open continue operate usual fixed period uspto staff continuing work paid uspto maintains sufficient funding linked current fiscal year uspto stay open business enough available reserves remain operation six business days intend time continue process patent trademark applications drive country innovative economy shutdown continue longer six day period small staff continue work accept new applications maintain infrastructure among functions back top u department defense following statement deputy secretary defense william j lynn iii dod workforce regarding plans event shutdown department remains hopeful government shutdown averted president made clear want government shutdown administration working find solution sides agree however prudent management requires plan orderly shutdown congress unable pass funding bill current funding expires april 8 president secretary know uncertainty current situation puts federal employees difficult position much aware shutdown would impose hardships military civilian personnel well military families approach expiration current continuing resolution provide updated information soon becomes available want provide information potential shutdown occur impact military civilian personnel department defense dod operations shutdown operations activities essential safety protection human life protection national security excepted shutting dod continue conduct activities support national security including operations iraq afghanistan japan libya related support operations operations activities essential security nation department must also continue provide safety human life protection property excepted activities include inpatient essential outpatient care dod medical treatment facilities emergency dental care non appropriated funds activities mess halls child care activities certain legal activities support ongoing litigation legal assistance deployed dod personnel contracting logistics operations support excepted activities certain education training activities include dod education activity schools financial management activities necessary ensure control accountability funds absence appropriations non excepted activities already fully funded need shut orderly fashion accordance existing laws regulations issue detailed guidance department regarding specific activities considered excepted non excepted however secretary understand military departments defense agencies individual commanders must tailor guidance many different situations around world therefore government shutdown dod personnel informed chain command shutdown may affect personally duty status military personnel subject furlough report duty normal shutdown reserve component personnel refer dod contingency guidance document chain command specific information civilian personnel deemed performing excepted activities continue work period shutdown government shutdown beginning saturday april 9 dod personnel still report work next scheduled duty day beginning normal duty hours receive additional instructions civilians briefed supervisors friday april 8 whether work responsibilities fall excepted non excepted status defined applicable laws regulations excepted status categories outlined dod contingency guidance document distributed chain command work responsibilities non excepted needed carry excepted work responsibilities employees furloughed non pay status furloughed employees may telework volunteer work generally contractors performing work contracts funded prior shutdown whether supporting excepted activities may continue working paid obligated funds subject direction contracting officer new contracts increases funding existing contracts needed support excepted activities may entered period shutdown payments contracts cannot made congress provides additional funding contract personnel also report work monday april 11 briefed status military civilian retiree pay government shuts due absence funding dod funds pay military members civilian employees days government shut however military civilian personnel receive pay period worked prior shutdown military personnel civilians occupying excepted status positions required work entitled paid work performed shutdown paid retroactively department receives additional funding congress would provide authority order department retroactively pay non excepted employees furloughed period military retirees annuitants paid annually appropriated funds therefore benefits continue without interruption additional resources office personnel management opm created document address questions know must mind document accessed opm provide additional pertinent information federal employees week progresses department leadership best provide clear information status events week progresses additional information regarding military dod civilian pay leave dod policies applicable potential shutdown posted department main website soon becomes available thanks hard work dedication department defense provides critical services american public contributions touch people lives many significant ways want know deeply appreciate dedication expertise decisions concerning functions excepted excepted based government wide legal regulatory policy guidance well best judgment reconcile national security requirements limitations imposed government shutdown fact certain functions excepted certain personnel may subject furlough taken statement secretary department value functions employees thank continued service department nation back top u department agriculture received following information agency official familiar agency plans still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios agency operational plans still finalized event government shutdown usda activities would shut significantly reduced usda employees would furloughed however certain usda activities would continue related law enforcement protection life property financed available funding user fees include meat poultry egg inspection services grain commodity inspection weighing grading services funded user fees inspections import export activities prevent introduction dissemination pests u forest service law enforcement fire suppression efforts addition funds made available continue women infants children child nutrition programs june supplemental nutrition assistance program sufficient funding allow benefits continue may usda activities would continued government shutdown activities include farm loans farm payments provision conservation technical financial assistance provision new rural development loans grants housing community facilities utilities businesses agricultural export credit agricultural trade development monitoring activities national forest system recreation sites across u require forest service employee stay open would closed public market news reports nass statistics agricultural economic statistical reports projections would discontinued investigation packers stockyards related fraudulent anti competitive activities assistance control plant animal pests diseases would discontinued research facilities would closed except care animals plants departmental management administrative oversight functions including civil rights human resources financial management audit legal information technology activities would discontinued severely curtailed back top u state department overseas overwhelming majority u diplomats considered essential personnel expected remain posts according officials familiar plans exceptions include lower ranking administrative embassy staff members many american many u agency international development operations expected continue normal agency relies many contractors back top federal highway administration fha expected stay open shutdown back top u patent trademark office u patent trademark office expected stay open shutdown back top veterans health administration vha expected stay open shutdown back top department education education department 4 150 4 465 full part time employees would furloughed shutdown according agency contingency plan back top u agency international development updated 8 53 et 4 8 2011 recevied following message usaid administrator raj shah regarding thea agency plan event government shutdown e x e c u v e e g e subject memorandum employees throughout discussions funding rest fiscal year president made clear want government shutdown administration working day night find solution sides agree given realities calendar however prudent management requires plan orderly shutdown congress unable pass funding bill president know uncertainty current situation puts federal employees difficult position much aware shutdown would impose hardships many employees well groups individuals usaid serves approach expiration current cr provide updated information soon becomes available want provide information potential shutdown occur impact federal employees soon funding lapses federal departments agencies permitted incur financial obligations performing activities funded annual appropriations except related orderly suspension operations performance excepted activities means employees furloughed unable work contingency planning potential funding lapse includes determining agency functions excepted furlough become necessary implement contingency plans receive formal notice manager later friday april 8th regarding designation position furlough status office personnel management opm created document toaddress questions know must mind document accessed www opm gov furlough2011 opm provide additional pertinent information federal employees week progresses best provide clear information status events week progresses established e mail box questions addressed opm website noted thanks hard work dedication usaid delivering results around world ultimately american public contributions touch people lives many significant ways want know deeply appreciate dedication expertise thank continued service usaid nation sincerely raj shah administrator also received statement chief operating officer sean carroll shutdown occur usaid development work behalf partners around world would significantly curtailed interests national security humanitarian response continue much work countries afghanistan egypt haiti iraq japan libya pakistan sudan less 20 permanent staff duty agency headquarters less full staff contingents missions abroad development partners would suffer us citizens partners would able access development library resources efforts help us small disadvantaged businesses participate development work would temporarily halted many usaid sponsored international partner activities critical development issues would cancelled hope government shutdown averted averted short lived dedicated staff continue working development fronts global health food security democracy governance inclusive economic growth education climate change mitigation others national security interests back top energy department employees would report work scheduled agency maintains enough funding linked fiscal calendar continue operating least days back top department veterans affairs received following department official familiar agency plans administration expressed still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios agency operational plans still finalized current understanding following thanks advance appropriations two year budget cycle va continue provide 100 percent health care services enrolled veterans va medical facilities across country veterans medical appointments canceled delayed event partial government wide shut advance appropriations received congress accounts 80 va discretionary appropriations reduction benefits staffing va taken measures ensure short term veterans currently receiving va benefits continue receive payments timely basis without interruption va also continue provide final resting places national cemeteries event partial government wide shutdown cemeteries may operate modified schedule va services may suspended event partial government wide shut involve answering consumer inquiries e mail telephone mail routine recruiting hiring training fraud investigations va provide veterans field guide detailed analysis impact benefits services shut occurs event shut ask veterans keep monitoring va web site additional information including frequently asked questions correspondence leadership team back top national archives event shutdown security minimal support staff would allowed work activities related archives work presidential libraries would also disrupted back top government printing office government shut skeleton staff expected stay print copies congressional record white house documents back top government accountability office government shut less 1 percent employees would allowed work start back top consumer products safety commission following letter cpsc commissioner inez tenenbaum employees throughout discussions funding rest fiscal year president made clear want government shutdown administration willing ready work day night find solution sides agree given realities calendar however prudent management requires plan orderly shutdown congress unable pass funding bill understand uncertainty current situation puts true public servants like difficult position much aware shutdown would impose hardships many well consumers serve approach expiration current cr senior management provide updated information soon becomes available want provide information potential shutdown occur impact soon funding lapses federal departments agencies permitted incur financial obligations performing activities funded annual appropriations except related orderly suspension operations performance excepted activities unfortunately means many would furloughed unable work contingency planning potential funding lapse includes determining agency functions excepted furlough become necessary implement contingency plans receive formal notice manager later friday april 8th regarding designation position furlough status office personnel management opm created document address questions know must mind document accessed www opm gov furlough2011 opm provide additional pertinent information federal employees week progresses senior management also best provide clear information status events week progresses cannot thank enough hard work dedication service provide american public contributions save people lives touch people lives many significant ways want know deeply appreciate dedication expertise thank continued service cpsc nation back top bureau engraving printing bureau remain open government shutdown includes tours back top department justice following statement justice department spokeswoman tracy schmaler justice department operational plans still finalized still believe opportunity avoid government shutdown working ensure prepared possible scenarios event government shutdown department justice critical national security law enforcement prison operations operations necessary safely protect life property continue department highest priority protecting national security continue uninterrupted shutdown fbi personnel field continue work department ready respond contingencies might arise time department continue carry traditional law enforcement functions shutdown including efforts combat drug trafficking gun violence 116 federal prisons remain open prison staff continue work since direct daily inmate custody responsibilities within department main headquarters u attorneys offices across country criminal litigation continue without interruption activity essential safety human life protection property government shutdown department forced stop significantly curtail array different activities services national impact including civil litigation community outreach victims crime processing grants back top census bureau bureau economic analysis economics statistics administration census bureau operational plans still finalized however current understanding within agency census bureau bureau economic analysis economics statistics administration would closed event government shutdown result economic indicators scheduled release available agency staff hopeful shutdown avoided working ensure agency prepared possible scenarios back top department homeland security post reporters received .

  current understanding dhs frontline security law enforcement personnel. ed keefe ed keefe reporter focused congress national politics federal government bio follow december 14 2011 obama administration alerting employees possibility partial government shutdown talks bills fund government extend payroll tax cut collapse later week congress facing midnight friday deadline either pass short term final measure fund government operations remainder fiscal year cabinet secretaries agency heads planned send e mail message workers close business wednesday informing shutdown could occur according multiple administration officials familiar plans shutdown would apply wide swath agencies departments already full year funding place thanks partial spending bill passed november including departments agriculture commerce house urban development justice state transportation nasa smaller agencies covered separate appropriations measures statement office management budget spokesman kenneth baer said wednesday reason government shut congress could act quickly pass short long term spending measure baer said seven times already year view photo gallery look defining moments 2011 need prepared contingency baer said agencies informing workers e mail one example messages sent federal workers wednesday interior department told staffers funding lapse occur bargaining unit employees engaged one excepted functions placed furlough status message said decisions essential workers functions would continue shutdown would made begins officials said official guidance contingency operations generally requires anyone working issues related public health safety keep working congress passed two short term spending measures keep government running since fiscal year began oct 1 lawmakers expected week release long term spending measure keep government functional september yet republicans insisted tuesday tentative deal democrats appropriations committee fund government next september republican leaders charged tuesday white house senate majority leader harry reid nev instructed lawmakers brokered pact withhold final signatures report would send deal vote votes held extension payroll tax federal agencies issued similar warnings workers early april congress white house faced similar funding impasse warnings came days uncertainty complaints federal workers union leaders administration keeping dark potential contingency plans many employees also complained receive formal communications regarding contingency plans timely manner william r dougan president national federation federal employees said shutdown would devastating federal workers agencies funding yet approved congress federal workers spend holidays worrying make next mortgage payment simply congress get act together dougan said statement federal employees indeed americans deserve better government follow ed keefe twitter edatpost fedpage postpolitics obama five paths election gingrich gop bomb thrower perry kicks iowa bus tour gingrich aide mormon comments .

  ed keefe ed keefe reporter focused congress national politics federal government bio follow december 14 2011 obama administration alerting employees possibility partial government shutdown talks bills fund government extend payroll tax cut collapse later week congress facing midnight friday deadline either pass short term final measure fund government operations remainder fiscal year cabinet secretaries agency heads planned send e mail message workers close business wednesday informing shutdown could occur according multiple administration officials familiar plans shutdown would apply wide swath agencies departments already full year funding place thanks partial spending bill passed november including departments agriculture commerce house urban development justice state transportation nasa smaller agencies covered separate appropriations measures statement office management budget spokesman kenneth baer said wednesday reason government shut congress could act quickly pass short long term spending measure baer said seven times already year view photo gallery look defining moments 2011 need prepared contingency baer said agencies informing workers e mail one example messages sent federal workers wednesday interior department told staffers funding lapse occur bargaining unit employees engaged one excepted functions placed furlough status message said decisions essential workers functions would continue shutdown would made begins officials said official guidance contingency operations generally requires anyone working issues related public health safety keep working congress passed two short term spending measures keep government running since fiscal year began oct 1 lawmakers expected week release long term spending measure keep government functional september yet republicans insisted tuesday tentative deal democrats appropriations committee fund government next september republican leaders charged tuesday white house senate majority leader harry reid nev instructed lawmakers brokered pact withhold final signatures report would send deal vote votes held extension payroll tax federal agencies issued similar warnings workers early april congress white house faced similar funding impasse warnings came days uncertainty complaints federal workers union leaders administration keeping dark potential contingency plans many employees also complained receive formal communications regarding contingency plans timely manner william r dougan president national federation federal employees said shutdown would devastating federal workers agencies funding yet approved congress federal workers spend holidays worrying make next mortgage payment simply congress get act together dougan said statement federal employees indeed americans deserve better government follow ed keefe twitter edatpost fedpage postpolitics obama five paths election gingrich gop bomb thrower perry kicks iowa bus tour gingrich aide mormon comments .

  peyton craighill peyton craighill bio march 30 2011 new polling government shutdown forty two percent would blame president obama democrats congress 37 percent republicans congress event shutdown reports new nbc news wall street journal poll 76 percent said agreement would reached according poll ended april 4 democrats independents prefer compromise budget 71 23 percent republicans would rather party leaders stick positions 56 38 percent gallup poll finds similar results compromise question six 10 democrats independents prefer compromise budget plan bare majority republicans want representatives hold basic budget plan want even means government shuts seven point margin people one night poll april 5 see obama democrats better job republicans current negotiations 41 34 percent public splits 45 42 percent trusting obama republicans making right cuts government spending make difference budget deficit new fox news poll closely tracks washington post abc news poll mid march found 43 percent trusting obama 42 percent republicans balacing cuts keeping necessary spending also fox poll 62 26 percent people would vote raise debt limit cause shutdown congress blame shutdown may right frame reference according march polling washington post abc news reported gary langer 31 percent would consider shutdown good thing rising 55 percent among tea party supporters 2012 obama nbc wsj gop 2012 mitt romney mike huckabee donald trump top field among potential republican primary voters nationally quinnipiac florida poll tough going obama among florida registered voters less majority approval tight race generic gop candidate slim majority says deserve election gallup obama approval combined daily tracking march obama job approval among african america moves 85 percent new low among hispanics 54 percent approve matching low holds steady among whites 39 percent approval ratings pew nbc wsj finds obama 92 88 percent among african americans new data fox news libya 62 percent oppose u military getting involved situation libya little changed mid march pew weekly news interest increasing numbers hearing bad news gas prices prices food consumer goods sharp drop people hearing bad news job situation bloomberg consumer confort index ticked second straight week amid positive jobs report .

  peyton craighill peyton craighill bio march 30 2011 new polling government shutdown forty two percent would blame president obama democrats congress 37 percent republicans congress event shutdown reports new nbc news wall street journal poll 76 percent said agreement would reached according poll ended april 4 democrats independents prefer compromise budget 71 23 percent republicans would rather party leaders stick positions 56 38 percent gallup poll finds similar results compromise question six 10 democrats independents prefer compromise budget plan bare majority republicans want representatives hold basic budget plan want even means government shuts seven point margin people one night poll april 5 see obama democrats better job republicans current negotiations 41 34 percent public splits 45 42 percent trusting obama republicans making right cuts government spending make difference budget deficit new fox news poll closely tracks washington post abc news poll mid march found 43 percent trusting obama 42 percent republicans balacing cuts keeping necessary spending also fox poll 62 26 percent people would vote raise debt limit cause shutdown congress blame shutdown may right frame reference according march polling washington post abc news reported gary langer 31 percent would consider shutdown good thing rising 55 percent among tea party supporters 2012 obama nbc wsj gop 2012 mitt romney mike huckabee donald trump top field among potential republican primary voters nationally quinnipiac florida poll tough going obama among florida registered voters less majority approval tight race generic gop candidate slim majority says deserve election gallup obama approval combined daily tracking march obama job approval among african america moves 85 percent new low among hispanics 54 percent approve matching low holds steady among whites 39 percent approval ratings pew nbc wsj finds obama 92 88 percent among african americans new data fox news libya 62 percent oppose u military getting involved situation libya little changed mid march pew weekly news interest increasing numbers hearing bad news gas prices prices food consumer goods sharp drop people hearing bad news job situation bloomberg consumer confort index ticked second straight week amid positive jobs report .

  ed keefe ed keefe reporter focused congress national politics federal government bio follow april 5 2011 look scuplture outside u capitol says ron edmonds ap instructions updated issued tuesday evening office personnel management issued updated guidance shutdown even one day would impact worker bottom line read full guidance federal eye read summarizes question furlough answer according opm official guidance furlough placing employee temporary nonduty nonpay status lack work funds nondisciplinary reasons q shutdown furlough one necessary shutdown furlough occurs federal funding runs necessary agencies longer funds necessary keep working q essential worker note opm labels employees work shutdown excepted employees people working may continue law essential excepted employees include people 1 performing emergency work involving safety human life protection property 2 performing minimal activities necessary execute orderly suspension agency operations related non excepted activities 3 performing certain types excepted work top agency lawyers managers determining considered essential non essential workers may excepted shutdown furlough agency program covered appropriations impacted current budget impasse best examples federal highway administration funded federal highway trust fund veterans health administration also handled two year budget cycle q employees notified whether designated handling excepted non excepted functions answer agency communicate employees whether essential non essential q employees qualify emergency employees purpose weather emergencies considered essential shutdown necessarily emergency employees weather purposes automatically deemed essential shutdowns agency must determine employees excepted employees q may employees volunteer job without pay shutdown unless otherwise authorized law agency may accept voluntary services employee anti deficiency act law prohibiting voluntary work q workers take another job furloughed even furloughed still federal employee executive branch ethics regarding outside employment still apply employees review regulations applying elsewhere q paid work shutdown agencies sort gets paid time worked shutdown employees paid congress passes president signs new appropriation continuing resolution q furloughed non essential employees paid working shutdown congress determine whether non essential workers receive pay furlough period q non esential workers take previously approved paid leave shutdown paid leave shutdown furlough period must canceled requirement furlough supersedes leave rights paid leave creates debt government authorized law q essential personnel take previously approved leave granted new requests paid leave shutdown essential personnel must either job furloughed absence work shutdown excepted employee refuses report work ordered considered absence without leave awol subject subsequent consequences q employee continue covered federal employee health benefits fehb program shutdown furlough agency unable make premium payments time yes employee fehb coverage continue even agency make premium payments time q effect furlough benefits paid payroll deductions varies best thing visit information q employees entitled unemployment compensation furlough possible furloughed employees may become eligible unemployment compensation state unemployment compensation requirements differ require one week waiting period apply contact state government directly visit labor department unemployment compensation federal employees information page read full opm guidance questions answered ask comments section related federal eye government shutdown coverage .

  fritz hahn fritz hahn reporter covering bars drinks nightlife washington post weekend section email bio follow october 7 2013 post originally published monday sept 30 3 15 p federal government shut local bars trying make sure unpaid workers go hungry thirsty update list hear specials bars restaurants want included shoot details fritz hahn washpost com important note many deals offered earlier week ended others last week remove deals expire 1905 anyone furloughed take advantage 1905 shutdown sausage platter artisanal sausage three sides beer 15 201 bar 201 bar offers 4 mystery beers 15 growlers day every day shutdown resolved art soul art soul extend happy hour hour meaning ends 8 p instead 7 anyone government id shutdown deals include 4 regional draft beers 5 small plates 7 cocktails wine glass bar also pick tab second drink astro doughnuts fried chicken federal district government workers sweet tooth get free doughnut doughnut chicken purchase show employee id austin grill happy hour specials offered day anyone government id furlough notice long shutdown lasts bandolero get 6 house margaritas pair tacos 5 duration shutdown federal id required bardo beer garden first beer free show government work id boundary road day shutdown happy hour includes 5 local beers 3 stars atlas port city presentation government id brasserie beck show federal military id get two course lunch 20 2 shots made jack daniels whiskey punt e mes vermouth brixton u street bar opens large rooftop daily 1 p grilling hot dogs burgers veggie burgers drink specials 4 furlough punch capitol lounge popular hangout congressional staffers get popular show government id door get ticket good beer tap deal runs long shutdown cashion eat place adams morgan restaurant half price appetizers happy hour drink pricing 5 craft beer half price glasses wine length shutdown ceiba different specials offered every day shutdown starting 5 margaritas tuesday clyde chevy chase take 20 percent entire check except lobster special valid government id clyde georgetown government id required day happy hours include 3 cans beer 4 selected drafts 4 maker mark absolut cocktails 5 glasses rosemount shiraz rotating blue plate specials always 10 dc reynolds day government closed dc reynolds open 11 offer buy one get one free drinks 9 p need government worker take advantage outstanding offer dacha beer garden show government id 4 7 p get refreshing small glass fruh kolsch house daily dish government employee grab free cup coffee daily dish shutdown show id members congress pay double del campo del campo make regular happy hour specials 7 margaritas cocktails 5 wine 4 beers available time government employee valid id length shutdown dino buy regularly priced entr e receive free dessert buy one get one free pricing wine beer cocktails must show government id duffy irish pub show federal id 2 beers miller lite natty boh coors light pbr tallboys 10 p monday thursday shutdown fuego cocina different specials offered every day shutdown starting 5 margaritas tuesday gbd extra hour happy hour sound every day 4 8 p anyone 3 punches 3 wine draft rotating selection discounted drafts beers change daily tuesday selection included 3 avery dugana imperial ipa 4 bear republic tartare berliner weisse 5 de dolle oerbier belgian strong dark ale granville moore stella artois cans 1 granville moore shutdown ends pair 3 pork belly bites beginning 2 p tuesday hamilton bar grill popular friday happy hour 1 pbr miller high life cans offered every day everyone long shutdown lasts hank oyster bar three locations offering 1 oysters anyone government id capitol hill dupont circle branches also offer happy hour prices beer wine cocktails heights happy hour extended 11 30 7 p shutdown deals including 4 50 draft beers 4 rail drinks 5 glasses wine specialty cocktails 20 bottles wine take advantage great weather drinks patio hill country show government id hill country shutdown eligible day happy hour specials including 3 pbr bottles 5 margaritas rail drinks shots ireland four courts irish pub extending happy hour 11 8 p every day rest shutdown mix half price appetizers rotating drink specials kangaroo boxing club take 10 percent tab federal id discount grow 5 percent every week shutdown lasts members congress pay double kramerbooks cafe usual happy hour 5 beer rail drinks house wine offered opening close bar members congress pay double lou city bar lou offering early happy hour 11 30 7 p patrons government work id monday deal example half price burgers time period tuesday brings sliders priced two 5 four 9 wednesday half price drafts day thursday features 50 cent wings friday brings 3 pbr tallboys madam organ bring government work id adams morgan bar 5 8 p day shutdown first drink free food also half price 8 mango mike shutdown nachos starting 4 p every day government employees id receive either free order nachos free quesadilla fine print notes offer excludes congressmen marvin marvin cancelled shutdown day parties still offers special government employees show badge get happy hour prices beer mixed drinks wine night nando chain offer happy hour day government employees valid id long shutdown lasts osteria marzano government workers id get 50 percent select pizzas happy hour 4 7 p monday friday well 3 select draft beers 4 house liquors ovvio osteria free bruschetta appetizer already bargain lunch deal gets two menu items 12 present government id p j clarke buy item hamburger deluxe menu receive free draft beer show government id penn social show government id shutdown get one six selected draft beers 3 including dogfish head punkin bell oktoberfest brooklyn lager 30 percent wings piola government employees receive 40 percent meal beer 2 95 shutdown present valid id either rosslyn 14th street locations posto pour glasses house italian red white wines 5 shutdown kitchen offers 10 b ravioli made butternut squash brown butter red rocks columbia heights pizzeria open daily 11 lunch shutdown offering daily drink specials 5 dark stormys extra 10 percent anyone government id ripple ripple offer half priced draft beer wines glass long government shut taqueria nacional happy hour specials including 9 taco margarita chips salsa combo available 11 close shutdown taylor gourmet locations giving furloughed workers 10 percent discount career counseling cookie purchase hoagie salad thomas foolery thomas foolery angry hour special one weirder happy hours c 5 7 p take 1 drinks order angry tone voice since many people ticked shutdown thomas foolery letting vent early angry hour deals run 11 7 p length shutdown tony joe nick riverside grill happy hour runs 11 sundown georgetown waterfront duration shutdown additionally federal c employees take 30 percent food items show government id tortilla coast capitol hill dupont circle locations start serving happy hour specials noon including 6 frozen margaritas 3 75 drafts 4 mini tacos spring rolls appetizers ugly mug bring government id barracks row sports bar 4 draft beers rail drinks wine 11 4 p day shutdown union pub long shutdown lasts union pub offer 3 shut whiskey shots 6 pizzas 2 p 5 30 p urbana longer shutdown goes cheaper drink urbana happy hour usually runs 4 7 p weekdays every day shutdown happy hour extended 60 minutes run 4 8 p tuesday 4 9 p wednesday specials include 7 cocktails 6 glasses red white sparkling wines 5 bar bites 1 oysters served quantities six 12 vendetta get one free glass draft prosecco government id vinoteca show government id receive happy hour specials 5 9 p instead usual 5 7 p deals include 5 glasses wine 5 beers discounted small plates .

  fritz hahn fritz hahn reporter covering bars drinks nightlife washington post weekend section email bio follow october 7 2013 post originally published monday sept 30 3 15 p federal government shut local bars trying make sure unpaid workers go hungry thirsty update list hear specials bars restaurants want included shoot details fritz hahn washpost com important note many deals offered earlier week ended others last week remove deals expire 1905 anyone furloughed take advantage 1905 shutdown sausage platter artisanal sausage three sides beer 15 201 bar 201 bar offers 4 mystery beers 15 growlers day every day shutdown resolved art soul art soul extend happy hour hour meaning ends 8 p instead 7 anyone government id shutdown deals include 4 regional draft beers 5 small plates 7 cocktails wine glass bar also pick tab second drink astro doughnuts fried chicken federal district government workers sweet tooth get free doughnut doughnut chicken purchase show employee id austin grill happy hour specials offered day anyone government id furlough notice long shutdown lasts bandolero get 6 house margaritas pair tacos 5 duration shutdown federal id required bardo beer garden first beer free show government work id boundary road day shutdown happy hour includes 5 local beers 3 stars atlas port city presentation government id brasserie beck show federal military id get two course lunch 20 2 shots made jack daniels whiskey punt e mes vermouth brixton u street bar opens large rooftop daily 1 p grilling hot dogs burgers veggie burgers drink specials 4 furlough punch capitol lounge popular hangout congressional staffers get popular show government id door get ticket good beer tap deal runs long shutdown cashion eat place adams morgan restaurant half price appetizers happy hour drink pricing 5 craft beer half price glasses wine length shutdown ceiba different specials offered every day shutdown starting 5 margaritas tuesday clyde chevy chase take 20 percent entire check except lobster special valid government id clyde georgetown government id required day happy hours include 3 cans beer 4 selected drafts 4 maker mark absolut cocktails 5 glasses rosemount shiraz rotating blue plate specials always 10 dc reynolds day government closed dc reynolds open 11 offer buy one get one free drinks 9 p need government worker take advantage outstanding offer dacha beer garden show government id 4 7 p get refreshing small glass fruh kolsch house daily dish government employee grab free cup coffee daily dish shutdown show id members congress pay double del campo del campo make regular happy hour specials 7 margaritas cocktails 5 wine 4 beers available time government employee valid id length shutdown dino buy regularly priced entr e receive free dessert buy one get one free pricing wine beer cocktails must show government id duffy irish pub show federal id 2 beers miller lite natty boh coors light pbr tallboys 10 p monday thursday shutdown fuego cocina different specials offered every day shutdown starting 5 margaritas tuesday gbd extra hour happy hour sound every day 4 8 p anyone 3 punches 3 wine draft rotating selection discounted drafts beers change daily tuesday selection included 3 avery dugana imperial ipa 4 bear republic tartare berliner weisse 5 de dolle oerbier belgian strong dark ale granville moore stella artois cans 1 granville moore shutdown ends pair 3 pork belly bites beginning 2 p tuesday hamilton bar grill popular friday happy hour 1 pbr miller high life cans offered every day everyone long shutdown lasts hank oyster bar three locations offering 1 oysters anyone government id capitol hill dupont circle branches also offer happy hour prices beer wine cocktails heights happy hour extended 11 30 7 p shutdown deals including 4 50 draft beers 4 rail drinks 5 glasses wine specialty cocktails 20 bottles wine take advantage great weather drinks patio hill country show government id hill country shutdown eligible day happy hour specials including 3 pbr bottles 5 margaritas rail drinks shots ireland four courts irish pub extending happy hour 11 8 p every day rest shutdown mix half price appetizers rotating drink specials kangaroo boxing club take 10 percent tab federal id discount grow 5 percent every week shutdown lasts members congress pay double kramerbooks cafe usual happy hour 5 beer rail drinks house wine offered opening close bar members congress pay double lou city bar lou offering early happy hour 11 30 7 p patrons government work id monday deal example half price burgers time period tuesday brings sliders priced two 5 four 9 wednesday half price drafts day thursday features 50 cent wings friday brings 3 pbr tallboys madam organ bring government work id adams morgan bar 5 8 p day shutdown first drink free food also half price 8 mango mike shutdown nachos starting 4 p every day government employees id receive either free order nachos free quesadilla fine print notes offer excludes congressmen marvin marvin cancelled shutdown day parties still offers special government employees show badge get happy hour prices beer mixed drinks wine night nando chain offer happy hour day government employees valid id long shutdown lasts osteria marzano government workers id get 50 percent select pizzas happy hour 4 7 p monday friday well 3 select draft beers 4 house liquors ovvio osteria free bruschetta appetizer already bargain lunch deal gets two menu items 12 present government id p j clarke buy item hamburger deluxe menu receive free draft beer show government id penn social show government id shutdown get one six selected draft beers 3 including dogfish head punkin bell oktoberfest brooklyn lager 30 percent wings piola government employees receive 40 percent meal beer 2 95 shutdown present valid id either rosslyn 14th street locations posto pour glasses house italian red white wines 5 shutdown kitchen offers 10 b ravioli made butternut squash brown butter red rocks columbia heights pizzeria open daily 11 lunch shutdown offering daily drink specials 5 dark stormys extra 10 percent anyone government id ripple ripple offer half priced draft beer wines glass long government shut taqueria nacional happy hour specials including 9 taco margarita chips salsa combo available 11 close shutdown taylor gourmet locations giving furloughed workers 10 percent discount career counseling cookie purchase hoagie salad thomas foolery thomas foolery angry hour special one weirder happy hours c 5 7 p take 1 drinks order angry tone voice since many people ticked shutdown thomas foolery letting vent early angry hour deals run 11 7 p length shutdown tony joe nick riverside grill happy hour runs 11 sundown georgetown waterfront duration shutdown additionally federal c employees take 30 percent food items show government id tortilla coast capitol hill dupont circle locations start serving happy hour specials noon including 6 frozen margaritas 3 75 drafts 4 mini tacos spring rolls appetizers ugly mug bring government id barracks row sports bar 4 draft beers rail drinks wine 11 4 p day shutdown union pub long shutdown lasts union pub offer 3 shut whiskey shots 6 pizzas 2 p 5 30 p urbana longer shutdown goes cheaper drink urbana happy hour usually runs 4 7 p weekdays every day shutdown happy hour extended 60 minutes run 4 8 p tuesday 4 9 p wednesday specials include 7 cocktails 6 glasses red white sparkling wines 5 bar bites 1 oysters served quantities six 12 vendetta get one free glass draft prosecco government id vinoteca show government id receive happy hour specials 5 9 p instead usual 5 7 p deals include 5 glasses wine 5 beers discounted small plates .

  greg sargent greg sargent opinion writer covering national politics email bio follow opinion writer october 30 2015 read much coverage including blog think threat government shutdown mischief might wrought hard right shenanigans defused budget deal fund government raise debt ceiling 2017 means need worry right well unfortunately turns still potential landmines lot explosive power buried budget process could wreak lot havoc pose big test new house speaker paul ryan democrats house appropriations committee tell worried possibility major sticking points looming called policy riders threat still remains even though congress agreed upon new spending levels higher caps imposed budget control act k sequester problem even though bulk amount spending agreed upon congress pass dozen individual appropriations bills fill specific spending different areas government democrats note half dozen bills already passed house 12 public renegotiated align new higher spending levels already existing bills currently loaded policy riders sorts conservative priorities democrats point conservatives likely pressure gop leaders keep riders pressure make conditional passing bills creating another leverage point right try exploit potentially leading sticking points threaten government shutdowns rep nita lowey ranking dem house appropriations committee says emailed statement passing budget agreement preventing debt default positive step let clear enacting omnibus spending bill six weeks includes hundreds difficult policy funding decisions simple task still long way go congratulating avoiding shutdown get sense sort policy riders talking read david dayen good piece explaining serious problem could prove list riders currently appropriations bills already passed appropriations bills offer would cancel federal funding planned parenthood would prevent enforcement proposed labor department regulation mandate investment advisers operate clients best interest would cancel federal communication commission net neutrality rules would stop environmental regulations clean water endangered species air quality standards ozone block occupational safety health administration rule toxic silica dust workplace would exempt flavored cigarettes currently market regulation would halt securities exchange commission completing rules requiring publicly traded companies disclose political spending would block rules limiting hours long haul truckers spend road without rest would change hundreds rules regulations funding priorities dayen explains primarily funding decisions unrelated favors reward conservative friends typically businesses seeking unshackled regulations punish enemies planned parenthood consumer financial protection bureau would fail standalone legislation pass attached budget like barnacles ship exactly type policies repealing environmental safety regulations attacking planned parenthood conservatives deemed important enough worth shutting government sets interesting situation incoming speaker ryan vowed make house governable sought rules changes insulate blowback house conservatives makes governing compromises anger john boehner shepherding big budget deal take big steps towards clearing decks ryan take conservatives may regroup mount new round pressure ryan use riders fight conservative priorities defunding planned parenthood rolling back weakening obama new efforts curb carbon dioxide emissions existing power plants forth sure conservatives probably expect leaders cave many still occasion infighting gop leaders conservative anger disappointment towards huge first test ryan one senior adviser conservative member congress tells conservatives want leaders make stand planned parenthood obama carbon plan etc nothing give conservatives faith leadership another rough patch meanwhile liberals likely pressure democratic leaders cave either demand senate democrats stand firm filibustering appropriations bills include riders true threat calamity dramatically reduced could see games congressional chicken december 11th deadline agreement funding government long term approaches games could still create lot noisy drama fair amount damage window havepowaboot true .

  file wednesday aug 1 2018 file photo shows capitol washington potentially catastrophic hurricane heads carolinas congress moving avert legislative disaster could lead partial government shutdown weeks november midterm elections j scott applewhite file erica werner erica werner congressional reporter focusing economic policy email bio follow september 13 2018 congressional leaders parties finalized plan avert government shutdown month end president trump demands fund border wall instead aim postpone fight november midterm elections bipartisan pact announced thursday appropriations committee chairman rodney frelinghuysen r nj reflects desire republican leaders avoid nasty shutdown fight weeks midterm elections even means sacrificing least one trump prominent policy goals house gop leadership aides say believe white house board approach one sure trump ultimately gop leaders pushing trump back rhetoric shutting government vacillated suggesting could good politics force shutdown oct 1 try get money wants wall announcement thursday reduces odds shutdown midterm politics freedom caucus group conservative members allied trump could always throw curveball president sign law shut government rep rosa l delauro conn said meeting house senate appropriations conference committee signed deal window havepowaboot true government funding runs sept 30 congress working send trump number must pass spending bills 2019 including crucial measures funding pentagon health human services department thursday house overwhelmingly passed 147 billion three bill package funding veterans affairs military construction numerous programs sending trump signature four legislative days left house sept 30 deadline rest spending bills keep government running likely wait election includes spending homeland security department pays wall frelinghuysen announced agencies funded autopilot short term spending bill lasting dec 7 called continuing resolution attached spending bill includes huge funding increases 2019 pentagon major priority republicans trump big increases health human services department democratic goal setup aimed greasing passage house senate allowing trump claim win military funding republicans insisted still support funding border wall trump wants make sense fight ahead midterm elections house appropriations committee allocated 5 billion wall 2019 figure trump wants senate appropriations committee bill provides 1 6 billion senate democrats shown interest going along higher number house democrats ability block spending bills require bipartisan votes senate trump long claimed mexico would pay wall make lot sense shut government fight fight comes time said rep tom cole r okla senior member house appropriations committee presume speak president leadership tells us constant communication administration proceeding plan assume case deal could also cement another setback deficit hawks would continue trump era tradition boosting spending levels hopes receiving bipartisan support trump campaigned promise cut spending consistently increased since last year plan attach continuing resolution health human services spending pentagon funding bill angered conservatives house already announcing plans oppose measure using dod leverage every bad fiscal decision said rep mark meadows r n c chairman freedom caucus although conservatives including meadows support decision delay border wall funding fight frustrated many policy priorities got left health labor education bill would pass muster senate democrats included provisions blocking funding planned parenthood fetal tissue research administering affordable care act allowing federal funding adoption agencies want work sex couples democrats get everything wanted either sen richard j durbin ill saw bipartisan provision dropped would required disclosure prescription drug prices television ads democrats failed add provision would barred use federal school grant program buy guns education secretary betsy devos said stop districts choose use funding firearms response democrats sought clarify spending allowed republicans said provision needed .

  file wednesday aug 1 2018 file photo shows capitol washington potentially catastrophic hurricane heads carolinas congress moving avert legislative disaster could lead partial government shutdown weeks november midterm elections j scott applewhite file erica werner erica werner congressional reporter focusing economic policy email bio follow september 13 2018 congressional leaders parties finalized plan avert government shutdown month end president trump demands fund border wall instead aim postpone fight november midterm elections bipartisan pact announced thursday appropriations committee chairman rodney frelinghuysen r nj reflects desire republican leaders avoid nasty shutdown fight weeks midterm elections even means sacrificing least one trump prominent policy goals house gop leadership aides say believe white house board approach one sure trump ultimately gop leaders pushing trump back rhetoric shutting government vacillated suggesting could good politics force shutdown oct 1 try get money wants wall announcement thursday reduces odds shutdown midterm politics freedom caucus group conservative members allied trump could always throw curveball president sign law shut government rep rosa l delauro conn said meeting house senate appropriations conference committee signed deal window havepowaboot true government funding runs sept 30 congress working send trump number must pass spending bills 2019 including crucial measures funding pentagon health human services department thursday house overwhelmingly passed 147 billion three bill package funding veterans affairs military construction numerous programs sending trump signature four legislative days left house sept 30 deadline rest spending bills keep government running likely wait election includes spending homeland security department pays wall frelinghuysen announced agencies funded autopilot short term spending bill lasting dec 7 called continuing resolution attached spending bill includes huge funding increases 2019 pentagon major priority republicans trump big increases health human services department democratic goal setup aimed greasing passage house senate allowing trump claim win military funding republicans insisted still support funding border wall trump wants make sense fight ahead midterm elections house appropriations committee allocated 5 billion wall 2019 figure trump wants senate appropriations committee bill provides 1 6 billion senate democrats shown interest going along higher number house democrats ability block spending bills require bipartisan votes senate trump long claimed mexico would pay wall make lot sense shut government fight fight comes time said rep tom cole r okla senior member house appropriations committee presume speak president leadership tells us constant communication administration proceeding plan assume case deal could also cement another setback deficit hawks would continue trump era tradition boosting spending levels hopes receiving bipartisan support trump campaigned promise cut spending consistently increased since last year plan attach continuing resolution health human services spending pentagon funding bill angered conservatives house already announcing plans oppose measure using dod leverage every bad fiscal decision said rep mark meadows r n c chairman freedom caucus although conservatives including meadows support decision delay border wall funding fight frustrated many policy priorities got left health labor education bill would pass muster senate democrats included provisions blocking funding planned parenthood fetal tissue research administering affordable care act allowing federal funding adoption agencies want work sex couples democrats get everything wanted either sen richard j durbin ill saw bipartisan provision dropped would required disclosure prescription drug prices television ads democrats failed add provision would barred use federal school grant program buy guns education secretary betsy devos said stop districts choose use funding firearms response democrats sought clarify spending allowed republicans said provision needed .

  glenn kessler glenn kessler fact checker email bio follow november 18 2014 u president barack obama speaks news conference g20 summit brisbane australia sunday nov 16 2014 ap photo pablo martinez monsivais well actually position changed president obama news conference conclusion g20 summit brisbane australia nov 16 2014 politicians generally hate say changed minds something president obama poised take executive action address immigration perhaps early week challenged reporter explain believed could take action years saying hands tied president responded pinocchio laden straw man saying questions distinct focus interest executive action duplicating legislation stalled congress shall see questions actually specifically addressed sorts actions contemplating precedence shift 2011 president said could take action help dreamers immigrants aged 30 younger whose parents brought country children deported 2012 halted deportations allowed apply temporary work permits univision town hall march 28 2011 executive branch job enforce implement laws question mr president question follows executive order could able stop deportations students links another questions received univision com received hundreds thousand related immigration students kay tomar univision com told us reading least grant temporary protective status tps undocumented students answer yes obama well first temporary protective status historically used special circumstances immigrants country fleeing persecution countries emergency situation native land required come united states would appropriate use particular group came primarily example looking economic opportunity respect notion suspend deportations executive order case laws books congress passed know everybody bell studying hard know got three branches government congress passes law executive branch job enforce implement laws judiciary interpret laws enough laws books congress clear terms enforce immigration system simply executive order ignore congressional mandates would conform appropriate role president interview univision jan 31 2013 king question know reduced another concern twitter number deportations non criminals however 2012 184 000 non criminals deported spirit push immigration reform would consider moratorium deportations non criminals remember words policy people obama well think important remind everybody said think previously king head executive branch government required follow law done also said let make sure applying law way takes account people humanity reason moved forward deferred action within confines law said discretion terms apply law true respect kinds length time people spend outside country spouses already example making changes still going stories heartbreaking respect deportations get comprehensive immigration reform one reasons think important us go ahead get action done keep mind able say end year maybe even end summer gotten comprehensive immigration reform done empowers deal many issues way think allow specific issues lot people think would like see resolved google hangout feb 14 2013 emperor united states question administration deported record high number 1 5 million undocumented immigrants predecessor know administration took steps last year protect unintended undocumented immigrants deported however many people say efforts enough like know going time immigration reform passed insure people deported families broken apart obama well look jackie something struggled throughout presidency problem know president united states emperor united states job execute laws passed congress right changed consider broken immigration system means certain obligations enforce laws place even think many cases results may tragic able make sure focusing enforcement resources criminals opposed somebody trying work look families tried administratively reduce burdens hardships families separated done obviously pass deferred action made sure dream uh uh dreamers young people brought think americans american except papers deported said got stretch administrative flexibility much making sure get comprehensive immigration reform done important interview noticias telmundo sept 17 2013 path get done congress question least consider unilaterally freezing deportations parents deferred action kids obama problem jose said consistently job executive branch carry laws passed congress said law comes undocumented allocate whole bunch money enforcement able make legal argument think absolutely right given resources everything congress asked us carve dream act folks start broadening essentially would ignoring law way think would difficult defend legally option get little worried advocates immigration reform start losing heart immediately thinking well somehow congress act president sign something take care worry said path get done congress pinocchio test president certainly consistent issue saw path congress blocked clear interviews president asked executive orders would provided comprehensive immigration reform specific actions ended deportations subset illegal immigrants precisely type action shortly unveil previously said possible using evocative language king emperor apparently changed mind president earns upside pinocchio flip flop upside pinocchio rating scale send us facts check filling form follow fact checker twitter friend us facebook .

  glenn kessler glenn kessler fact checker email bio follow november 18 2014 u president barack obama speaks news conference g20 summit brisbane australia sunday nov 16 2014 ap photo pablo martinez monsivais well actually position changed president obama news conference conclusion g20 summit brisbane australia nov 16 2014 politicians generally hate say changed minds something president obama poised take executive action address immigration perhaps early week challenged reporter explain believed could take action years saying hands tied president responded pinocchio laden straw man saying questions distinct focus interest executive action duplicating legislation stalled congress shall see questions actually specifically addressed sorts actions contemplating precedence shift 2011 president said could take action help dreamers immigrants aged 30 younger whose parents brought country children deported 2012 halted deportations allowed apply temporary work permits univision town hall march 28 2011 executive branch job enforce implement laws question mr president question follows executive order could able stop deportations students links another questions received univision com received hundreds thousand related immigration students kay tomar univision com told us reading least grant temporary protective status tps undocumented students answer yes obama well first temporary protective status historically used special circumstances immigrants country fleeing persecution countries emergency situation native land required come united states would appropriate use particular group came primarily example looking economic opportunity respect notion suspend deportations executive order case laws books congress passed know everybody bell studying hard know got three branches government congress passes law executive branch job enforce implement laws judiciary interpret laws enough laws books congress clear terms enforce immigration system simply executive order ignore congressional mandates would conform appropriate role president interview univision jan 31 2013 king question know reduced another concern twitter number deportations non criminals however 2012 184 000 non criminals deported spirit push immigration reform would consider moratorium deportations non criminals remember words policy people obama well think important remind everybody said think previously king head executive branch government required follow law done also said let make sure applying law way takes account people humanity reason moved forward deferred action within confines law said discretion terms apply law true respect kinds length time people spend outside country spouses already example making changes still going stories heartbreaking respect deportations get comprehensive immigration reform one reasons think important us go ahead get action done keep mind able say end year maybe even end summer gotten comprehensive immigration reform done empowers deal many issues way think allow specific issues lot people think would like see resolved google hangout feb 14 2013 emperor united states question administration deported record high number 1 5 million undocumented immigrants predecessor know administration took steps last year protect unintended undocumented immigrants deported however many people say efforts enough like know going time immigration reform passed insure people deported families broken apart obama well look jackie something struggled throughout presidency problem know president united states emperor united states job execute laws passed congress right changed consider broken immigration system means certain obligations enforce laws place even think many cases results may tragic able make sure focusing enforcement resources criminals opposed somebody trying work look families tried administratively reduce burdens hardships families separated done obviously pass deferred action made sure dream uh uh dreamers young people brought think americans american except papers deported said got stretch administrative flexibility much making sure get comprehensive immigration reform done important interview noticias telmundo sept 17 2013 path get done congress question least consider unilaterally freezing deportations parents deferred action kids obama problem jose said consistently job executive branch carry laws passed congress said law comes undocumented allocate whole bunch money enforcement able make legal argument think absolutely right given resources everything congress asked us carve dream act folks start broadening essentially would ignoring law way think would difficult defend legally option get little worried advocates immigration reform start losing heart immediately thinking well somehow congress act president sign something take care worry said path get done congress pinocchio test president certainly consistent issue saw path congress blocked clear interviews president asked executive orders would provided comprehensive immigration reform specific actions ended deportations subset illegal immigrants precisely type action shortly unveil previously said possible using evocative language king emperor apparently changed mind president earns upside pinocchio flip flop upside pinocchio rating scale send us facts check filling form follow fact checker twitter friend us facebook .

  glenn kessler glenn kessler fact checker email bio follow november 18 2014 u president barack obama speaks news conference g20 summit brisbane australia sunday nov 16 2014 ap photo pablo martinez monsivais well actually position changed president obama news conference conclusion g20 summit brisbane australia nov 16 2014 politicians generally hate say changed minds something president obama poised take executive action address immigration perhaps early week challenged reporter explain believed could take action years saying hands tied president responded pinocchio laden straw man saying questions distinct focus interest executive action duplicating legislation stalled congress shall see questions actually specifically addressed sorts actions contemplating precedence shift 2011 president said could take action help dreamers immigrants aged 30 younger whose parents brought country children deported 2012 halted deportations allowed apply temporary work permits univision town hall march 28 2011 executive branch job enforce implement laws question mr president question follows executive order could able stop deportations students links another questions received univision com received hundreds thousand related immigration students kay tomar univision com told us reading least grant temporary protective status tps undocumented students answer yes obama well first temporary protective status historically used special circumstances immigrants country fleeing persecution countries emergency situation native land required come united states would appropriate use particular group came primarily example looking economic opportunity respect notion suspend deportations executive order case laws books congress passed know everybody bell studying hard know got three branches government congress passes law executive branch job enforce implement laws judiciary interpret laws enough laws books congress clear terms enforce immigration system simply executive order ignore congressional mandates would conform appropriate role president interview univision jan 31 2013 king question know reduced another concern twitter number deportations non criminals however 2012 184 000 non criminals deported spirit push immigration reform would consider moratorium deportations non criminals remember words policy people obama well think important remind everybody said think previously king head executive branch government required follow law done also said let make sure applying law way takes account people humanity reason moved forward deferred action within confines law said discretion terms apply law true respect kinds length time people spend outside country spouses already example making changes still going stories heartbreaking respect deportations get comprehensive immigration reform one reasons think important us go ahead get action done keep mind able say end year maybe even end summer gotten comprehensive immigration reform done empowers deal many issues way think allow specific issues lot people think would like see resolved google hangout feb 14 2013 emperor united states question administration deported record high number 1 5 million undocumented immigrants predecessor know administration took steps last year protect unintended undocumented immigrants deported however many people say efforts enough like know going time immigration reform passed insure people deported families broken apart obama well look jackie something struggled throughout presidency problem know president united states emperor united states job execute laws passed congress right changed consider broken immigration system means certain obligations enforce laws place even think many cases results may tragic able make sure focusing enforcement resources criminals opposed somebody trying work look families tried administratively reduce burdens hardships families separated done obviously pass deferred action made sure dream uh uh dreamers young people brought think americans american except papers deported said got stretch administrative flexibility much making sure get comprehensive immigration reform done important interview noticias telmundo sept 17 2013 path get done congress question least consider unilaterally freezing deportations parents deferred action kids obama problem jose said consistently job executive branch carry laws passed congress said law comes undocumented allocate whole bunch money enforcement able make legal argument think absolutely right given resources everything congress asked us carve dream act folks start broadening essentially would ignoring law way think would difficult defend legally option get little worried advocates immigration reform start losing heart immediately thinking well somehow congress act president sign something take care worry said path get done congress pinocchio test president certainly consistent issue saw path congress blocked clear interviews president asked executive orders would provided comprehensive immigration reform specific actions ended deportations subset illegal immigrants precisely type action shortly unveil previously said possible using evocative language king emperor apparently changed mind president earns upside pinocchio flip flop upside pinocchio rating scale send us facts check filling form follow fact checker twitter friend us facebook .

  glenn kessler glenn kessler fact checker email bio follow november 18 2014 u president barack obama speaks news conference g20 summit brisbane australia sunday nov 16 2014 ap photo pablo martinez monsivais well actually position changed president obama news conference conclusion g20 summit brisbane australia nov 16 2014 politicians generally hate say changed minds something president obama poised take executive action address immigration perhaps early week challenged reporter explain believed could take action years saying hands tied president responded pinocchio laden straw man saying questions distinct focus interest executive action duplicating legislation stalled congress shall see questions actually specifically addressed sorts actions contemplating precedence shift 2011 president said could take action help dreamers immigrants aged 30 younger whose parents brought country children deported 2012 halted deportations allowed apply temporary work permits univision town hall march 28 2011 executive branch job enforce implement laws question mr president question follows executive order could able stop deportations students links another questions received univision com received hundreds thousand related immigration students kay tomar univision com told us reading least grant temporary protective status tps undocumented students answer yes obama well first temporary protective status historically used special circumstances immigrants country fleeing persecution countries emergency situation native land required come united states would appropriate use particular group came primarily example looking economic opportunity respect notion suspend deportations executive order case laws books congress passed know everybody bell studying hard know got three branches government congress passes law executive branch job enforce implement laws judiciary interpret laws enough laws books congress clear terms enforce immigration system simply executive order ignore congressional mandates would conform appropriate role president interview univision jan 31 2013 king question know reduced another concern twitter number deportations non criminals however 2012 184 000 non criminals deported spirit push immigration reform would consider moratorium deportations non criminals remember words policy people obama well think important remind everybody said think previously king head executive branch government required follow law done also said let make sure applying law way takes account people humanity reason moved forward deferred action within confines law said discretion terms apply law true respect kinds length time people spend outside country spouses already example making changes still going stories heartbreaking respect deportations get comprehensive immigration reform one reasons think important us go ahead get action done keep mind able say end year maybe even end summer gotten comprehensive immigration reform done empowers deal many issues way think allow specific issues lot people think would like see resolved google hangout feb 14 2013 emperor united states question administration deported record high number 1 5 million undocumented immigrants predecessor know administration took steps last year protect unintended undocumented immigrants deported however many people say efforts enough like know going time immigration reform passed insure people deported families broken apart obama well look jackie something struggled throughout presidency problem know president united states emperor united states job execute laws passed congress right changed consider broken immigration system means certain obligations enforce laws place even think many cases results may tragic able make sure focusing enforcement resources criminals opposed somebody trying work look families tried administratively reduce burdens hardships families separated done obviously pass deferred action made sure dream uh uh dreamers young people brought think americans american except papers deported said got stretch administrative flexibility much making sure get comprehensive immigration reform done important interview noticias telmundo sept 17 2013 path get done congress question least consider unilaterally freezing deportations parents deferred action kids obama problem jose said consistently job executive branch carry laws passed congress said law comes undocumented allocate whole bunch money enforcement able make legal argument think absolutely right given resources everything congress asked us carve dream act folks start broadening essentially would ignoring law way think would difficult defend legally option get little worried advocates immigration reform start losing heart immediately thinking well somehow congress act president sign something take care worry said path get done congress pinocchio test president certainly consistent issue saw path congress blocked clear interviews president asked executive orders would provided comprehensive immigration reform specific actions ended deportations subset illegal immigrants precisely type action shortly unveil previously said possible using evocative language king emperor apparently changed mind president earns upside pinocchio flip flop upside pinocchio rating scale send us facts check filling form follow fact checker twitter friend us facebook .

  william claiborne july 8 1978 israeli syrian troops faced across common border yesterday show strength precipitated syria five day bombardment christian quarter beirut reacting thinly veiled threats intervention israeli rooftop level overflight beirut thursday israeli jet fighters syria deployed troops along border near golan heights put airport anti aircraft units alert apparently anticipating air attacks either military posts south lebanon artillery brigades surrounding beirut besieged christian sector israeli army reinforced military units along lebanese border moved units stationed northern israeli closer lebanon move reminiscent many previous confrontations arab neighbors united states soviet union reported working behind scenes defuse tensions preclude latest lebanese crisis erupting full scale middle east confrontation israeli officials said yesterday deployment less strategic maneuver another signal syria tolerate movement syrian peacekeeping forces farther south lebanon israeli military officials would say many army units involved moved israeli government officials toned noticeably blunt threats thursday apparently way waiting see whether syrian army renews shelling east beirut moshe arens head israeli parliament foreign affairs defense committee said tel aviv necessary action taken israeli prevent takeover lebanon syria put end killing christians beirut arens said syria invited lebanon 2 1 2 years ago lebanese government serve peacekeeping force 1975 76 civil war succeeds destroying chirstian forces new frontier would created israeli border beirut situation continues deteriorate arens said clear world particularly united states israeli remain indifferent statement public warning issued yesterday highlevel israel official low key compared threats made thursday several top government officials eliahu ben elissar director general prime minister office said syrians continued bombardment israel would consider steps taken order let christians annihilated seven israeli kfir jet fighters made two supersonic passes low beirut shattering windows lebanese civil war similar overflights made beirut israelis israeli officials said addition humanitarian concerns christians allied israel long time concerned syrian takeover lebanon would change balance forces middle east result increased security threat israel israeli close attachment christian lebanese forces apparent long time much israeli army withdrew south lebanon june 13 following invasion month turned key positions right wing christian militias wishes united nations step led suggestions israel intended circumvent united nations retain control border area proxy since known supply phalangist forces arms money possibility raised threat intervention internationalization syrian christian conflict ultimately could leads partition lebanon christian moslem sectors secretariat israeli democratic movement change party yesterday suggested step called government demand u n security council action beirut conflict meanwhile christian military leaders beirut said 450 christians killed recent attacks 1 400 wounded spokesman phalangists said christians surrounded approximately 20 000 syrian troops could hold days peres insisted would conduct negotiations sadat would rather describe meeting dialogue coming plan israeli labor party leader said meanwhile qualified sources said united states set july 18 opening date talks middle east london among egytian israeli foreign ministers secretary state cyrus vance talks first face face peace negotiations israel egypt since january peres called new egyptian proposal incomplete describes israel say egypt would return said practically nothing peace normalization peres said initiative meeting sadat came austrian chancellor bruno kreisky socialist international president willy brandt west germany egyptian leader meet kreisky brandt five day visit peres second meeting sadat met first salzburg austria february .

  william claiborne july 8 1978 israeli syrian troops faced across common border yesterday show strength precipitated syria five day bombardment christian quarter beirut reacting thinly veiled threats intervention israeli rooftop level overflight beirut thursday israeli jet fighters syria deployed troops along border near golan heights put airport anti aircraft units alert apparently anticipating air attacks either military posts south lebanon artillery brigades surrounding beirut besieged christian sector israeli army reinforced military units along lebanese border moved units stationed northern israeli closer lebanon move reminiscent many previous confrontations arab neighbors united states soviet union reported working behind scenes defuse tensions preclude latest lebanese crisis erupting full scale middle east confrontation israeli officials said yesterday deployment less strategic maneuver another signal syria tolerate movement syrian peacekeeping forces farther south lebanon israeli military officials would say many army units involved moved israeli government officials toned noticeably blunt threats thursday apparently way waiting see whether syrian army renews shelling east beirut moshe arens head israeli parliament foreign affairs defense committee said tel aviv necessary action taken israeli prevent takeover lebanon syria put end killing christians beirut arens said syria invited lebanon 2 1 2 years ago lebanese government serve peacekeeping force 1975 76 civil war succeeds destroying chirstian forces new frontier would created israeli border beirut situation continues deteriorate arens said clear world particularly united states israeli remain indifferent statement public warning issued yesterday highlevel israel official low key compared threats made thursday several top government officials eliahu ben elissar director general prime minister office said syrians continued bombardment israel would consider steps taken order let christians annihilated seven israeli kfir jet fighters made two supersonic passes low beirut shattering windows lebanese civil war similar overflights made beirut israelis israeli officials said addition humanitarian concerns christians allied israel long time concerned syrian takeover lebanon would change balance forces middle east result increased security threat israel israeli close attachment christian lebanese forces apparent long time much israeli army withdrew south lebanon june 13 following invasion month turned key positions right wing christian militias wishes united nations step led suggestions israel intended circumvent united nations retain control border area proxy since known supply phalangist forces arms money possibility raised threat intervention internationalization syrian christian conflict ultimately could leads partition lebanon christian moslem sectors secretariat israeli democratic movement change party yesterday suggested step called government demand u n security council action beirut conflict meanwhile christian military leaders beirut said 450 christians killed recent attacks 1 400 wounded spokesman phalangists said christians surrounded approximately 20 000 syrian troops could hold days peres insisted would conduct negotiations sadat would rather describe meeting dialogue coming plan israeli labor party leader said meanwhile qualified sources said united states set july 18 opening date talks middle east london among egytian israeli foreign ministers secretary state cyrus vance talks first face face peace negotiations israel egypt since january peres called new egyptian proposal incomplete describes israel say egypt would return said practically nothing peace normalization peres said initiative meeting sadat came austrian chancellor bruno kreisky socialist international president willy brandt west germany egyptian leader meet kreisky brandt five day visit peres second meeting sadat met first salzburg austria february .

  william branigin william branigin reporter editor covering breaking news email bio january 30 1980 afghan refugees camp western pakistan home snow covered mountain refuse leave remote rocky hilltop camps deeper inside pakistan might find easier access relief aid hospitable climate want live close possible country says mitta khan grizzled villager wounded fighting afghan government troops two months ago nevertheless refuses return afghanistan without new weapons ammunition carry guerrilla war soviet troops invaded country last month stay khan said helpless empty handed pakistani authorities administer guard territory jabs like finger afghanistan eastern flank thousands heavily armed refugees side border mean trouble view regard soviet threat country fragile integrity pakistani armed forces taking care keep low profile avoid activities might appear provocative neighbor headquarters nearby parachinar district frontier corps pakistani military border guards young officer acknowledged army deliberately reinforcing troops might entail reciporcal action soviets one spark would war officer said far said soviets made move deploy strength along afghanistan eastern border pakistan although much afghan rebel activity concentrated effort new rulers afghan capital kabul man border posts near afghan village patan miles north pakistani side fortress like afghan post shows sign life like many posts according pakistani officers long abandoned except nearby pakistani border station manned dozen guards appears nothing stop flow refugees across border border station easily avoided however local authorities received reports able confirm soviet forces mined dirt roads leading crossing point case passes area high mountains blocked snow refugee crossings lately slowed trickle estimated 600 000 afghan refugees fled pakistan since april 1978 coup brought first three marxist governments power one place afghan refugees still able cross relatively low mountains west camp route taken three weeks ago 50 families nearly entire population afghan village sikram near town gardez live conglomeration 30 tents 20 camels assorted cattle goats chickens dogs mid december according ghanam rang camps elder bombing destroyed many houses village even cattle killed said throughout year subjected bombing rang said could longer put resistance leave rang refugees claim even dec 27 soviet inspired coup afghanistan air strikes afghan villages carried soviet pilots accounts refugees area vary little describe spontaneous local uprisings communist afghan government regarded un islamic infidel followed harsh retaliation including aerial bombardment villages trek pakistan inadequate means fight back nobody incited us fight enemy rang said started fighting glory islam believers god people wanted us leave faith tell renounce religion conditions among miserable afghan refugee camps sprung since moslem rebels began wage uncoordinated guerrilla war central goverenment 20 months ago refugees matasangar camp live almost exclusively bread tea say none food donated foreign relief agencies governments reached yet received far wheat flour sold reduced prices financially strapped pakistani government well donated tents blankets subsidized pakistani food program also stretched thin supplement u n world food program relief effort getting ground pakistanis also giving refugees four biscuits person month world food program supply 5 million worth wheat lentils vegetable oil dry skim milk six month period fall well short refugees estimated needs altitude higher 5 700 feet weather harsher camp 20 persons children died subfreezing temperatures since adjacent camp set tents leaky patchworks hemp matting sectins canvas partitions dried mud separate refugees sleeping areas spaces animals one reason concern growing resentment among pakistani moslems shiite sect afghan refugees almost entirely sunni moslems shiites happy influx afghan refugees area said taj mohammad khan federal administrator kurram agency district parachinar fear sunnis settle disturb balance show displeasure killed number afghan refugees road said since november 12 refugees killed near parachinar shiite majority pakistani sunnis majority nationwide seem tolerating refugees always welcoming open arms local pakistani officials charged distributing assistance refugees appear genuinely interested helping try hard allocate meager resources .

  john lantigua april 8 1985 large areas northern nicaraguan mountains cleared civilians according government military officials say wilderness areas strictly war zones sandinistas increase firepower recent trip beyond town 120 miles north managua walked seven miles one newly militarized zones rebels able find food refuge information recruits residents evacuated past two months among least 7 000 families sandinistas say process relocating less remote areas according local military officials road followed improved facilitate army access mountainous zone considered strategic across border honduras largest rebel camps called las vegas spine hills runs honduras murra principal thoroughfare contra rebels enter nicaragua camp sandinista officials say houses along road abandoned emptied possessions cases roofing material dragged away insides stripped houses exposed elements houses bread ovens primitive cooking stoves made clay smashed prevent use rebels people seen chickens pigs cows normally surround rural houses rebels known buy farmers also gone trees sandinistas posted message telling rebels 1985 would year continue defeated offering amnesty entitled letter return poster featured drawing uniformed rebel turning rifle welcomed joyfully family popular sandinista army agrees respect life physical integrity agrees give dignified treatment deliver document troops nearest militia post rifle equipment said almost two hours walking rounded bend stopped sound bullet shifted chamber bolt action rifle one visible raised hands sandinista soldier stepped behind canvas lean farther road lt felix sanchez makeshift camp around next bend said civilians area said next sandinista outpost abandoned hamlet called rosario overlooking border besieged last month hundreds rebels 11 sandinistas died sanchez said men patrol three miles around camp taking close border seen contra two weeks think honduras reorganizing said used take advantage people lived areas like used get food anymore reorganize interview managua tomas borge minister charge internal security said civilians removed area makes easier use artillery clearly becomes war zone observers said expect see use soviet made mi24 helicopter gunships asked mi24 would used new militarized zones borge said helicopters would stupid museum pieces borge said expected rebel attacks soon conjunction congressional vote whether united states renew funding .

  michael cavna michael cavna writer artist comic riffs covering visual storytelling cartoon art illustration comedy satire animation email bio follow november 14 2013 name seth macfarlane attached animated show immigration already pop culture watchers high alert new name project though seems assuaged concerns lalo alcaraz commentator creator syndicated sociopolitically themed strip la cucaracha announced writer show bordertown set debut next fall fox distinct ray hope even show takes satiric swipes immigrants one liners one part equal opportunity comedy everybody gets poked fun bordertown alcaraz tells comic riffs main focus changing world around modern day archie bunker put upon character border patrol agent bud buckwald relationship neighbor unflappable optimistic mexican immigrant character ernesto gonzalez bordertown lead characters include archie bunker like border patrol agent bud buckwald unflappable mexican immigrant neighbor ernesto gonzalez created seth macfarlane courtesy fox tv bordertown set fictitious texas town near u mexico border cast characters going diverse made sense writers room reflect writers room actually pretty diverse focused political social satire meaning says alcaraz california native mexican american descent vocal commentator issues concerning latinos largely comic strip became syndicated 2002 l area radio show pocho hour power lalo alcaraz creating occupy art alcaraz author upcoming book imperfect union basic books become involved called creator mark hentemann looking diverse writers bordertown says alcaraz noted four show dozen writers mexican american read gustavo arellano ask mexican book known somewhat funny fellow lalo alcaraz caricaturing mitt romney fan macfarlane family guy alcaraz sense several days job however first time thinks stereotype script crosses line know alcaraz jokes pray .

  ivanka trump may 7 white house saul loeb afp getty images alexandra petri alexandra petri columnist offering lighter take news opinions day email bio follow columnist june 20 2018 remember nothing forever except parent ivanka trump women work may 8 attorney general jeff sessions announces new zero tolerance policy prosecuting enter country illegally may cause families separated based statistics released tuesday trump administration may 5 june 9 approximately 65 children separated parents every day may 9 65 children separated parents may 10 65 children separated parents say separated passive children parents arrive together u agents mark children unaccompanied minors send detention facility may 11 separate 65 children parents like summer camp except minor detail get go summer camp voluntarily parents know sent may 12 separate 65 children parents may 13 separate 65 children parents like parent commits crime goes jail defenders policy suggest like except instead children sent detention facility may 14 u agents separate 65 children parents may 15 border u agents separate 65 children parents give take child give take child may 16 sixty five children less marked unaccompanied minors although arrived border parents sent detention facility may 17 bad 65 children taken parents today get watch television facility homeland security secretary kirstjen nielsen reassures us may 18 thirty children taken parents 35 maybe yesterday lax took 50 children away telling parents going take baths bring back true must make today today 70 children may 19 sixty five children taken parents may 20 child taken parents child taken parents child taken parents happens 65 times may 21 another 65 children arrive border parents taken away may 22 special surprise children taken parents today child actors children may 23 sixty five children taken parents may 24 instagram ivanka remembers time son came visit office lunchdate tbt photo chicken broccoli walked past rose garden also 65 children taken parents may 25 sixty five children taken parents may 26 sixty five children taken parents may 27 instagram ivanka holds son close presses foreheads together 3 captions using emoji heart sixty five children taken parents may 28 sixty five children taken parents may 29 sixty five children taken parents may 30 take 65 children parents may 31 take 65 children parents june 1 take 60 children parents five june 2 take 65 children parents given piece paper phone number call phone number maybe right june 3 sixty five children taken parents june 4 sixty five children taken parents three small school buses full june 5 sixty five children taken parents lucky permanently traumatized american academy pediatrics think lucky june 6 sixty five children taken parents june 7 sixty five children taken parents june 8 sixty five children parents sent somewhere else know going see parents june 9 sixty five children taken parents june 10 13 data extends june 9 continue pace separate 260 children parents june 10 june 13 small elementary school june 14 happy birthday dad ivanka posts instagram love much june 15 ivanka daughter gets photo credit picture taken date night ivanka walking across log bluejeans clean white shirt smiling broad smile june 16 data stopped june 9 possible 65 children taken parents today could even june 17 ivanka wishes happy father day two amazing dads picture jared kushner president trump low fiving another post wishes love happy father day accompanying picture jared stand three children everyone smiling one crying screaming ivanka hear rate .

  tim carman tim carman reporter focusing national food issues critic covering affordable radar restaurants c area email bio follow august 14 2013 day first started selling lamb legs short ribs september border springs farm never made official commitment union market remained vendor permanent pop status farm tentative relationship fashionable destination urban foodniks underscored last weekend border springs owner craig rogers abruptly announced leaving market livestock producer craig rogers needed sell cuts meat sandwiches union market stephanie klein davis washington post except abrupt rogers says decision walk away based slow undeniable shift union market focus true market reading terminal philadelphia buy groceries prepared meals de facto food court rogers quick add great food court vendors rappahannock oyster co red apron butchery guiding hand edens giant developer launched union market hall evolved indoor drinking dining destination suit rogers needs says fundamentally market taken different personality articulated vision beginning rogers says current one seems developer wants food court bar edens executives bristle term food court calling food court like missing point says steve boyle managing director edens point trying create experience people around food think richie brandenburg director culinary strategy edens done incredible job curating mix local artisans brandenburg says union market day one balance culinary strategist wants model edens project spanish markets visited chef jose andres thinkfoodgroup experiences throughout markets spain buy things spend time eat house brandenburg says constant conversation right balance right mix union market destination spend morning afternoon go home products cook dinner entire weekend half vendors bring products home boyle brandenburg say edens plans roll vendors union market including ones groceries developer also signed lease seafood vendor boyle brandenburg preferred name fish monger point edens hoped rogers would sign lease continue hawk delicious made order sandwiches farmer says remaining union market would served purposes livestock producer rogers says needs sell cuts lamb chefs want restaurants says begin convert leftover legs shoulders sandwiches even new border springs outlet reading terminal fact rogers says course 11 months sold meats sandwiches union market latter started dominate sales beginning handful vendors displayed products plastic storage containers fold tables borders springs sold 100 percent meat rogers says border springs last weeks union market meat represented 10 percent sales point comparison rogers says meat sales reading terminal far exceeds prepared food sales sells meat one day stand freshfarm market penn quarter week union market brand better served farmers market lamb shop inside food court watering hole sort place matter popular rogers says look like little side show edens counters market gone sort ebbs flows seeing different vendors better others different points year boyle says think ultimate personality place still evolving clientele consumer base grows continues understand place many people still first time experience border springs officially closed pop union market sunday already moved operations union kitchen food incubator warehouse near union station union kitchen border springs prepare items whether lambstrami made shoulder cut mutton barbecue lamb prosciutto farm eventually sell penn quarter farmers market retail locations eventually rogers hopes open retail shop district one would better balance needs sell meat prepared foods would love find place c retail says focus butcher shop timcarman .

  tim carman tim carman reporter focusing national food issues critic covering affordable radar restaurants c area email bio follow august 14 2013 day first started selling lamb legs short ribs september border springs farm never made official commitment union market remained vendor permanent pop status farm tentative relationship fashionable destination urban foodniks underscored last weekend border springs owner craig rogers abruptly announced leaving market livestock producer craig rogers needed sell cuts meat sandwiches union market stephanie klein davis washington post except abrupt rogers says decision walk away based slow undeniable shift union market focus true market reading terminal philadelphia buy groceries prepared meals de facto food court rogers quick add great food court vendors rappahannock oyster co red apron butchery guiding hand edens giant developer launched union market hall evolved indoor drinking dining destination suit rogers needs says fundamentally market taken different personality articulated vision beginning rogers says current one seems developer wants food court bar edens executives bristle term food court calling food court like missing point says steve boyle managing director edens point trying create experience people around food think richie brandenburg director culinary strategy edens done incredible job curating mix local artisans brandenburg says union market day one balance culinary strategist wants model edens project spanish markets visited chef jose andres thinkfoodgroup experiences throughout markets spain buy things spend time eat house brandenburg says constant conversation right balance right mix union market destination spend morning afternoon go home products cook dinner entire weekend half vendors bring products home boyle brandenburg say edens plans roll vendors union market including ones groceries developer also signed lease seafood vendor boyle brandenburg preferred name fish monger point edens hoped rogers would sign lease continue hawk delicious made order sandwiches farmer says remaining union market would served purposes livestock producer rogers says needs sell cuts lamb chefs want restaurants says begin convert leftover legs shoulders sandwiches even new border springs outlet reading terminal fact rogers says course 11 months sold meats sandwiches union market latter started dominate sales beginning handful vendors displayed products plastic storage containers fold tables borders springs sold 100 percent meat rogers says border springs last weeks union market meat represented 10 percent sales point comparison rogers says meat sales reading terminal far exceeds prepared food sales sells meat one day stand freshfarm market penn quarter week union market brand better served farmers market lamb shop inside food court watering hole sort place matter popular rogers says look like little side show edens counters market gone sort ebbs flows seeing different vendors better others different points year boyle says think ultimate personality place still evolving clientele consumer base grows continues understand place many people still first time experience border springs officially closed pop union market sunday already moved operations union kitchen food incubator warehouse near union station union kitchen border springs prepare items whether lambstrami made shoulder cut mutton barbecue lamb prosciutto farm eventually sell penn quarter farmers market retail locations eventually rogers hopes open retail shop district one would better balance needs sell meat prepared foods would love find place c retail says focus butcher shop timcarman .

  philip kennicott philip kennicott art architecture critic email bio follow may 23 2003 americans protective even prickly meaning happened sept 11 2001 may find filmmaker bahman ghobadi view disconcerting 100 percent sure hollywood films disseminated throughout rest world way everyone see special effects september 11 probably even happened would become part imagination people america blame argument echoing certain televangelists decadent america got deserved argument argument power images made kurdish iranian film director images sacred ghobadi whose marooned iraq opens washington today comes society images constrained censorship difficult produce poverty rich meaning scarcity interview washington last month day u troops seized saddam international airport baghdad ghobadi looked america outside colossus visual production yet naive consequences shows world ghobadi new movie set aftermath iran iraq war among kurdish people traumatized saddam hussein never shows viewer hussein iraqi leader presence warplanes heard unseen overhead film follows trek mirza famous musician two sons search mirza ex wife lost among refugees everyday life brutal bracing filled crime misadventure foreground political background implied limned barest strokes impactful see child lost limbs land mine bomb woman voice chemical war see action war says ghobadi also difficulty getting permission use military equipment explosive effects filmmaker makes virtue necessity one haunting scenes new film shows dozens paper airplanes gliding air planes roar overhead strong distaste american special effects sheer density violence american films warns films coming probably worst advertisement pr american people ghobadi born 1969 belongs young generation iranian filmmakers bringing new grittiness poetic austerities iranian cinema pioneered older masters abbas kiarostami mohsen makhmalbaf ghobadi worked ghobadi first feature time drunken horses 2000 fell subgenus iranian films children convenient form directors could bypass strict censorship rules women depicted society criticized american movies children often infantilized adults children proxies adult desires ambitions iranian films children tend children children bearing burdens world responsible beyond years dickensian sadness time drunken horses follows efforts brother sister care severely ill brother ape adult world thrust hard necessities life marooned iraq film adults often ridiculous children abrupt departure world tone disturbingly unsettled opens suggestions three stooges men engaged manic hard edged interplay borders slapstick yet stooges stuck landscape scarred genocidal mayhem much film happens blindingly white snowscapes chilly barren isolated border divides iran iraq setting new film time drunken horses silent terrifying abstract line snow biggest enemy middle east region world world boundaries says ghobadi boundaries laid imposed powers even see far away us espouse idea global village yet region world laying boundaries shifting changing benefits self interest ghobadi short compact man neatly trimmed hair dressed functional drab clothes fatigue rancor discussion like kurd pawn endless historical chess game ghobadi war saddam hussein wants see hussein finished borrowing analogy hollywood says time trilogy ended trilogy began united states support hussein iran iraq war continued inconclusive empire strikes back gulf war finally reaching denouement kurds become football tossed around iraq america europe syria turkey says mercy someone else spectacle idea brings together two facts central kurdish sense game preciousness power imagemaking kurdistan families go hilltop blue sky becomes screen says watch planes fly overhead bombings occur characters like saddam bush tony blair come go sit version popcorn movie theater version reality could describing scene marooned iraq school held hilltop class watching jet contrail faint blue sky time drunken horses terminally ill teenage boy stunted size emotional maturity receives hard gift picture celebrity bodybuilder grotesquely oversize veins bulging skin brother purchased image earns money carrying mysterious bundles across snowy border image tacked wall hut window screen onto world must otherwise imagined inferred faintest evidence television cinema holy revered treated great deal respect ghobadi says thus finds odd american television stop showing saddam hussein balcony firing rifle sky ghobadi hussein substantial enemy effaced repeatedly showing image legitimizes mainstream media superstars saddam husseins tony blairs george bushes kurds become extras anonymous people villagers says ghobadi ones affected films kurdish people superstars rest people deserve attention relegated background contrast kurdish boy drinking single image western children live saturated images functions like warning viewer nothing ghobadi films easily read kurdish society american society stand across chasm even sense slapstick opening marooned iraq may misreading kurdistan problems held back one two generations ghobadi says perhaps hearkens back something 60 70 80 years ago us much reality today behaviors actions motives foreign film warn critics danger becoming foreign directors outside hollywood cater western appetite heartwarming tales colorful country life ghobadi films however remain resolutely uncompromisingly foreign behaviors actions motives always easy interpret even color palette vital part iranian films kept strictly muted success iranian film western film festivals ghobadi first feature took golden camera cannes new offshoots developed iranian films become slicker ghobadi represent kind dissent flinty hard nosed realist view cruel world comforting mysticism detached carry residue sadness horror leave one empty like mute victim chemical weapons figures feature mere evidence rather dramatic enactments wrong kurdish homeland marooned iraq 97 minutes farsi kurdish subtitles cineplex odeon dupont circle landmark bethesda row rated includes war imagery biggest enemy boundaries says kurdish iranian director bahman ghobadi young kurdish girl ghobadi marooned iraq opens washington today .

  thomas w lippman march 13 1977 president anwar sadat eyypt opened palestine national council meeting tonight strongly worded rejection president jimmy carter concept defensible borders israel sadat mention carter name told applauding palestinians want listen occasion shall cede one inch land national land open bargaining first authoritative egyptian response carter suggestion past week middle east peace settlement might include defense lines israelis beyond country recognized 1967 frontiers sadat delivering opening address palestine liberation organization representative assembly first session since 1974 position issue secure borders sadat expressed tonight carter raised subject thinly disguised excuse sanctify israeli territorial expansion ever merit strategic concept said blown away winds october 1973 war secure borders israelis could hope suez canal bar lev line breached egyptians egyptian view security israel lies coming terms neighbors digging secure borders issue nothing fantasy sadat said admissible anybody speak secure boudaries part israeli conception absulutely unjust unacceptable peace agreement said isreal withdraw completely territory occupied 1967 believe rewarding aggressor finished received warm handshake smile yasser arafat chairman plo executive committee gesture lies possible clue mood council sadat said nothing gathering palestinians regaining former palestinian mandate eliminating israel contrary remarks context often stated policy isrealis withdraw territories captured 1967 allow creation arafat called palestinian national authority free country appears central decision facing palestinians whether go geneva accept officially unofficially idea settle mini state linked way jordan plate old dream return form homeland leadership insists council even discuss revision palestine national charter calls elimination israel palestinians heavy economic military political pressure egypt syria saudi arabia accept get overall settlement israel practical terms means west bank gaza strip state many palestinian leaders including arafat said resigned national council expected last week also scheduled take rapprochement jordan escalated anti israeli activity inside occupied territories reunification military units pitted lebanon war israeli security forces prevented student demonstration today four west bank towns support cairo meeting military said according ap four youths detained nablus national council umbrella group commonly referred palestinian parliament exile 290 seats filled palestinians throughout world representing shades palestinian opinion hard core guerrilla rejectionists western oriented politicians willing accept peace israel major known factions palestinian movement represented congress recently enlarged 187 seats give additional representative independents called palestinian diaspora palestinians moved countries dominant group still al fatah guerrilla organization led arafat 45 per cent seats pro syrian saiqa group zoheir mohsen plo military commander 15 seats important blocs militant rejection front guerrilla organizations led george habash popular front liberation palestine worker student groups seats expected left vacant allocated palestinians living israeli occupied west bank gaza strip palestinian sources say even members allowed attend israel leadership discouraged coming fear might allowed return home .

  roger mann april 27 1977 armed automatic weapons tanzanian paramilitary unit patrolling kenya tanzania border relations neighboring states sunk new post independence low past week since tanzania minister home affairs hassan moyo announced 450 mile border would permanently sealed tanzania first closed border early february impounded several million dollars worth kenyan vehicles private aircraft kenya retaliated far concerned said kenyan immigration official border things normal open 24 hours day conceded however past week four vehicles crossed post yesterday two journalists came namanga report border situation finnish television arrested tanzanian authorities filming sign reads welcome tanzania tension kenya tanzania grew collapse east african airways january two countries uganda owned airline jointly kenya subsequently started airline leased boeing 707s three dc 9s salvaged east african airways tanzania plans inauguarate national carrier next month delegations two countries met twice last month effort normalize relations kenya asked property returned immediately assets near dead east african community divided courts may decide lake victoria steamers community aircraft kenya community fell apart early year tanzania however wants use ships planes tied return kenyan property immediate division community movable assets community assets jointly paid three partner states cooperation socialist tanzania capitalistic kenya east african community something anomaly kenyans seem bewildered permanent closing border widespread feeling move politics economics nairobi weekly review speculated order socialism succeed tanzania must seal capitalistic influences capitalistic goods president julius nyerere tanzania told countrymen yesterday breakup community major setback country development plan large new infrastructure investments must urgently made tanzanian customs immigration officials admit virtually powerless post border area controlled paramilitary unit month tanzanian worked driver concern kenya 20 years caught tanzania surprise closure announcement made said troops set roadblock 20 miles border told nobody could pass without special reason driver made excuse get next town walked remaining 17 miles bush get back kenya namanga appears tanzania could preparing long spell stormy relations kenya tanzanians friends neighbors said namanga shopkeeper feel tanzanian government enemy .

  jonathon c r al november 1 1979 iraq served notice today withdrawing 1975 peace agreement iran ended three years border hostilities move reflected seriously deteriorating relations two moslem neighbors well baghdad unease sectarian religious dissent home arab nations analysts suggested iraq seeking press relative advantage troubled iran revenge 1975 accord shah mohammad reza pahlavi extracted high price ending kurdish conflict undermining bagdad authority addition undermining regional stability increasing tensions iran iraq could seriously threaten major portion world oil supply iran oil producing region inhabited largely arabs subject appeals iraq iraq large population shiite moslems whose loyalties constantly tested iran militant shiite clergy major recurring theme among international oil analysts serious disruption supply caused worsening relations iran iraq iraqi move statement released newspaper traditional conduit major arab world pronouncements also underscored tensions neighbors revealed additions apparent desire thwart syrian palestinian mediation efforts aimed smoothing misunderstandings iran arab states indicated baghdad government return classic odd man role arab politics iraqi ambassador abdel hussein muslim hassan told independent daily nahar iran immediately grant self rule volatile arab baluchi kurdish minorities withdraw three key persian gulf islands return entire shatt al arab esturary iraq p march 1975 algiers accord iraq granted iran half long disputed estuary leads 120 miles persian gulf confluence tigris euphrates rivers two signatories also agreed define common borders stop supporting subversion within state undertaking ended american iranian israeli aid late mullah mustafa barzani rebellion iraqi kurdistan soon thereafter collapsed demands statement published nahar suggestion iran voluntarily agree amendments therefore effectively gut agreement short lived reconciliation warring baath party governments iraq syria collapsed summer less year damascus propaganda resumed old accusations baghdad sold arab interests 1975 accord relations iraq shiite moslem clergy rules iran began deteriorating fall 1978 baghdad forced ayatollah ruhollah khomeini leave iraqi exile holy city najjaf ayatollah replaced shah february year recent months relations declined baghdad tehran accused arming otherwise encouraging respective kurds revolt khomeini government backed shah controversial 1971 occupation arab islands abu musa greater lesser tumb near strategic straits hormuz estimated 60 percent noncommunist world oil passes area 1975 agreement baghdad claimed iran oil producing khuzestan province originally populated exclusively arabs iraqis called arabestan support baluchis split southeastern iran southwestern pakistan also standard pre 1975 baghdad policy also behind iraqi move increasing uneasiness sunni moslem government baghdad dealing shiite moslem majority ever since khomeini came power shiite unrest kuwait bahrain also sunni minority governments prompting fears baghdad khomeini aspired export shiite led revolution shiite riots june said helped prompt iraqi strongman saddam hussein oust president ahmed hassan bakr purge leading party government officials following month low level urban guerrilla activity shiite dissidents reported around baghdad iraqi cities new president hussein espousal nationalist iraqi themes return shatt al arab backing khuzistan arabs end iran occupation three islands appear aimed widening power base seeming adoption best defense offense policy toward iran led according specialists encourage presence shah former generals former ambassador washington ardeshir zahedi border area many shah pretorian guard called javidan immortals kurds high officers reported presence border area thought connected anti khomeini activity analysts struck rapidity iraqi government return traditional go alone attitude year ago iraq reversed decade isolation offering end feud syria cooperate arab governments effort offset separate peace egypt israel saddam hussein master plan soon came undone contributing factors iranian revolution iranian kurds uprising ensuing nervousness shiite unrest .

  alma guillermoprieto november 17 1981 bianca jagger aide rep ronald dellums calif well several representatives relief church organizations reported today witnessed incursion salvadoran army honduras near refugee camp earlier day plane belonging french relief group aviation sans frontieres set fire la virtud site refugee camp rightist paramilitary group could take pick group journalists waiting tegucigalpa capital honduras rightist group presumed honduran movement anticommunist action painted red graffiti last night houses used various relief agencies operating la virtud approximately 120 armed civilians entered camp la virtud noon surrounded refugees officials aviation sans frontieres said officials radio contact time visiting church relief delegation making one day visit camp group salvadoran soldiers remained outside camp officials french relief organization said delegation reported jagger nicaraguan ex wife rock star mick jagger visitors took photographs civilians tied 20 refugees gunpoint tried lead away aid officials said discussion ensued members relief delegation armed civilians captured refugees released delegation members cameras broken armed civilians aid officials said soldiers armed civilians subsequently withdrew outskirts tiny mountain village approximately 10 000 refugees live groups armed salvadoran civilians frequently operate jointly salvadoran troops inside country visiting delegation also including robert brauer dellums aide james gittings editor protestant church publication ad russell davenport consultant international relief organization oxfam decided stay la virtud several members told officials guarantee safety refugees visitors contact offices united nations high commissioner refugees whose offices two way radio often used private relief organizations operates u n high commissioner office requested interview commander honduran army charge la virtud region officials aviation sans frontieres said burning plane la virtud prevented group journalists join delegation visit honduran camp approximately 10 000 salvadoran refugees housed 10 camps many peasant homes along honduran border refugees victims salvadoran civil war cared assortment international relief organizations .

  karen deyoung karen deyoung associate editor senior national security correspondent email bio follow may 14 1983 nestled edge san jose bustling international airport two hangars house half dozen small propeller planes two seater bubble helicopter grass outside partially overgrown weeds clearly long disabled camouflage painted sikorsky chopper lies belly welcome headquarters air force costa rica information minister armando vargas says solemnly breaking laugh government officials seem take pride exposing country military weakness handful unarmed aircraft four boat navy poorly equipped 6 000 man police force constitutionally barred turning army 35 years relatively peaceful existence regional anomaly stable democracy declared internal external enemies costa rica finding increasingly difficult remain aloof bloody conflicts sweeping rest isthmus longtime avid often amused observer political strife neighboring nicaragua costa rica sees problems immediately across northern border beyond threat political system fragile economy image international neutrality cultivated carefully decades nicaragua sandinista government charged escalating attacks along southern frontier led exiled guerrilla hero eden pastora launched inside costa rican territory officials issue public denials acknowledge privately little control rebel activity note difficulty stopping movement widespread public support costa rica capital rival representatives countless factions various central american wars gather freedom plot plan hold press conferences leading charges costa rica condones actions despite gratitude continuing desperate need u economic aid government visibly winces time reagan administration loudly proclaims costa rica shares concern supports policies region result officials said longtime democratic friends western europe latin america whose help also needed begun snubbing san jose see long arm washington draped around costa rica shoulder feel little bit alone president luis alberto monge said interview described act near desperation critics inevitably called response u pressure involve nations anti sandinista campaign monge called multinational latin american force oversee costa rica border nicaragua certify neutrality effort met suspicion thinly veiled reluctance help prepared situation magnitude information minister vargas said want either want fall trap creating another power base reestablishing army disbanded law quarter century ago nicaraguan problem problem inside nicaragua nicaraguans fighting nicaraguans vargas said time economic crisis us costa rica want involved yet whether government likes costa rica involved nicaragua problems reasons geography history clear desire many people play role one first challenges newly pacifist costa rica early 1950s attempt disgruntled would president overthrow government help nicaraguan dictator anastasio somoza garcia father man sandinistas ultimately ousted time sandinistas ready make move son beginning 1978 costa ricans happy lend territory support effort ones gave guns said public security minister angel eduardo solano planes landed arms would nowhere without us one thing costa ricans dislike much somozas communism sandinistas veered left cuban help solano said costa ricans felt betrayed troubles inside nicaragua coincided costa rica worsening economy series strikes political pressures domestic left many believed least encouraged cuba sandinistas monge assumed office one year ago costa rica officially state crisis washington quickly came aid monge soon became one reagan administration visible friends among latin american democracies exactly echoing adminstration position nicaragua costa rica rarely disagreed course going nice someone going give millions dollars former president daniel oduber said yet monge agreed costa rican president could survive domestically anti american platform costa rica basically pro yankee country oduber said perhaps one truly latin america recently however cost closeness begun approach benefits monge said share washington belief mere existence marxist government nicaragua poses threat regional stability sandinistas would behave said costa rica would prepared peaceful coexistence neighbor different philosophy costa rican officials insist despite antipathy toward sandinistas fear leftist expansionism truly want remain uninvolved possible u security strategy region responsibilities interest united states different costa rica monge said offered san jose site u opposed open dialogue el salvador beleaguered government guerrilla opponents time end first year office monge succeeded large degree stabilizing costa rican economy strikes subversion largely ceased due eyes many officials costa rica pledge stay central american battles spend money home border situation deteriorated past several weeks costa rica says fears gains past year could lost public display unarmed weakness longer provide enough defense .

  u border patrol spotlight shines mother son honduras near u mexico border mcallen tex john moore getty images alexandra petri alexandra petri columnist offering lighter take news opinions day email bio follow columnist june 18 2018 trick forgetting children remember children able go remember child frightened everything seemed impossibly big loud sharp hard except certain pair familiar arms stop trick forgetting word child remember words like bad hombre thug instead say animals want ways assume someone age gender whatever pose threat would wrong sean spicer bumbled last year deterrent good word zero tolerance even better one likes idea human shield trick wrap words tightly cannot see child inside trick reassure deserve makes different makes children children threats thugs something within control fact nothing run particular virtue parent empathy come sarah parent brian karem tried white house press briefing last thursday brian god settle know want get tv time window havepowaboot true trick remind could worse course cages fact breitbart com quite proud cages literally torn mothers breasts thought happened careless metaphors people losing online arguments also smeared soot like dickensian orphans given coarse rags wear least footage released media orphans sure nothing dickensian trick admit happening trick see pictures except footage department health human services provides barely shows children mostly long shots murals poster justice league lingering shot seasick looking superman illegal alien smiling miserably wall occasional glimpse children show running screaming attempting suicide none requires magic never performed adept centuries squinted right possible look see child commodity sale girl eleven years old used care children boy ten years old threat needed locked behind barbed wire whole japanese population properly suspicion loyalties need restrained safety california united states still adept convenient alternative would admit put bullet child amazing child transforms man toy hand mutates dangerous weapon typeof window powaboot function window powaboot else window powabootboot window powabootboot function null document queryselector script src x3d powaboot js var script document createelement script var scripts document getelementsbytagname script 0 script src true never done forget children children long still learning everything still age something unthinkable simply enough time think yet thing happened year thing happened long remember time different child every day stretches forever new worlds invented discarded course single afternoon america place always done thing america place never done thing except stories nightmares stop right instant year two three children know america would never thing must keep must stop children longer never trick forgetting children trick never forgetting .

  u border patrol spotlight shines mother son honduras near u mexico border mcallen tex john moore getty images alexandra petri alexandra petri columnist offering lighter take news opinions day email bio follow columnist june 18 2018 trick forgetting children remember children able go remember child frightened everything seemed impossibly big loud sharp hard except certain pair familiar arms stop trick forgetting word child remember words like bad hombre thug instead say animals want ways assume someone age gender whatever pose threat would wrong sean spicer bumbled last year deterrent good word zero tolerance even better one likes idea human shield trick wrap words tightly cannot see child inside trick reassure deserve makes different makes children children threats thugs something within control fact nothing run particular virtue parent empathy come sarah parent brian karem tried white house press briefing last thursday brian god settle know want get tv time window havepowaboot true trick remind could worse course cages fact breitbart com quite proud cages literally torn mothers breasts thought happened careless metaphors people losing online arguments also smeared soot like dickensian orphans given coarse rags wear least footage released media orphans sure nothing dickensian trick admit happening trick see pictures except footage department health human services provides barely shows children mostly long shots murals poster justice league lingering shot seasick looking superman illegal alien smiling miserably wall occasional glimpse children show running screaming attempting suicide none requires magic never performed adept centuries squinted right possible look see child commodity sale girl eleven years old used care children boy ten years old threat needed locked behind barbed wire whole japanese population properly suspicion loyalties need restrained safety california united states still adept convenient alternative would admit put bullet child amazing child transforms man toy hand mutates dangerous weapon typeof window powaboot function window powaboot else window powabootboot window powabootboot function null document queryselector script src x3d powaboot js var script document createelement script var scripts document getelementsbytagname script 0 script src true never done forget children children long still learning everything still age something unthinkable simply enough time think yet thing happened year thing happened long remember time different child every day stretches forever new worlds invented discarded course single afternoon america place always done thing america place never done thing except stories nightmares stop right instant year two three children know america would never thing must keep must stop children longer never trick forgetting children trick never forgetting .

  u border patrol spotlight shines mother son honduras near u mexico border mcallen tex john moore getty images alexandra petri alexandra petri columnist offering lighter take news opinions day email bio follow columnist june 18 2018 trick forgetting children remember children able go remember child frightened everything seemed impossibly big loud sharp hard except certain pair familiar arms stop trick forgetting word child remember words like bad hombre thug instead say animals want ways assume someone age gender whatever pose threat would wrong sean spicer bumbled last year deterrent good word zero tolerance even better one likes idea human shield trick wrap words tightly cannot see child inside trick reassure deserve makes different makes children children threats thugs something within control fact nothing run particular virtue parent empathy come sarah parent brian karem tried white house press briefing last thursday brian god settle know want get tv time window havepowaboot true trick remind could worse course cages fact breitbart com quite proud cages literally torn mothers breasts thought happened careless metaphors people losing online arguments also smeared soot like dickensian orphans given coarse rags wear least footage released media orphans sure nothing dickensian trick admit happening trick see pictures except footage department health human services provides barely shows children mostly long shots murals poster justice league lingering shot seasick looking superman illegal alien smiling miserably wall occasional glimpse children show running screaming attempting suicide none requires magic never performed adept centuries squinted right possible look see child commodity sale girl eleven years old used care children boy ten years old threat needed locked behind barbed wire whole japanese population properly suspicion loyalties need restrained safety california united states still adept convenient alternative would admit put bullet child amazing child transforms man toy hand mutates dangerous weapon typeof window powaboot function window powaboot else window powabootboot window powabootboot function null document queryselector script src x3d powaboot js var script document createelement script var scripts document getelementsbytagname script 0 script src true never done forget children children long still learning everything still age something unthinkable simply enough time think yet thing happened year thing happened long remember time different child every day stretches forever new worlds invented discarded course single afternoon america place always done thing america place never done thing except stories nightmares stop right instant year two three children know america would never thing must keep must stop children longer never trick forgetting children trick never forgetting .

  sean hannity fox news conservative political action conference march 4 2016 national harbor md carolyn kaster ap erik wemple erik wemple media critic focus ups downs downs cable news industry email bio follow media critic june 21 2018 peril comes taking position today polemical trenches alongside man convictions keeping president trump hard line immigration attorney general jeff sessions april launched zero tolerance policy vis vis criminal illegal entry noted sessions wish challenge trump administration commitment public safety national security rule law warn illegally entering country rewarded instead met full prosecutorial powers department justice omitted justice department announcement core ugliness spike prosecutions turns would necessitate separation children parents border 2 000 kids yanked april 19 end may backlash surged gaslighting homeland security secretary kirstjen nielsen claimed policy separate families congress alone could fix matter white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders spoke following law brings us sean hannity fox news host appears seesaw parroting white house line dictating hannity known president shadow chief staff man reaches exalted perch via skill look instance hannity maneuvered week awkward events criticism family separation policy peaking earlier week hannity lashed back critics saying things said earlier one likes idea separating child parent issue hands congress right whole issue fixed every law changed job would happen law fix law everyone stuck neck trump sessions act inhumanity e nielsen sanders hannity corey lewandowski among many others found exposed wednesday trump signed executive order backpedaled going strong strong borders going keep families together like sight feeling families separated said trump many policy defenders duck media spotlight days hannity luxury hosts weeknight program fox news ratings envy competition accordingly man find least intrusive logical sounding plausibly specious way disappearing previous remarks replacing brand new defense president genius fully engaged wednesday night hannity offered words executive order earlier today way president saying week president addressed important issue signed executive order undoing damage ensuring illegal immigrant families would kept intact way law pass congress another president signed fixed hannity viewer missed justice department policy announcement hundreds fact checking stories caused crisis might suppose family separation policy fell scorching skies southwest onto vast u mexico border sat awaiting fix president elsewhere rant matter hannity continued casting impression scandal purely legislative way donald trump signed today let blunt last five minutes courtroom thrown least gives congress time job said contortions showcased hannity isolated accidental phenomenon programmatic mention unconscionable earlier week general tenor fox news prime time apologism trump immigration policies caught attention hollywood types working fox news corporate sibling response tweet highlighting fox news host tucker carlson argument people believe opposite mainstream outlets reporting family guy creator seth macfarlane riffed words think critically consult multiple news sources general use brain blindly obey fox news fringe stuff business like makes embarrassed work company antagonism members hollywood elite course delight people hannity carlson laura ingraham main feature fox news prime time opinion block cable news ratings justify everything fox news opinionators imperil standing backbone trump plume particular demographic cares great deal immigration voter surveys concluded per atlantic contrary popular narratives small portion 27 percent white working class voters said favor policy identifying deporting immigrants country illegally among people share belief trump wildly popular 87 percent supported president 2016 election know sure many folks watch fox news probably great great number know however carlson hannity ingraham fashion presentations mind remarks week ingraham referred facilities holding separated children summer camps hannity grasped stray talking point deflect president culpability carlson earlier year shouted president appeared go bit wobbly immigration signals trump white house want get even extreme policy area cheerleaders cable news remain one nourishes white cultural anxiety like crew .

  reid wilson reid wilson bio follow february 26 2015 members national guard patrol along rio grande texas mexico border feb 24 rio grande city tex eric gay ap top texas law enforcement agency says border security organizations apprehended several members known islamist terrorist organizations crossing southern border recent years surge officers border slowed flow drugs undocumented immigrants costing state tens millions dollars report texas elected officials state department public safety says border security agencies arrested several somali immigrants crossing southern border known members al shabab terrorist group launched deadly attack westgate shopping mall nairobi kenya al itihaad al islamiya another somalia based group funded osama bin laden another undocumented immigrant arrested crossing border multiple u terrorism watch lists report says according report one member al shabab apprehended june 2014 told authorities trained april 2014 suicide attack mogadishu said escaped reported planned attack african union troops able stop attack fbi believed another undocumented immigrant al shabab member helped smuggle several potentially dangerous terrorists u drone strike kills senior al shabab official somalia authorities also apprehended immigrants said members terrorist organizations sri lanka bangladesh department public safety said report first published houston chronicle meant public distribution hat report inappropriately obtained chronicle authorized possess post law enforcement sensitive document department press secretary tom vinger said e mail u customs border protection respond requests comment department said come contact recent years special interest aliens come countries known ties terrorists terrorist groups thrive arrested include afghans iranians iraqis syrians libyans pakistanis immigrants 35 countries asia middle east arrested past years rio grande valley department says known intelligence specifically links undocumented immigrants terrorism plots authors warn almost certain foreign terrorist organizations know porous border u mexico important note unsecure border vulnerability exploited criminals kinds vinger said would naive rule possibility criminal organizations around world including terrorists would look opportunities take advantage security gaps along country international border even without threat foreign terrorists making way across border texas law enforcement officials say seven eight major mexican drug cartels operate throughout texas cartels sent assassins far north dallas fort worth area commit murders drug trade thriving cartels also branching sex trafficking present lower risk yield higher profit drug trade report says law enforcement officials uncovered major trafficking rings operating texas georgia mississippi alabama louisiana tennessee several east coast cities almost human smuggling rings ties mexican drug cartels report found many cases undocumented immigrants kept locked small confined spaces go days without food water law enforcement officials found one stash house houston area crammed 115 illegal immigrants report says gulf zeta juarez sinaloa cartels prominent footprints texas officials also worried growing influence ms 13 salvadoran gang originated los angeles cartels effective corrupting u law enforcement officials levels dps report says surge texas dps officers national guard troops law enforcement officials ordered gov rick perry r last june worked stem last year flood undocumented immigrants crossing rio grande valley gov perry send national guard troops mexican border amid migrant crisis border officials apprehended 313 000 immigrants fy 2014 nearly three times number caught fy 2011 recent months number diminished significantly report said number arrests per week fallen high 6 000 around 2 000 surge also led seizure 1 8 billion worth cartel drugs 150 tons marijuana 588 pounds cocaine 320 pounds methamphetamines cartels shifted marijuana trafficking west mcallen small towns escobares roma cartels sending scouts watch u border patrol officers believe texas border surge end soon money runs according intelligence collected department public safety without costs dps said state national guard spent 102 million deploying troops officers bolstering surveillance capabilities state already installed 1 224 surveillance cameras along border another 4 000 cameras installed coming months fully securing border would require constant presence incredible number troops many 76 000 report found summer surge sent 1 000 national guard soldiers border .

  reid wilson reid wilson bio follow february 26 2015 members national guard patrol along rio grande texas mexico border feb 24 rio grande city tex eric gay ap top texas law enforcement agency says border security organizations apprehended several members known islamist terrorist organizations crossing southern border recent years surge officers border slowed flow drugs undocumented immigrants costing state tens millions dollars report texas elected officials state department public safety says border security agencies arrested several somali immigrants crossing southern border known members al shabab terrorist group launched deadly attack westgate shopping mall nairobi kenya al itihaad al islamiya another somalia based group funded osama bin laden another undocumented immigrant arrested crossing border multiple u terrorism watch lists report says according report one member al shabab apprehended june 2014 told authorities trained april 2014 suicide attack mogadishu said escaped reported planned attack african union troops able stop attack fbi believed another undocumented immigrant al shabab member helped smuggle several potentially dangerous terrorists u drone strike kills senior al shabab official somalia authorities also apprehended immigrants said members terrorist organizations sri lanka bangladesh department public safety said report first published houston chronicle meant public distribution hat report inappropriately obtained chronicle authorized possess post law enforcement sensitive document department press secretary tom vinger said e mail u customs border protection respond requests comment department said come contact recent years special interest aliens come countries known ties terrorists terrorist groups thrive arrested include afghans iranians iraqis syrians libyans pakistanis immigrants 35 countries asia middle east arrested past years rio grande valley department says known intelligence specifically links undocumented immigrants terrorism plots authors warn almost certain foreign terrorist organizations know porous border u mexico important note unsecure border vulnerability exploited criminals kinds vinger said would naive rule possibility criminal organizations around world including terrorists would look opportunities take advantage security gaps along country international border even without threat foreign terrorists making way across border texas law enforcement officials say seven eight major mexican drug cartels operate throughout texas cartels sent assassins far north dallas fort worth area commit murders drug trade thriving cartels also branching sex trafficking present lower risk yield higher profit drug trade report says law enforcement officials uncovered major trafficking rings operating texas georgia mississippi alabama louisiana tennessee several east coast cities almost human smuggling rings ties mexican drug cartels report found many cases undocumented immigrants kept locked small confined spaces go days without food water law enforcement officials found one stash house houston area crammed 115 illegal immigrants report says gulf zeta juarez sinaloa cartels prominent footprints texas officials also worried growing influence ms 13 salvadoran gang originated los angeles cartels effective corrupting u law enforcement officials levels dps report says surge texas dps officers national guard troops law enforcement officials ordered gov rick perry r last june worked stem last year flood undocumented immigrants crossing rio grande valley gov perry send national guard troops mexican border amid migrant crisis border officials apprehended 313 000 immigrants fy 2014 nearly three times number caught fy 2011 recent months number diminished significantly report said number arrests per week fallen high 6 000 around 2 000 surge also led seizure 1 8 billion worth cartel drugs 150 tons marijuana 588 pounds cocaine 320 pounds methamphetamines cartels shifted marijuana trafficking west mcallen small towns escobares roma cartels sending scouts watch u border patrol officers believe texas border surge end soon money runs according intelligence collected department public safety without costs dps said state national guard spent 102 million deploying troops officers bolstering surveillance capabilities state already installed 1 224 surveillance cameras along border another 4 000 cameras installed coming months fully securing border would require constant presence incredible number troops many 76 000 report found summer surge sent 1 000 national guard soldiers border .

  reid wilson reid wilson bio follow february 26 2015 members national guard patrol along rio grande texas mexico border feb 24 rio grande city tex eric gay ap top texas law enforcement agency says border security organizations apprehended several members known islamist terrorist organizations crossing southern border recent years surge officers border slowed flow drugs undocumented immigrants costing state tens millions dollars report texas elected officials state department public safety says border security agencies arrested several somali immigrants crossing southern border known members al shabab terrorist group launched deadly attack westgate shopping mall nairobi kenya al itihaad al islamiya another somalia based group funded osama bin laden another undocumented immigrant arrested crossing border multiple u terrorism watch lists report says according report one member al shabab apprehended june 2014 told authorities trained april 2014 suicide attack mogadishu said escaped reported planned attack african union troops able stop attack fbi believed another undocumented immigrant al shabab member helped smuggle several potentially dangerous terrorists u drone strike kills senior al shabab official somalia authorities also apprehended immigrants said members terrorist organizations sri lanka bangladesh department public safety said report first published houston chronicle meant public distribution hat report inappropriately obtained chronicle authorized possess post law enforcement sensitive document department press secretary tom vinger said e mail u customs border protection respond requests comment department said come contact recent years special interest aliens come countries known ties terrorists terrorist groups thrive arrested include afghans iranians iraqis syrians libyans pakistanis immigrants 35 countries asia middle east arrested past years rio grande valley department says known intelligence specifically links undocumented immigrants terrorism plots authors warn almost certain foreign terrorist organizations know porous border u mexico important note unsecure border vulnerability exploited criminals kinds vinger said would naive rule possibility criminal organizations around world including terrorists would look opportunities take advantage security gaps along country international border even without threat foreign terrorists making way across border texas law enforcement officials say seven eight major mexican drug cartels operate throughout texas cartels sent assassins far north dallas fort worth area commit murders drug trade thriving cartels also branching sex trafficking present lower risk yield higher profit drug trade report says law enforcement officials uncovered major trafficking rings operating texas georgia mississippi alabama louisiana tennessee several east coast cities almost human smuggling rings ties mexican drug cartels report found many cases undocumented immigrants kept locked small confined spaces go days without food water law enforcement officials found one stash house houston area crammed 115 illegal immigrants report says gulf zeta juarez sinaloa cartels prominent footprints texas officials also worried growing influence ms 13 salvadoran gang originated los angeles cartels effective corrupting u law enforcement officials levels dps report says surge texas dps officers national guard troops law enforcement officials ordered gov rick perry r last june worked stem last year flood undocumented immigrants crossing rio grande valley gov perry send national guard troops mexican border amid migrant crisis border officials apprehended 313 000 immigrants fy 2014 nearly three times number caught fy 2011 recent months number diminished significantly report said number arrests per week fallen high 6 000 around 2 000 surge also led seizure 1 8 billion worth cartel drugs 150 tons marijuana 588 pounds cocaine 320 pounds methamphetamines cartels shifted marijuana trafficking west mcallen small towns escobares roma cartels sending scouts watch u border patrol officers believe texas border surge end soon money runs according intelligence collected department public safety without costs dps said state national guard spent 102 million deploying troops officers bolstering surveillance capabilities state already installed 1 224 surveillance cameras along border another 4 000 cameras installed coming months fully securing border would require constant presence incredible number troops many 76 000 report found summer surge sent 1 000 national guard soldiers border .

  greg sargent greg sargent opinion writer covering national politics email bio follow opinion writer june 18 2014 want understand difficult jam obama right immigration pay close attention hillary clinton remarks town hall meeting yesterday tens thousands minors crossing border illegally south texas clinton gives nuanced answer ultimately declares must sent home answer obama degree constrained giving meanwhile ballooning major crisis total 90 000 minors may apprehended year another 142 000 next year clinton makes good moral case legalizing raising families working hard contributing country rubicon republicans cross allows obama pressure ease deportations required continue current law tough spot arguing ultimate humanitarian goal must stop breaking families answer migrating minors important numbers increasing dramatically main reason believe happening violence certain central american countries increasing dramatically provide best emergency care provide children five six years old come central america sent back soon determined responsible adults families concerns whether sent back think reunited families send clear message child gets across border mean child gets stay want send message contrary laws encourage children make dangerous journey gets exactly situation difficult one hand clinton right note surge unaccompanied migrants many causes violence home countries however also true one thing driving spike really belief children allowed stay republicans blame perception obama de prioritization deportation dreamers buttress broader case obama refusal enforce law causing crisis generally responsible border chaos however kids eligible stay deferred action childhood arrivals even mis perception eligible partial cause crisis good argument policy indeed telling republicans answer asked directly whether want obama deport dreamers low level offenders interior know human smuggling networks may falsely propagating rumors recruit clients whose families pay large sums trip north administration like hillary working send message rumors false problem obama cannot lean hard message kids need sent home hillary talk would play deporter chief narrative critics left also deporting kids immediately simply option cases hillary says desirable outcome given conditions home broadly current law requires channeled legal proceedings united family members possible awaiting court date courts backlogged according advocates many show meaning essentially disappear best determine administration released numbers many arrived fashion showed court sent home indeed hillary suggests sending kids home option crisis easy solutions frank sharry america voice tells easy say sent home really hard law requires get day court many qualify form relief make sure kids opportunity present situation court like refugees immigrants making sure show would require holding kids huge detention centers rather releasing family massive infusion judges relieve backlog courts neither possible current budgetary political restraints bottom line obama political policy challenge strike right balance humanity rule law yet clear easy answer either front let alone way balance two crisis probably managed best possible optics terrible make easier republicans demagogue issue avoid participation solving short term long term crisis far easier hillary strike balance rhetorically obama strike real world clear way successfully clear problem going away window havepowaboot true .

  greg sargent greg sargent opinion writer covering national politics email bio follow opinion writer june 18 2014 want understand difficult jam obama right immigration pay close attention hillary clinton remarks town hall meeting yesterday tens thousands minors crossing border illegally south texas clinton gives nuanced answer ultimately declares must sent home answer obama degree constrained giving meanwhile ballooning major crisis total 90 000 minors may apprehended year another 142 000 next year clinton makes good moral case legalizing raising families working hard contributing country rubicon republicans cross allows obama pressure ease deportations required continue current law tough spot arguing ultimate humanitarian goal must stop breaking families answer migrating minors important numbers increasing dramatically main reason believe happening violence certain central american countries increasing dramatically provide best emergency care provide children five six years old come central america sent back soon determined responsible adults families concerns whether sent back think reunited families send clear message child gets across border mean child gets stay want send message contrary laws encourage children make dangerous journey gets exactly situation difficult one hand clinton right note surge unaccompanied migrants many causes violence home countries however also true one thing driving spike really belief children allowed stay republicans blame perception obama de prioritization deportation dreamers buttress broader case obama refusal enforce law causing crisis generally responsible border chaos however kids eligible stay deferred action childhood arrivals even mis perception eligible partial cause crisis good argument policy indeed telling republicans answer asked directly whether want obama deport dreamers low level offenders interior know human smuggling networks may falsely propagating rumors recruit clients whose families pay large sums trip north administration like hillary working send message rumors false problem obama cannot lean hard message kids need sent home hillary talk would play deporter chief narrative critics left also deporting kids immediately simply option cases hillary says desirable outcome given conditions home broadly current law requires channeled legal proceedings united family members possible awaiting court date courts backlogged according advocates many show meaning essentially disappear best determine administration released numbers many arrived fashion showed court sent home indeed hillary suggests sending kids home option crisis easy solutions frank sharry america voice tells easy say sent home really hard law requires get day court many qualify form relief make sure kids opportunity present situation court like refugees immigrants making sure show would require holding kids huge detention centers rather releasing family massive infusion judges relieve backlog courts neither possible current budgetary political restraints bottom line obama political policy challenge strike right balance humanity rule law yet clear easy answer either front let alone way balance two crisis probably managed best possible optics terrible make easier republicans demagogue issue avoid participation solving short term long term crisis far easier hillary strike balance rhetorically obama strike real world clear way successfully clear problem going away window havepowaboot true .

  president obama speaks paramount theatre austin july 10 president also visited dallas chose go mexico border despite many congress urging jack plunkett ap sebastian payne sebastian payne email bio follow july 17 2014 surge migrant children trying cross united states southern border led sustained republican criticism president obama visiting site crisis many critics border past months survey conducted washington post reveals since number unaccompanied children arriving central america surged may many members congress parties argued president mishandled situation witness crisis first hand two vocal critics house speaker john boehner r ohio sen ted cruz r tex visited last two months cruz office noted senator toured air force base san antonio last month many children held trip friday rio grande valley among democrats house democratic whip rep steny hoyer md said hurt obama visit border either members congressional leadership border include chair house republican conference rep cathy mcmorris rodgers r wash sen john barrasso r wy0 chair republican policy committee chair obama visited texas last week declined go border stating interested photo ops interested solving problem many republican members congress texas explicitly hit president avoiding border including reps kenny marchant joe barton jeb hensarling even visited least texas delegation scheduled visit rio grande valley friday trip led rep sam johnson r tex examine crisis first hand members since may planning trips august recess way fully grasp scope depth crisis simple briefing washington johnson said statement majority members senate committee homeland security governmental affairs jurisdiction agencies dealing border crisis visited border since crisis developed may committee chairman sen thomas carper del supportive president border since may visited guatemala mexico april sen rob portman r ohio urged president go border last week along ron johnson committee member sen michael enzi r wyo criticized obama decision visit border gone among members house homeland security committee rep richard hudson r n c wants build fence across entire southern border reps peter king r n jeff duncan r c criticized obama handling situation none border last two months person close committee says trip organized members house homeland security committee july 3 invitation committee members declined due prior commitments holiday weekend half committee plus representatives visited border patrol station mcallen tex .

  president obama speaks paramount theatre austin july 10 president also visited dallas chose go mexico border despite many congress urging jack plunkett ap sebastian payne sebastian payne email bio follow july 17 2014 surge migrant children trying cross united states southern border led sustained republican criticism president obama visiting site crisis many critics border past months survey conducted washington post reveals since number unaccompanied children arriving central america surged may many members congress parties argued president mishandled situation witness crisis first hand two vocal critics house speaker john boehner r ohio sen ted cruz r tex visited last two months cruz office noted senator toured air force base san antonio last month many children held trip friday rio grande valley among democrats house democratic whip rep steny hoyer md said hurt obama visit border either members congressional leadership border include chair house republican conference rep cathy mcmorris rodgers r wash sen john barrasso r wy0 chair republican policy committee chair obama visited texas last week declined go border stating interested photo ops interested solving problem many republican members congress texas explicitly hit president avoiding border including reps kenny marchant joe barton jeb hensarling even visited least texas delegation scheduled visit rio grande valley friday trip led rep sam johnson r tex examine crisis first hand members since may planning trips august recess way fully grasp scope depth crisis simple briefing washington johnson said statement majority members senate committee homeland security governmental affairs jurisdiction agencies dealing border crisis visited border since crisis developed may committee chairman sen thomas carper del supportive president border since may visited guatemala mexico april sen rob portman r ohio urged president go border last week along ron johnson committee member sen michael enzi r wyo criticized obama decision visit border gone among members house homeland security committee rep richard hudson r n c wants build fence across entire southern border reps peter king r n jeff duncan r c criticized obama handling situation none border last two months person close committee says trip organized members house homeland security committee july 3 invitation committee members declined due prior commitments holiday weekend half committee plus representatives visited border patrol station mcallen tex .

  window havepowaboot true jennifer rubin jennifer rubin opinion writer covering politics policy foreign domestic email bio follow opinion writer june 18 2018 administration nerve put vice president cabinet official sunday shows defend zero tolerance policy result mass separation children families border see stephen miller white house official told post great idea use kids extract immigration concessions congress instead administration sent counselor president kellyanne conway woman demonstrated time time say anything matter preposterous defend president performance call meet press stunningly disingenuous shed crocodile tears immigrant kids invoked catholicism demonstrate concerned children boss snatching away arms parents blamed democrats courts even lack money cowardly non defense suggests knows policy wrong nerve call end chuck todd president ready make phone call attorney general department homeland security stop policy conway president ready get meaningful immigration reform across board chuck let tell nobody likes seeing babies ripped mothers arms mothers wombs frankly make sure dhs laws understood soundbite culture live loopholes allowing open border policies think president saying democrats serious come together try close loopholes get real immigration reform todd sounds like going sound harsh sounds like holding kids hostage get democrats table pass law laid compassionate case conway well certainly agree todd empathetic traumatic things kid separate parents made traumatic journey right understand immigration debate going country use kids leverage conway well certainly want anybody use kids leverage evasion denial blame shifting think work white house tell boss reverse course bizarrely homeland security secretary kirstjen nielsen claimed policy separating families border period conway knew ineptly tried defend indefensible policy melania trump made rare effort weigh policy issue mrs trump hates see children separated families hopes sides aisle finally come together achieve successful immigration reform statement spokeswoman read believes need country follows laws also country governs heart actually need sides come together president trump instituted zero tolerance policy continued carry child separations ruthless efficiency needs new funding republican allies control congress problem al cardenas longtime republican donor strategist let loose gop conway horrifying performance meet press refugee came america experienced pain heartbreak child experience never go away lifetime justify saying clean bed food cruel comment regarding going children hearts parents debunk two myths lies white house right number one things two areas number one office refugee resettlement white house changed rules would ones would intake children would interview children relatives mostly undocumented would turn children relatives president united states changed gave ice immigration customs enforcement jurisdiction office refugee resettlement decades second policy really president total authority deal separation children arguments fallacious meantime 2 000 children separated weeks deplorable wrong thing needs get fixed left former first lady laura bush make stirring convincing case trump policy appreciate need enforce protect international boundaries zero tolerance policy cruel immoral breaks heart wrote op ed post government business warehousing children converted box stores making plans place tent cities desert outside el paso images eerily reminiscent japanese american internment camps world war ii considered one shameful episodes u history also know treatment inflicts trauma interned japanese two times likely suffer cardiovascular disease die prematurely interned problem republicans become invested anti immigrant furor cannot stop even wind humiliating real political damage party rick santorum mr family values appearing cnn blamed parents come intoned first desperate people many cases escaping violence potential death second acceptable decent humane country visit sins parent child responsible child morally required least traumatize life many scandals outrages trump want accept blame decisions doubt could stop child separation americans regardless party speak one voice enough .

  mr obama tear wall sam hodgson bloomberg news max ehrenfreund max ehrenfreund reporter bio follow november 10 2014 berlin wall ugly symbol communist oppression eastern europe russia people lived behind wall practical significance stopped leaving homes seeking better life west protesters berlin breached wall 25 years ago nov 9 1989 might seem like long time ago barriers migration legal physical still keeping people developing countries poor posing real long term risk economies rich countries several economists made point forcefully past days tyler cowen argues poor countries population projected grow enormously next decades way people enough get move wealthier parts world meanwhile fertility rate falls developed world population ages countries rely young migrants elsewhere avoid lasting decline economic vitality argument open borders goes beyond self interest tim harford notes unfair someone nationality important factor chances life differences countries much greater differences within mcdonald employees united states make 10 times would make jobs india eric posner glen weyl note poorest americans making 3 000 4 000 year better three five people around world least terms dollars real commitment fairness posner weyl argue means giving people poor countries opportunity move richer ones frustrated crowds looking barriers made cement wire topple always find five places could benefit crumbling walls around world japan thecountry could use liberal immigration policies probably developed nation antipathy toward immigrations pacific ocean keep migrants effectively wall given policies country low birthrates surprise nation economy near stagnant long australia theislandnation also taken drastic measures stop migrants coming ashore country built detention center heart jungle christmas island hundreds miles northwest mainland cost 370 million enormously expensive project detain around 1 200 people european union migrants africa cross mediterranean seek asylum eu italian island lampedusa last year island made headlines hundreds people drowned overburdened boat bound island libyan coast caught fire capsized still places old fashioned walls matter take spanish enclave melilla north africa migrants climb fences cross europe political boundary eight mile fence greece built along narrow border turkey united states u maintains southern fence 650 miles even though many mexicans returning home immigrating tearing particular wall might bold measure immigration reform could provide nice boost america economy u example shows reforming immigration laws difficult politically posner weyl unpleasant suggestion policymakers rich countries seek compromise opponents immigration qatar could allow workers without extending legal protections idea worth considering least given much gain immigration everyone involved easier said done china eager north koreans immigrate en masse across border even pyongyang would let israel palestinian territories concerns economic freedom afterthought given intensity intricacy conflict border crisis finally forced germany two halves back together 1989 east germans leaving illegally droves neighboring countries demonstrators pulled wall east german officials fumbled response following reunification east germans took advantage newfound freedom move west millions mass migration continued recently counting rest soviet bloc left end communism especially countries joined european union per capita income east germany doubled since reunification economist reports almost every east german home central heating compared three five communism standards living improved west well sure changes largely due end soviet planning emigration eastern germany still economic case immigration strong today 1989 easier cross border better people live sides migrants cross spanish melilla last month jose palazon osma afp photo prodein .

  museums openings corcoran home free national exhibit wednesday aug 9 continuing scholastic art writing awards 2004 aug 2 sally mann remains sept 6 search self paintings drawings anil revri sept 13 eyes history 2004 exhibition award winning photographs white house photojournalists july 19 norman rockwell four freedoms paintings inspired nation sept 6 permanent collection includes salon dore french gilt room 16th century italian earthenware 17th 20th century european paintings 18th 20th century american paintings open friday monday wednesday 10 5 thursday 10 9 closed tuesday 6 75 seniors 4 75 students ages 13 18 3 children 12 free family 12 free mondays day thursdays 5 500 17th st nw 202 639 1700 walters illuminating word gospel books middle ages saturday oct 3 eve battle wednesday oct 17 continuing art india nepal tibet john berthe ford collection indefinitely art ancient americas indefinitely permanent collection egyptian greek roman antiquities byzantine silver medieval armor faberge eggs 16th 19th century paintings sculpture hackerman house chinese japanese porcelains japanese decorative arts early buddhist sculpture china southeast asian art open friday sunday wednesday thursday 10 5 closed monday tuesday 8 seniors 6 students ages 18 25 5 17 free free saturdays 11 1 600 n charles st baltimore 410 547 9000 woodrow wilson house monograms wilson house collection opens tuesday president wilson home exhibits memorabilia administration era open tuesday sunday 10 4 5 4 seniors 2 50 students children 7 free 2340 st nw 202 387 4062 exhibitions african art playful performances celebration maskmaking masquerade performance african children dec 12 insights works nine contemporary african artists nov 28 open indefinitely ancient west african city benin 1300 1897 art personal object images power identity open daily 10 5 30 950 independence ave sw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 air space open indefinitely wright brothers invention aerial age explore universe earth today digital view dynamic planet gps new constellation things fly interactive gallery principles flight modern carrier aviation seapower changing world pershing ii ss 20 missiles commuting amphibian manner grumman goose carrier war pacific beyond limits flight enters computer age voyager around world without pit stop looking earth aerial photography golden age flight large format films imax theater infinity express albert einstein planetarium open daily 10 5 30 seventh independence sw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 american dime museum baltimore betsy finger painting chimp retrospective work aug 31 strands time sentimental works hair midway miniature remember permanent exhibition memorabilia objects 19th century dime museums sideshows open wednesday friday noon 3 saturday sunday noon 5 5 ages 6 12 3 6 free 1808 maryland ave baltimore 410 230 0263 american history proudly hail wwii photographic perspectives separate equal brown v board education may taking america lunch metal lunchboxes beverage containers indefinitely beatles backstage behind scenes mike mccartney liverpool life jan 5 bon appetit julia child kitchen smithsonian september 2005 open indefinitely america move slates slide rules software teaching math america within walls american presidency glorious burden lighting revolution ii time ella fitzgerald first lady song communities changing nation promise 19th century america perfect union japanese americans u constitution world war ii gi american soldier experience science american life first ladies political role public image american encounters cultures new mexico parlor politics women reform america 1890 1925 information age people information technology field factory african american migration 1915 1940 engines change american industrial revolution 1790 1860 hands science room open 12 30 5 tuesday friday 10 5 saturday sunday closed federal holidays hands history center open noon 3 tuesday sunday closed federal holidays museum open daily 10 5 30 14th constitution nw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 american visionary art museum golden blessings old age mouths babes indefinitely changing exhibitions works self taught artists open tuesday sunday 10 6 6 seniors students children 4 800 key hwy baltimore 410 244 1900 anacostia museum stories true african american writers speak dec 31 open daily 10 5 1901 fort pl se 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 anderson house beyond battlefield daily life revolutionary war soldier oct 2 headquarters society cincinnati exhibits items related american revolution collections american european oriental antiques artifacts open tuesday saturday 1 4 2118 massachusetts ave nw 202 785 2040 ext 2 art museum americas permanent collection 20th century latin american art open tuesday sunday 10 5 201 18th st nw 202 458 6016 baltimore museum art kerry james marshall one true thing meditations black aesthetics sept 5 celebration vision hewitt collection african american art aug 8 architect john russell pope baltimore aug 1 picasso surrealism war years aug 29 grand legacy five centuries european art indefinitely permanent exhibitions include cone collection postimpressionist early modern art old masters galleries american wing american decorative arts garrett lucas collections prints drawings saidie may collection art since 1900 open friday wednesday thursday 11 5 saturday sunday 11 6 open 8 first thursday month 7 seniors students 5 age 19 free free first thursday monthly north charles street art museum drive baltimore 410 396 7100 belair mansion stable slaves belair indefinitely building great house indefinitely restored 1745 plantation home furnished period antiques early 20th century thoroughbred racing museum open thursday sunday 1 4 12207 tulip grove dr bowie 301 809 3089 bowie railroad station museum historic images railroad town indefinitely interactive exhibit telegraph railroad operations open indefinitely open saturday sunday wednesday thursday noon 4 8614 chestnut ave bowie 301 809 3089 bureau engraving printing public tours available weekdays except holidays 9 2 5 7 day timed entry tickets required may obtained raoul wallenberg place 15th street ticket booth starting 8 visitors center open 8 30 3 photo identification required 14th c sw 202 874 2330 866 874 2330 city museum washington exhibitions washington perspectives taking closer look images albert small collection sandlots stadiums sports community washington chinatown place people mount vernon square communities generations change exhibition admission 3 students seniors 2 multimedia show 5 students seniors 4 research library free open tuesdays sundays 10 5 new york avenue ninth street nw 202 383 1800 college park aviation museum women air service pilots remembering service sept 15 rediscovering early flight lens photographing wright experience dec 31 permanent exhibits memorabilia related history aviation world oldest continuously operating airport open daily 10 5 4 seniors 3 children 2 1985 cpl frank scott dr college park 301 864 6029 dar something old something new inventing american wedding sept 4 permanent collection includes ceramics glass silver period rooms children section open monday friday 9 30 4 saturday 9 5 closed sundays 1776 st nw 202 879 3254 dea museum air land sea 2004 illegal drugs america indefinitely exhibits videos interactive displays tracing history drug abuse illegal drugs federal drug law enforcement america open tuesday friday 10 4 700 army navy dr arlington 202 307 3463 decatur house permanent exhibitions federalist furnishings architecture 1818 federal style townhouse open friday saturday 10 5 sunday noon 4 tuesday wednesday 10 5 thursday 10 8 1610 h st nw 202 842 0920 dumbarton house circa 1800 headquarters national society colonial dames america houses permanent collection 18th 19th century english american furniture ceramics silver textiles paintings open tuesday saturday 10 2 guided tours tuesday saturday 10 15 11 15 12 15 1 15 5 students free 2715 q st nw 202 337 2288 dumbarton oaks permanent collection pre columbian byzantine classical works open tuesday sunday 2 5 donation requested ten acres formal gardens open tuesday sunday 2 6 admission 6 seniors ages 12 4 1703 32nd st nw 202 339 6401 eisenhower executive office building tours restored executive office building available advance reservation saturdays 9 noon security approval required 17th pennsylvania nw 202 395 5895 fairfax museum permanent collection american indian colonial civil war objects open daily 9 5 10209 main st fairfax 703 385 8414 folger shakespeare library voices tolerance age persecution oct 30 open monday saturday 10 4 201 east capitol st se 202 544 4600 fort ward permanent exhibits civil war artifacts open tuesday saturday 9 5 sunday noon 5 4301 w braddock rd alexandria 703 838 4848 frederick douglass home visitors center offers orientation last residence 19th century abolitionist open daily 9 5 1411 w st se 202 426 5961 freer gallery luxury luminosity visual culture ming court june 26 work commerce everyday life chinese painting jan 17 whistler paris lithographs belle epoque 1891 1896 aug 5 birds beasts japanese art tea ceremony melting pot july 18 religious art japan december open indefinitely whistler paintings freer south asian sculpture winged figures arts islamic world art art sake charles lang freer egypt shades blue green chinese celadon ceramics ancient chinese pottery bronze changing exhibits permanent collections asian american art open daily 10 5 30 jefferson drive 12th street sw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 george washington masonic national memorial permanent exhibit george washington collection open daily 9 5 101 callahan dr alexandria 703 683 2007 hillwood tradition transition russian icons age romanovs dec 31 former home marjorie merriweather post houses permanent collection russian french decorative art reservations required 12 seniors 10 students 7 ages 6 18 5 4155 linnean ave nw information 202 686 8500 reservations 202 686 5807 hirshhorn directions gabriel orozco extension reflection sept 6 permanent collection 19th 20th century paintings sculpture outdoor sculpture garden open daily 10 5 30 seventh independence sw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 interior department museum home frederick douglass cranes aug 6 continuation arts generations indian crafts sept 30 permanent exhibits pertaining american historical events locales open weekdays except federal holidays 8 30 4 30 1 4 third saturday monthly 18th c nw 202 208 4743 international spy museum enemy within terror america 1776 today indefinitely exhibit admission 5 seniors 4 ages 5 11 3 younger free permanent displays wristwatch cameras poison gas guns world war ii enigma cipher machine coding machines disguises etc open daily 9 8 museum admission 13 seniors 12 ages 5 11 10 younger free 800 f st nw 202 393 7798 koshland science museum wonders science global warming facts future putting dna work open daily except tuesdays 10 5 5 seniors students military 3 sixth e nw 202 334 1201 kreeger museum art war works kreeger collection july 31 true artist amazing luminous fountain july 31 philip johnson designed former residence carmen david kreeger displays collection 19th 20th century paintings sculpture traditional african art open saturday 10 4 guided tours reservation tuesday friday 10 30 1 30 8 seniors students 5 2401 foxhall rd nw 202 338 3552 library congress humor edge cartoons ann telnaes sept 4 even hand brown vs board fifty nov 13 churchill great republic life career winston churchill saturday american treasures library congress rotating permanent exhibition american treasures information 202 707 3834 open indefinitely bob hope american variety stay legacy george ira gershwin open monday saturday 10 5 first independence se 202 707 4604 loudoun museum permanent collection indian revolutionary war civil war local history objects 1 children 50 cents 14 16 loudoun st sw leesburg 703 777 7427 manassas museum permanent collection indian colonial railroad civil war local history objects open friday sunday tuesday thursday 10 5 3 seniors ages 6 17 2 6 free sundays free 9101 prince william st manassas 703 368 1873 marine corps korean war 50th anniversary commemorative exhibition history corps 1775 present iwo jima flag open monday friday 10 4 building 58 washington navy yard ninth se 202 433 3534 maryland historical society baltimore ablaze great fire 1904 oct 31 permanent exhibitions looking liberty overview maryland history maryland artist eye open friday sunday wednesday thursday 10 5 8 seniors students 6 ages 3 12 4 3 free 201 w monument st baltimore 410 685 3750 mount vernon home burial place george washington open daily 8 5 11 seniors 10 50 ages 6 11 5 6 free south end george washington parkway eight miles south alexandria 703 780 2000 national archives permanent displays declaration independence constitution bill rights exhibition charters freedom open daily 10 5 30 ninth constitution nw 202 501 5000 national building museum liquid stone new architecture concrete jan 23 samuel mockbee rural studio community architecture sept 6 affordable housing designing american asset aug 8 symphony steel ironworkers walt disney concert hall aug 22 building tours monday wednesday 12 30 thursday saturday 11 30 12 30 1 30 sunday 12 30 1 30 museum open monday saturday 10 5 sunday 11 5 fourth f nw 202 272 2448 national cryptologic museum exhibits artifacts history code making code breaking open weekdays 9 4 national security agency route 32 fort meade md 301 688 5849 national firearms museum permanent exhibits tracing evolution firearms role history united states open daily 10 4 national rifle association 11250 waples mill rd fairfax 703 267 1600 national gallery art east american masters bingham eakins john wilmerding collection oct 10 courtly art ancient maya cubist paintings diego rivera memory politics place july 25 small french paintings indefinitely permanent collection 20th century art open friday saturday monday thursday 10 5 sunday 11 6 fourth constitution nw 202 737 4215 tdd 202 842 6176 national gallery art west hudson river school visions landscapes sanford r gifford sept 26 drawings jim dine aug 1 permanent collections european american paintings sculpture decorative arts 13th 19th centuries outdoor sculpture garden open monday saturday 10 5 sunday 11 6 sixth constitution nw 202 737 4215 tdd 202 842 6176 national geographic dogs wolf myth hero friend sept 6 feel home world refugee day poster contest aug 11 open monday saturday 9 5 sunday 10 5 17th nw 202 857 7588 national museum american jewish military history reconnaissance recollection military civilian photographs world war ii indefinitely open monday friday 9 5 1811 r st nw 202 265 6280 national museum civil war medicine building past military medicine 21st century nurses civil war art embalming dead american civil war permanent exhibits medical equipment photographs camp creations memorabilia related medical care civil war open monday saturday 10 4 sunday 11 4 6 50 seniors 6 children 10 16 4 50 10 free 48 e patrick st frederick 301 695 1864 national museum health medicine open indefinitely human body human evolution microscope living world aids bind nation wounds open daily 10 5 30 armed forces institute pathology walter reed army medical center building 54 6900 georgia ave nw 202 782 2200 national museum women arts focus soul photographs lotte jacobi sept 5 nordic cool hot women designers sept 12 book art xv nov 28 selections permanent collection indefinitely selections silver collection indefinitely 8 students seniors 6 18 younger free free first wednesday sunday month open monday saturday 10 5 sunday noon 5 1250 new york ave nw 202 783 5000 national postal museum queen stamps changed world jan 11 permanent galleries mail moving mail binding nation customers communities artistic license duck stamp story art cards letters stamps stories open daily 10 5 30 2 massachusetts ave ne 202 357 2700 tdd 202 633 9849 natural history ancient microworlds sept 15 stabiano exploring ancient seaside villas roman elite oct 24 baseball america oct 3 open indefinitely kenneth e behring hall mammals forces change global links el nino powerful reach african voices rex life ancient seas frozen time iceman native alaskan cultures janet annenberg hooker hall geology gems minerals orkin insect zoo open daily 10 5 30 10th constitution nw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 naval heritage center permanent rotating exhibits ship models artifacts photographs memorabilia open monday saturday 9 30 5 free u navy memorial 701 pennsylvania ave nw 202 737 2300 navy museum spanning three centuries museums washington navy yard vision history securing seas union victory american revolution french alliance forgotten wars 19th century joshua barney chesapeake bay flotilla commodore perry opening japan polar exploration spanish american war dive dive u navy submarine force open appointment monday friday 9 4 saturday sunday 10 5 building 70 washington navy yard ninth se 202 433 6897 202 433 4882 octagon aerospace design art engineering nasa aeronautical research dec 5 open friday sunday tuesday thursday 10 4 5 students seniors 4 1799 new york ave nw 202 638 3105 old guard museum old guard today old guard history open monday saturday 9 4 sunday 1 4 building 249 sheridan avenue fort myer arlington 703 696 6670 phillips collection august sander photographs german landscape aaron siskind new relationships photography revelation georges rouault work sept 5 permanent collection 19th 20th century european american paintings special exhibition admission 10 seniors students 8 18 free admission permanent collection voluntary donation weekdays artful evenings thursdays 5 8 30 8 includes musical performance open friday saturday tuesday wednesday 10 5 sunday noon 5 thursday 10 8 30 closed monday 1600 21st st nw 202 387 2151 radio television museum permanent collection working vintage radios televisions related memorabilia open saturday sunday 1 4 appointment 2608 mitchellville rd bowie 301 390 1020 301 809 3088 renwick right home american studio furniture jan 17 permanent collection american crafts open daily 10 5 30 17th pennsylvania nw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 arthur sackler gallery caliphs kings art influence islamic spain oct 17 perspectives ho suh sept 26 return buddha qingzhou discoveries aug 8 faith form selected calligraphy paintings japanese religious traditions july 18 open indefinitely fountains light islamic metalwork nuhad es said collection luxury arts silk route empires metalwork ceramics ancient iran sculpture south southeast asia arts china open daily 10 5 30 1050 independence ave sw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 dillon ripley center fine art miniature monday open daily 10 5 30 1100 jefferson dr sw 202 357 2700 tdd 202 357 1729 sewall belmont house permanent exhibits women suffrage equal rights memorabilia suggested donation 3 open tuesday friday 11 3 saturday noon 4 144 constitution ave ne 202 546 1210 textile museum one one much jan 2 timeless connections exploring tapestry weave aug 1 hand electronic age contemporary tapestry sept 5 rotating exhibitions textiles carpets around world open monday saturday 10 5 sunday 1 5 suggested contribution 5 2320 st nw 202 667 0441 treasury department tours treasury building available advance reservation saturdays 10 10 20 10 40 security approval required 15th pennsylvania nw 202 622 0896 tudor place permanent display mount vernon objects furniture silver 1816 mansion five acre garden open tours tuesday saturday 10 4 sunday noon 4 house tour 6 garden tour 2 1644 31st st nw 202 965 0400 u botanic garden permanent exhibitions 4 000 plants tropical rain forest open daily 10 5 admission free 100 maryland ave sw 202 225 8333 u holocaust memorial museum deadly medicine creating master race oct 16 exhibits photographs artifacts open daily 10 5 30 admission permanent exhibit timed entry ticket available museum tickets com 703 218 6500 800 400 9373 service charge added 100 raoul wallenberg pl 15th street sw 202 488 0400 art spaces opening show american center physics paintings photographs sculpture five artists oct 22 1 physics ellipse college park 301 209 3125 american u belisario contreras world war ii drawings july 16 watkins gallery bender library american university 4400 massachusetts ave nw 202 885 1670 arlington national cemetery taps indefinitely memorial bridge jefferson davis highway arlington 703 607 8052 arts club washington arts club members show july 31 2017 st nw 202 331 7282 bead museum naga tribal adornment signatures status self dec 23 permanent displays beads around world open wednesday saturday 11 4 sunday 1 4 400 seventh st nw 202 624 4500 beall dawson house perfect dress july 25 103 w montgomery ave rockville 301 762 1492 blackrock center arts q quilt art july 19 12901 town commons dr germantown 301 528 2260 brazilian american cultural institute paintings raquel taraborelli july 20 4719 wisconsin ave nw 202 362 8334 embassy canada underworld photographs barbara cole aug 27 501 pennsylvania ave nw 202 682 1740 federal reserve board rodin words selections iris b gerald cantor foundation aug 22 open weekdays advance reservation required 20th c nw 202 452 3778 glenview mansion metal works jane asher paintings elyse harrison clay sculpture terry whye saturday july 27 603 edmonston dr rockville 240 314 8682 howard u hospital new frontiers medicine medical service research education howard university hospital indefinitely freedmen hall 2041 georgia ave nw 202 865 6629 idb viva haiti contemporary art haitian diaspora aug 6 idb cultural center inter american development bank 1300 new york ave nw 202 623 3774 imf paintings wassef boutros ghali sunday international monetary fund 700 19th st nw maryland federation art go figure juried mixed media exhibition aug 8 18 state cir annapolis 410 268 4566 mclean project arts question abstract art divided space reality check july 31 mclean community center 1234 ingleside ave mclean 703 790 1953 mexican cultural institute diego frida smile middle road aug 27 2829 16th st nw 202 728 1628 montpelier cultural arts center normandy portraits 60th anniversary normandy invasion aug 21 12826 laurel bowie rd laurel 301 953 1993 tdd 301 490 2329 national zoo amazonia science gallery habitat vanishing pollinators indefinitely education building bird paradise lost indefinitely 3001 connecticut ave nw 202 673 4717 quiet waters park works potomac valley watercolorists aug 1 600 quiet waters park rd annapolis 410 222 1777 white house visitor center white house war 1941 1945 sept 19 furnishing nation home treasures president house indefinitely 1450 pennsylvania ave nw 202 208 1631 women military service america memorial partners winning war december permanent exhibitions world war ii korean war artifacts memorabilia arlington national cemetery memorial bridge jefferson davis highway arlington 800 222 2294 galleries opening show district david adamson dc portfolio 2004 works 10 artists july 30 406 seventh st nw 202 628 0257 bird hand paintings heather dee rbertson aug 28 323 seventh st se 202 543 0744 conner seven things like july 31 1730 connecticut ave nw 202 588 8750 kathleen ewing images italy seven photographers july 17 1609 connecticut ave nw 202 328 0955 flashpoint contained existence installation ami martin wilber thursday aug 14 916 g st nw 202 315 1310 foundry group membership show aug 15 9 hillyer ct nw 202 387 0203 fraser georgetown works margaret mccann john jacobsmeyer july 4 1054 31st st nw 202 298 6450 fusebox installations charles juhasz alvarado summer group show saturday aug 7 1412 14th st nw 202 299 9220 g fine art jefferson suite works carrie mae weems july 31 926 n st nw rear 202 333 0300 gallery 10 gallery 10 celebrates 30 years high speed aug 24 1519 connecticut ave nw 202 232 3326 hemphill works sally mann arlene shechet july 31 1027 33rd st nw 202 342 5610 irvine works sean foley philip knoll bede murphy aug 14 1710 connecticut ave nw 202 332 8767 marninart paintings sculpture giuseppe maraniello sept 4 406 seventh st nw 202 347 3327 marsha mateyka paintings sculpture prints drawings craig dennis jae ko kathleen kucka andrea way july 24 2012 r st nw 202 328 0088 nzen photographs jim guzel july 25 425 eighth st se 202 543 8162 numark works nikki lee july 24 625 27 e st nw 202 628 3810 parish works donnette cooper david boothman tuesday 1054 31st st nw 202 944 2310 ralls collection east west asian aesthetic aug 28 1516 31st st nw 202 342 1754 elizabeth roberts photographs david smith dan schwarz colin montgomery july 17 2108 r st nw 202 232 1011 spectrum prisma four photographers four visions aug 1 1132 29th st nw 202 333 0954 studio works amy davis karen deans stan wenocur sunday 2108 r st nw 202 232 8734 studio upstairs paintings mindy wiesel willy heeks glass works steven weinberg photographs stephen petegorsky thursday 1032 33rd st nw 202 333 7021 touchstone take 10 works 10 photographers aug 8 406 seventh st nw 202 347 2787 troyer ceramics randy johnston saturday 1710 connecticut ave nw 202 328 7189 washington printmakers group member exhibition july 18 1732 connecticut ave nw 202 332 7757 watergate paintings stephen bates thursday 2552 virginia ave nw 202 338 4488 zenith ready wear tribute art clothing july 18 413 seventh st nw 202 783 2963 maryland artfx paintings jimmy reynolds july 30 45 west st annapolis 410 990 4540 arts barn paintings coleen ryan rivera july 18 311 kent square rd gaithersburg 3 301 258 6394 creative partners glass sculpture karl metsch aug 7 4600 east west hwy bethesda 301 951 9441 fraser bethesda survey contemporary photography july 17 7700 wisconsin ave bethesda 301 718 9651 gallery neptune collages david wallace july 31 4808 au. bethesda 301 718 0809 glass summer group show. window havepowaboot true jennifer rubin jennifer rubin opinion writer covering politics policy foreign domestic email bio follow opinion writer february 26 2018 post reports supreme court monday declined enter national controversy dreamers turning trump administration request immediately review lower court decisions keep place program protects undocumented immigrants brought children deportation federal district judges california new york issued nationwide injunctions ending program siding states organizations challenging administration rescission court orders effectively block trump administration ending program march 5 planned appellate court reviewed decisions would exceedingly rare supreme court take case without interim step past court granted cases matters grave national importance controversy president richard nixon white house tapes solving iranian hostage crisis bears repeating decision merits appellate courts lift injunctions time even ruling merits best momentary pause beneficiaries deferred action childhood arrivals daca program well congress president trump trump anti immigrant far right took victory lap president veto threat helped quash viable bill provide relief dreamers however face political nightmare nothing court injunctions lift faced prospect midterms come amidst poignant scenes family separation like teenagers parkland fla demolished national rifle association media spin sympathetic dreamers spent virtually whole lives united states tv nonstop describing contributions america loyalty country one political nightmare especially republicans running states nevada florida california arizona mobilized hispanic voters deliver knockout punches anti daca party barring miraculous conversion house senate republicans solution seems possible gop majorities house senate temporary fix republicans cannot drive hard bargain without running risk setting deportation nightmare also know november may democratic majority one houses therefore interest strike deal one path would trump started entire debacle rescinding daca extend deadline sure attorney general jeff sessions claimed daca unconstitutional nevertheless constitutional administration let program run march 5 2018 march 5 2019 2020 trump claim great savior also spare party pr disaster alternatively congress could put together temporary fix hill reports sen jeff flake r ariz talks sen heidi heitkamp n plan tie three year extension protections deferred action childhood arrivals daca recipients roughly 7 6 billion border security promise back floor motioning vote pass bill providing relief struggling due inaction flake said outlining plan procrastination like serial continuing resolutions become favorite tactic dysfunctional white house inept congress temporary daca fix option congress says cato institute alex nowrasteh favors plan legalize dreamers kicks legislative road least kick 700 000 people country temporary patch satisfy immigration activists seems least horrible alternative world congress functions interest american people would permanent solution border security dreamers sadly world live ali noorani national immigration forum tells seems likely legislative market bear temporary solution dreamers border hope congress get permanent fix three year patch brings stability worksites homes temporary deal also would spare trump confrontation anti immigrant base could claim border money effectively payment wall something like nevertheless even short term fix slam dunk frank sharry heads progressive pro immigration group america voice tells wish could optimistic even two three year extension current daca recipients requires republican leaders grow backbone trump release hostages adds holding breath gop revealed anti immigrant contingent stranglehold party whether gop prepared court political disaster satisfy contingent remains seen read jennifer rubin nra losing grip reality politicians hire relatives kushner gone long ago distinguished persons week ahead politicians guns democratic memo discredits nunes tantalizes dossier corroboration maybe rick gates shed light .

 mariabartiromo  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews we don t trust you snakes   secure the border  fix asylum l .
 mariabartiromo  realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  sundayfutures  foxnews please include daca   daca  senategop  senatedems.
 gop wheres the  wall   why isnt she locked up   why is h1b stealing our jobs still   why are 20k border criminals a m .
rochie eleganta neagra asimetrica din material satinat cu croiala moderna fara maneci perfecta     .
 bbrandt 1960  no daca hopefully  democrats will vote strait republican in 2020  or socialism will no longer be talk  it will be a reality .
dac dumnezeu prin snge a demonstra iubirea fa de noi  atunci popa de ce nu demonstreaz i el iubirea de dumnez .
graas a deus presidente  vsa excelencia esta de parabens de acaba c a maldiao do tomala dac .
tu daca te brinda beneficios  entrate lo que debes saber sobre  daca  si tienes dudas  acrcate a tu consulado de .
cu ocazia arderii catredalei notre dame vreau sa va intreb daca vrea cineva sa faca s x cu mine.
the asu   cal doesnt care about undocumented students  theyre asking those who applied to a scholarship geared to .
 illinois is broke dont  force citizens to pay for  daca illegals and foreigners  medicaid   chicago .
give daca recipients a chance to create a better future for themselves  let they stay     supportdaca  msw52101 .
 realdonaldtrump  potus yes   now we can get back to your agendas and work on solving the immigration problem   dac .
 brittan09737431  thehill  realdonaldtrump  potus  presssec that was a quote from obama  when the repubs obstructed .
 nebrasksa  immigration laws are the domain of federal government states can not change  daca illegals status even .
 alexandraboala greu de intretinut daca e tinut in casa dar e cea mai minunata fiinta de pe planeta.
daca is a fabulous person and fabulous woman .
 ruggiere l  no daca i control if i become pregnant or not .
good job  icegov do t let  democrats dangerous  sanctuarycities that wont deport criminal illegal foreigners deter .
 kristinmmurray  fredsfinger1  ktumulty  mollyjongfast ex   daca   the democrats had their brainwashed followers ab .
emelec jugando de toma y daca    manejando los tiempos   bien matamoros y guerrero.
liviu dragnea  despre o posibil nunt cu irina tnase  nici mcar nu tiu dac accept .
 daca  heretostay  dreamers  msw52101 .
 daca  heretostay  dreamers  msw52101 .
 trump2078661114  anncoulter no end to daca  or chain migration  more illegals than under obama  no swamp drain  no .
hardworking  low unemployment  low  crime  deport them   via  smedian network      medium  medium  blog  essay .
dac vorbesc cu tine chiar dac e noapte  nseamn ca eti important.
 funder  windmillcharger its like imagine if you took that money and use it to fund aca  daca  flints water probl .
dac vezi asta s tii c mi e dor de tine   .
ntrebarea e dac merdenelele se mnnc i de pate i de florii     .
avand in vedere ca doar dupa ora 11 imi amintesc ca i dont like being single  poate ar fi o idee sa ma culc la 10 m .
ntrebarea e dac merdenelele se mnnc i de pate i de florii     .
ai grij de tine  c dac nu   nu voi avea cu cine s m cstoresc .
aa aflai dac cineva v spioneaz telefonul    ihabar .
what do israel  saudi and the us have in common      allies  of trump  russia is an adversary but their influence o .
 nodacaf  no daca  saracarterdc sf is pelosi territory so let her deal with it  latino countries have never produce .
viata este un mic joc  daca stii cum sa joci totul e bine dar daca nu stii totul se termina .
60288afe daca 4c1d a7cd 20f43e99931f.
trump hired israelis  amp  saudis to help him win election against hillary    while    hillary hired uk  nz  aus  a forme .
 danke asig  mikibuzarnescu daca te ai uita in oglinda  ai realiza ca tu esti o epava  mi am dat seama din comentar .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump  pilleddem omar stole  thats a dimm resume enhancement  right along with racism and lying  both she has down pat .
dac i da lumea seama ca ai 2 fete  nu o sa mai ai prieteni i spun eu.
representative benghazi  a man of tremendous courage and grit  may someday be recognized as a daca.
 alyssa milano still awaiting on those daca kids you were sobbing about not too long ago  of the yesteryears  indictmentsarecoming.
 sierra3362  no daca  reprashida  congressethics  fbi .
daca nu se strang  sigur mai raman    .
trump hired israelis  amp  saudis to help him win election against hillary   it s reason trumps bends over for israel  amp  .
dac ai greit ceva ti se spune prost  dac ai mncat prea mult ti se spune gras  dac ai o imperfeciune ti se spu .
  chuupiter daca are legatura cu videou ala im sorry.
 antonrd13 dac ai chiroane in mine i in picioare i pr lung    da.
   mooncactus   dac vb de palinc in loc de vin dionysus era nr 1.
am zis ca mi place  eh daca n am zis ma fac de ras acum  so  nunca te olvidare .
 bernieblackout evidence  465      berniewouldhavewon  bernie2020 will deliver our stolen promise   medicareforall .
 chiefnavysnipe  no daca  rl9631  unstoppablemaga  ilhanmn  potus  devinnunes  housegop  ilhan these women will not remain in office long .
 gtfomaaria mai taci in mortii lu ma ta ca daca nu ti aruncai hainele peste tot nu tipam.
 heyitscarolyn  no daca hmmmmm the nypd will stop this  lol.
profesor  dac jungkook are 8 cutiue de banana milk i tu i iei 5 dintre ele  cu cte cutiue de banana milk rm .
daca sunteti cu manele  ignorati ma   fratia noastra  .
 antoniodvx  antonaccigabria daca erai la noi aici erai demult fr cap i dat la caini.
 kylegriffin1 we the people are not interested in what uncle jerry will accept  for 2yrs now we have watched the de .
absorbia fondurilor europene a ajuns la 19 21   respectiv 28  dac sunt adugate i plile directe din agricultur .
 mtracey he should be impeached for his lies about building a wall  ending daca and enforcing our existing immigration laws  .
 edcodes salut baieti aici suntem citiva romani care jucam daca vreti si voi sa fim impreuna va asteptam la noi ne .
renewing daca is fucking expensive .
 bulletbill1013  shirakawakaede  realcandaceo exclusion on the right  we have homosexuals like scott pressler and b .
daca crezi ca esti singura fata cu care vorbeste  te neli amarnic .
daca te simti vreodata singur  gandeste te la toate sosetele din dulapul meu care nu si au mai gasit perechea de 2 ani.
 thehill like daca .
i dont know what rand pauls poistion on immigration is  for one part  hes been pretty anti middle east immigrati .
 heyitscarolyn  no daca this will fly like a lead brick  brooklyn will not tolerate this at all .
 oshlobanul a zis duomnu  c dac ntreab cineva ceva de duamna s i se spuie c nu e acas  c cic nu i lupoaic .
 a month earlier  in december  trump had invited slim       for dinner at mar a lago   that evening   trump asked s .
 lilrexcaesar violenta nu e okay  dar sa zicem ca a avut curaj cineva sa i arate ca nimeni nu o v a ajuta daca are fite in cur .
paste linitit tuturor catolicilor  apropo  nu tiu dac v am spus vreodat  dar sunt catolic.
next at  wier2019  genna liu from  dartmouth   daca eligibility increased people s tendency to make in state moves  .
daca ar face asta si carturesti .
 mitchellvii remember the schumer shutdown  trump offered them amnesty for twice as many daca recipients as obama a .
 with       the carlos slim foundation  unam  latin america s largest university  is offering free in person inform .
 acceso latino offers free legal aid from pro bono lawyers and information on loans to pay for the  700 naturalizat .
 slim  mexico s richest person  has been critical       of trump s anti immigrant policies        slim addressed u  .
 antoniatxt daca vreau sa mor instant da.
 pattyarquette  senatorromney and where the hell were u  pattyarquette when obama really was shredding the constitu .
ni har vl inte missat daca vl  kolla in allt de gr fr barn som har det tufft  .
tot vin tacuti si pioi catolicii  cu sfanta lumina  de la biserica lor de peste drum    foarte frumos spectacolul d .
nu mai promiteti lucruri daca stiti ca nu va puteti tine de promisiuni.
 daca .
 annieoldenough  adam4conservtru  hssfjeannie  teamrope  delemancha  lrihendry  sidneypowell1  kennedynation  potus .
 therrienv  adam4conservtru  hssfjeannie  teamrope  delemancha  lrihendry  sidneypowell1  kennedynation  potus how .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump .
sigue el toma y daca en el inicio de la 2 parte  anota christine sinclair su segundo tanto  segunda asistencia par .
dac nu mi zicei mine i la fraii mei catolici paste fericit i mi zicei sptmna viitoare la ortodoci va sparg pe toi.
premierul cehiei nu va demisiona  chiar daca va fi pus sub acuzare pentru frauda cu fondurieuropene .
n seara asta m am suprat ru pe psd  dar s a modificat textul i bunul sim m face s zic mulumesc  doar usr nu .
 iulianamty  ioanitoaia  adriano qld  daninhodj  romeekay imi pare rau           daca erai aici  cu cea mai mare placere impartaseam.
i heard this from a lawyer  its because weed isnt legalized by the federal governement and even if its legalized .
 drek preference  repdeanphillips you mean like when mccain  rubio  and graham were sponsors of the 2013 immigratio .
 metallgurll  theytukerrrjobs  no daca  fairimmigration  realdailywire  emzanotti the number of followers is not im .
cargo   daca ploaia s ar opri  official video  .
dacian ciolo l trolleaz pe liviu dragnea  care i a avertizat pe romni c vor rmne fr case  frigidere i ar .
nu mai interpreta prost  dac nu nelegi  nu comenta .
 sassykadik remember when it make sense to go high when they went low  then we saw sexual assault victims ignored  .
sunt pregtit pentru orice meci  nu se tie dac va juca mladenovic  i ei i pot schimba echipa  i noi putem s .
 moonchiidnvm  grapeboijoon stai daca n ai cur cum iti bagi pepenele in el    .
daca corpul uman contine 70  apa nu esti grasa  esti inundat      .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 moonchiidnvm  grapeboijoon baga ti pepenele ala in cur daca tot iti place atata de mult.
buzrnescu e favorit cu mladenovic la pariuri        franuzoaica are 2 i ceva  mi se pare cea mai gratuit cot .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 ianbremmer except when it come to  daca  then who needs checks and balances .
dragi susintori psd  nu mai mergei la mitinguri  stai acas i pzii v aragazul i frigiderul      vor s se de .
 repjerrynadler we the american people want need to move on    legislatenotinvestigate no more  taxdollars on .
salut fratii mei din iasi care au dat cu  muiepsd pana cand prnaliu au fugit ca sobolanii de acolo  vorba lui .
eb 5 will you invest  directly into a business or choose the eb 5 regional center       visas  cap  daca  lawyer .
 marcos daca que.
dac i astea mai sunt glume  poate exagerai  poate  .
  lor3scu  dac ce mnnci e gustos .
senadores buscan abrir puertas del congreso a beneficiarios de daca    .
dac a putea sa scot din tl postrile despre xyz partid   0 la cub om politic si cele cu  u i a fi recunoscator twitterului .
 savagenamu cica se rezolva daca il lasam mai mult liber prin curte  nici mie nu mi ar placea sa fiu intr o cusca d .
shitty public service commissioners are going to be shitty public service commissioners   sos  gustave .
 ai dat mesaj cuiva spunnd    scuze  persoana greita    te ai nregistrat cntnd sa vezi dac ia voce sau doar tu .
dac  got ar fi fost un anime    .
tii ce am neles io din campania asta electoral    c dac vin pnl i usri csolosz la guvernare unii ne iau la b .
 meanlin1  mboes73 trumps been in office for two years immigration reform has been kicked down the road since reaga .
icymi  this bill and similar proactive policies would open the door for immigrant youth to access opportunities wi .
democrat party illegal alien  dreamer  with felony convictions for abusing women deported back to mexico   media ge .
 nodacaf  no daca  saracarterdc it s getting worse i can see it happening    not many connect the dots     why are .
dac ne place parabellum i mai vrem john wick  reeves  livreaz   .
ados facts   why we created the movement answering the critics of  ados   aoc  tariqnasheed .
dac o pasre n colivie nu cnt din dragoste  ea cnt plin de furie .
premierul cehiei nu va demisiona  chiar daca va fi pus sub acuzare pentru frauda cu fonduri europene .
deci daca e ce cred eu ca e eu mor        .
daca te plac   asta nu inseamna ca te las sa ma joci in picioare .
 serbianinfidel nita mrka  daa  vulva  kradoman boovi  govan mati  zoka brusli  buljubaa risti   .
premierul ceh nu demisioneaz chiar dac va fi pus sub acuzare pentru fraud  spun de la nceput c aceasta este o .
 btsromaniaproj1  dorinaionescu21  bts twt ok  data viitoare o s fiu mai atent  mi pare ru dac am suprat pe cineva.
coaie doar eu cred ca toi prietenii sunt erpi  adic dac va certai instant afla tot oraul ce ai fcut tu acum .
the democrats latest plan gives  amnesty to already deported  daca illegals   nationalsecurity  buildthewall .
 rfboris vaaaai  daca nu a avut elicopterul pregatit  daca suna 112 venea macar unul smurd  facea zgomot de acoperea fanfara .
 speakerpelosi the feelings of a  daca person who found out  after months of hard work  they cannot serve their com .
when you think about it   obama administration was more friendly towards  daca kids whose parents you can argue kne .
 speakerpelosi the feelings of a  daca person close to me  i have to watch this persons heart break constantly  en .
dac m ai intreba pe mine  mai bine donau oamenii bani pentru assange i wikileaks  nu notre dame  dar nimeni nu m .
nu zic ca s paranoica dar daca bate vantul si zboara frunzele o iau la fuga ca am impresia ca s in birdbox.
degeaba ne am iubit  dac destinul nu ne a vrut mpreun .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 gabrielluca88  veronik dan daca stii sa pui si becuri  esti numai bun de insurat    .
nu neleg de ce se mai vnd igri dac nu sunt bune    .
premierul cehiei  miliardarul andrej babis  a declarat smbt c nu va demisiona  chiar dac va     .
.
de te freac pe tine grija de mine dac nu mai vreau sa fim prietene .
 taesdazai alocatia poti sa o primesti pana termini a 12a indiferent daca ajungi major intre timp sau nu  numa ca t .
stie cineva dac pana la urma urmei sf  gheorghe e pe 23 sau pe 29   ca din sursele mele e posibil sa nu ajung pe p .
duku  hmm imi e cam somn cred ca ma culc  creierul lui duku  nu si daca iri aduci aminte chestii cringe pe care le ai fcut acum 8 ani .
 oldtom morris  markholmlund  ralstonreports  jonahnro so therefore  when conservatives say things like sorry  dac .
 argosisa douche  marrie69054223  pjoyfarra  nzhippygirl  hsbanik  cocrowe  adevotedyogi  kevinardery  mpo619 .
 aperitifminor era solo metafricamente  me refiero a que si su hija daca carcter conmigo no me va a molestar  me .
 cezararadu2 orice zi e naspa daca n ai cu cine sa o petreci.
 juicebox tango  wish tv i am not upset with report   i am upset with demoncrats  more    being wasted   resist  o .
 anam bts  dorinaionescu21  btsromaniaproj1  bts twt nu suntei obligai s ascultai dac nu v place  era mai bin .
 flepster556  cwazupj  aprildryan lmaooo hes hiding his face because he might be a daca kiddo from the sanctuary state of cali .
daca iti dau seen la story din primele 10 secunde 5 minute inseamna ca vreau sa iti dau add pe lol.
dac hong kong are simphony of lights  bucureti are spotlight festival     si trotinete electrice wolf e  .
the crimes they commit in mexico  they spread to the us via caravans  illegal immigration  zero consequences  what .
dar dac te prind  paraschivo   la urn cu alt barosan  i iau frigiderul i i iau aragazul  te las s mnnci raw v .
 prinilor     mamei   parfum  flori  haine  ciocolat    tatei   parfum  haine  ceva pt main  daca are   produse de .
  antjuansea how can biden defend legislation that is unconstitutional  we should not have laws that violate the co .
 senatordurbin unlike current 800k daca recipients since i didn t come before 2008  i was never qualified for daca  .
 no daca  realdonaldtrump let s see them all .
acum  dac ce m am machiat frumos  cu tu pe la ochi  m gndesc s tai nite ceap  .
 delrayavener  oscararchie6  gtconway3d  realdonaldtrump   repeal replace aca    build border wall that mx will cov .
gran canasta de  oriolpauli7   muy fcil lundberg  dos  responde eriksson  hay tm en pista  2 44 para acabar el prime .
dac pentru dvs  venirea primverii nu nseamn doar muguri i copaci nflorii ci i congestie nazal  strnutat  .
premierul ceh va refuza s demisioneze chiar dac va fi inculpat pentru fraud   .
 kylemonjelly  mikedorning  suebanski what   congress offered a deal   trump killed daca to feed his party s bigotr .
ministerul muncii va trimite ntiinri pensionarilor pentru a i anuna dac i cnd primesc pensia recalculat   .
ministerul muncii va trimite ntiinri pensionarilor pentru a i anuna dac i cnd primesc pensia recalculat .
cum ii sperie psd pe oamenii simpli  de la tara  daca liviu dragnea va pleca  vor pleca si alocatiile  vor pleca s .
premierul ceh nu va demisiona dac va fi pus sub acuzare  preedintele anun c l nu va demite   un prim ministru .
daca iti dau un pumn te spargi in figuri .
dos proyectos de ley buscan bajar el costo de matrcula a  estudiantes con  daca  nc  waddellsenate40  wileynickel .
rspunsul neateptat a lui dagnea la ntrebarea dac a decis datanunii .
interviu regizorul jacques audiard  e un tip de pricepere pe care l avei  care nu tiu dac mai e nfrana .
1 concentreazate i nu ntra n panica   te grbi  3 citeste cu atenie enuntul .
heads up  gop elder scam  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 fretsward  no daca  fairimmigration  breitbartnews  jxhnbinder me either  so many ways have been tried to force en .
now u know how it feels for 8 obama years we had to endure a pretty puppet master  violating the constitution  daca .
paying  500 to renew my daca today  uff.
 notsosweetlou24  gop he was willing to compromise and give amnesty to the daca kids   dems said no .
stai chill  arpe  ca dac i am luat veninul nu mai ai ce sa faci .
not once did she say  i m f    d   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
 billpuerta79  gildelatorre1  misskilauea  recomtogadaraya  jhlasa o sea  q no os leis las fuentes originales y ti .
 sofarky  daca as posta acuma un edit cu clt ai fi interesata.
 shenwood55  twzinger  aclu  writestruths daca must follow the current rules  the issue for them is that there is n .
 ilhanmn read congressional history  the democrats have also failed to act on immigration when they had the power  .
daca vrei mai pun poze cu chiorii mei preferati.
senadores buscan abrir puertas del congreso a beneficiarios de daca    .
hillary yes   flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
 dbongino  no daca and blow job bill .
si daca vorbesc de marina e mai bine  pe aia nici nu o stii.
 evangelicals hypocrites  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 imanikushan  talibkweli he keeps posting so called receipts but nobody is asking for that  we are asking actual qu .
 washingtonpost the plotting begins   hey what happened with the pressing issues   daca    healthcare   immigration  .
in sfarsit blogul meu arata fix asa cum mi am dorit   lt 3  am scris un articol despre ce a insemnat tot rebranding ul .
 unitedwedream  no daca a non citizen may quote our constitution or the current practice at our border however they .
tomis junior   daca pot sa fac un bine  spiros galati   prin  youtube.
beyond reasonable doubt needed 4 crim conviction higher bar than needed 4 impeachment  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
fetelor  nu mai facei asta    iat 10 lucruri pe care brbaii le dispreuiesc la o femeie  .
 itmorar  eciocu dac nu scrie cu oi pe dealul la bucovina   .
why  impeachtrump read  muellerreport   amp  constitution then  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
stiu ca asa sunt eu in fiecare zi despre clt chiar daca nu zice nimeni nimic asa ca.
cheama l daca esti in probleme    .
in pula mea daca vezi ca am dat volumul tare si ma simt bine nu opresti muzica sa mi povestesti ceva in pula mea.
everyone in america should read these tagged sections of  mueller report get serious then  flipthesenate 2020  aarp .
armed militia triggers democrats by stopping 200 invaders for border patrol  via .
 exdemlatina  chewysantiago00 if obama and the dimbos gave a crap about latino americans  they would have worked to .
   cetenie romn unui numr ct mai mare de romni din republica moldova  acum sunt un milion de oameni cu dubl .
ce daca nu ai voce daca canti goala ai succes garantat    via  youtube.
yes and it had better only be issued to actual citizens not want abees no daca s .
simona  despre victoria de azi  e primul meci oficial pe zgur i e greu s mi dau o not  dar consider c dac am .
expo milano 2015     shizuoka prefecture  japan pr  in english       japan  21 daca.
 doru onet daca doresti bataie pe strada  iti sparg botul cu doi pumni  si ati scot gratuit dantura la plimbare  te bag in ma ta .
mai tudor chirila  continua sa canti  ca asta e menirea ta  nu politica  daca esti lider   rezist  e destul de rau  esti penibil  sa sti  .
 realdonaldtrump time to focus on why three unconstitutional policies remain illegally implemented   1 obamadontcar .
viaa e bine s o trieti fr s o gndeti prea mult  pur i simplu ca i cum ai fi pe vrful unui munte cu para .
300 asylum seekers surrender to armed militia of new mexico citizens  via  mailonline .
 kdwojakowski w obliczu nieuchronnej klski wyborczej panowie z ke s w stanie obiecza absolutnie wszystko  mam je .
tu erai puterea mea  atunci cnd ai plecat ai spus sa fiu tare  dac un telefon nu se ncarc fr ncrctor   cum .
degeaba latrii si incerci sa musti daca ramai fara dinti cand te retragi     .
nu sta pe ganduri  daca ai o idee de afacere  fa ti o firma  noi te ajutam.
40 years later date  congress   will benefit cuts  we have agreed to january 20th  daca beneficiaries should stay away the.
 norrthpier  mikedorning  suebanski congress punted on daca    too afraid of political fallout to support the peopl .
 texasnative3  johncornyn  cnn aaaaahhhhhh hahahaha      hey if you want your doctor you can keep your doctor  lois l .
idee  hai s mai facem mine un rescuedpetstories    adic  posteaz mi n comentarii o foto cu animalul din dotare  .
 adrianacostach5  basarab84 pi da   dac nu ies tot ei  ticloii  e mna ruilor  .
 alemofoxsports penalti igual o mundial do palmeiras       nao foi nada   .
 realdonaldtrump  speakerpelosi  senfeinstein  senatedems  housedemocrats  ilhan  ilhanmn  reprashida democrats wou .
 kausmickey mystery why you keep repeating this rubbish over and over   i guess you just truly can t stand trump   f .
cuvioasa pelaghia din reazani  i dac dumnezeu este cu noi  cine poate fi mpotriva noastr    .
1 intreaba ti prinii daca te lasa   2 gngeste te pe cine sa nvei si vorbeste cu ei el ea sa vezi daca poate pot .
nu nu esti cool daca te tai.
dragnea stabileste luni ce face cu remanierea  am inteles ca abia marti presedintele ar da un semn de viata  nu sti .
finally got my daca id  this used to be such a exciting prospect but tbh it s a scam that shits on immigrants like .
 gop  lizrnc hurricane donalds path of destruction  paris climate accord  iran nuclear deal  asia pacific agreemen .
liviu dragnea  rspuns neateptat la ntrebarea dac a decis data nunii cu iubita sa .
dac mne sara  gizs invie la unguri i catolici  la noi ortodoci  cine mai invie sptmna aviatoare   ntreb pi .
suena joan jett  amp  the blackhearts en toma y daca  dnde ms .
 repdebdingell  housedemocrats improving the lives of illegal immigrants  daca and dreamers  while ignoring your la .
i m starting to think that the house should spend the next 3 6 months passing bills that deal with infrastructure  .
 manekkii       fac maine somon daca ajuta.
 y daca  robibaradel no estamos en democracia es una dictadura porque no hay division de poderes.
democratul sergiu sarbu s a intalnit pentru prima data cu activistul care sta in arest pentru ca l a lovit  intreba .
so happy to be able to partner with carrie hughes and her team at people s mortgage to offer conventional mortgage .
 scarlatescu dac era de sliceuri  poate azi era de ncercat unul  cu moni  care are 1 0 cu garcia  zgur 2016   m .
immigrants and daca recipients are a public benefit  mayorhancock  heretostay.
daca vreau sa beau sampanie imi trebuie motiv  eu cred ca imi trebuie fix pe cineva capabil sa o desfaca   asa ca s .
 atoughbroad  katid22  sexygirl798  taznum8  reginaa1981  lauriespoon  morenverca  wonderbitchtoo  climate bro tk .
 stelian ion usr daca televiziunea locala este agresata ce sa mai vorbim de cetateni   .
dac am fi luptat i vrsat snge n 1940 pentru basarabia  poate c    .
petre ignatencu  63 de ani  triete  din 1989 ncoace  ntr o disonan  n opinia sa  romnia se va dizolva  dac .
 kitavi kasamba  sanuofxi  jaison65628083  publord  breakingbrown it s about bandwidth and resources as .
cand mai aberati cu mancatu de oua ca  vezi doamne  nu omori gaina   ba  o omori   daca e cocos  il omori din prima .
dump   traitortrump   s  gop wake up america  maga  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials .
really  perhaps you should rethink that statement in terms of obama and daca and the aca  amp  clinton  amp  his oval offic .
 unitedwestand  dividedwefail  jobs  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo .
i dac nu v am fi rugat i avertizat    .
 codrutbaciu daca m as intalni cu el   nu mi ar pasa prea mult ce a facut in meci    putintupeunustrica.
 gabyspepe  y daca la debacle comenzo en 1536 con la llegada del sifilitico pedro de mendoza.
dragnea stabileste luni ce face cu remanierea  am inteles ca abia marti presedintele ar da un semn de viata  nu sti .
 y daca por favor anotame en el sorteo de libros .
cum sa nu te simti acasa in sicilia  cand nimeni nu iti acorda priorite pe trecere  soferii vorbesc la tefon cand f .
cnd se nsoar dragnea  eful psd spune c n a stabilit data nunii  nici mcar nu tiu dac accept .
 kylemonjelly  mikedorning  suebanski he killed daca   go back and review what he called support   you may not full .
 briecayne  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
liviu dragnea a spus smbt  dac la termenul din 20 mai se va prezenta la     .
nuevas  ven a probar las daca    ven a  newpierre   tens 3 cuotas sin inters   plan ahora 6 y ahora 12   visit .
 meganjstaylor  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
dragnea  despre numirea noilor minitri  am neles c abia mari preedintele ar da un semn de via  nu tiu dac d un rspuns   .
daca ai alta perspectiva te invitam s o facem pe ma ta cadou   de ce nu  .
 camelia30 0 rmne ntrebarea dac begu sau buzarnescu  chiar i pentru mine.
dragnea  despre termenul limita dat lui iohannis pentru remaniere  am inteles ca abia marti ar da un semn de viata  .
bat clopotele    .
world leaders procrastinated until 2 3 of the entire world was under  muslim control before protecting  wethepeople .
world leaders procrastinated until 2 3 of the entire world was under  muslim control before protecting  wethepeople .
 tine cont de parerea urmaritorilor   daca ai un cont de selfcare posteaza postari utile   imprieteneste te cu urma .
corina creu  aderarea la zona euro ar nsemna un pas enorm nainte  dac romnia va fi pregtit .
 treizecizero dac joac mine  buzrnescu  pierde cu 2 0  slab joc  psihic o .
 realdonaldtrump we knew that the conclusion and obstruction were phony charges  its over  we won  now lets get .
reasons 2 dump  gop  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca .
 no daca probably not because they dont want the pc police and black caucus to jump down their throats  ridiculous.
 gayfortolkien  zachstafford he s a right winger because he supports gun control  abortion rights  medicare4all  da .
don t worry its so far down the sewer it cannot be recovered  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans .
 magdalenamariab  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  joyrhoades1 .
ma enerveaza cnd sunt certat cu iubitul meu si el nu e certat cu mn gen ce esti aa calm dac esti aries   .
thank you mr edward r murrow re incarnate  sethabramson  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u .
daca plural lui gaz e gaze  de ce pluralul lui aragaz e aragazuri  .
 whywekneel  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives  daca  teaparty .
breaking  federal appeals court rules against trump administration on daca .
ahora suena bajan de pescado rabioso en toma y daca  ponemos slo one hit wonder .
 intra acum pe noul chat romanesc  un chat online imbunatatit si sigur  vino pe chat online .
 kamalaharris all talk and no action  we cant grow as a country until 4 things happpen  1equal pay for women  2 women .
o imagine face ct 1 000 de cuvinte diar dac nu tii s citeti .
why do u think  northkorea k j un wants trump 2 remove sos pompeoits because he knows he can manipulate .
  realdonaldtrump you could pivot bigly  work on fixing aca and getting an m4a option on exchanges  trade daca for .
 era un urs foarte detept  ntruct ursul  dac a mncat ntr o sear din gospodrie  a doua sear se ntoarce tot .
so clear now  impeachtrump  flipthesenate 2020  aarp  blm  veterans  p2  1u  millennials  metoo  marchforourlives .
 taesdazai pai gen daca mergi la album si gem dai sa vezi melodiile nu are optiune sa unblock it.
i need help now that i m offered health insurance via employment  this daca recipient is absolutely clueless with t .
suena bloodrock en toma y daca  genialidad .
1 folosete creme sau alifii in locul lotiunilor  2 dac pielea minilor tale este uscat i crpat  poart n gea .
 eciocu dac n ai zdrobit strugurii cu picioarele  cu ndragii suflecai  n ai fcut nimic  nu are cum sa fie bun .
stop  legislate not investigate    pass immigration bill  pass namca  pass infrastructure legislation  pass  daca  build wall.
 daca lib  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab .
daca iti trimit meme uri inseamna ca tin la tine si vreau sa ti ridic moralul.
daca aseara am avut parte de o super  captura    astazi pe  velierul  haimana  s a pregatit cea mai copioasa masa .
daca aseara am avut parte de o super  captura    astazi pe  velierul  haimana  s a pregatit cea mai copioasa masa .
 ltimahora  el asesinato de nusrat jahan rafi  de 19 aos  caus indignacin en bangladesh y puso bajo escrutinio l .
liviu dragnea   daca vom merge cu guvernul in parlament pentru restructurare  avem majoritate  .
give the public the whole story about the grey not black amp  white vaccine story truth matters the public r not idiots .
 global occupant  stevetiger999 schumer offered trump billions for the wall in exchange for daca  trump then demand .
dac m strigi pe strad i nu i rspund cel mai probabil am ctile n urechi i nu te aud  dar dac nu le am nseamn c te ignor.
i took 56 broads and gets caught  security would not one if they go home test  what the daca expires .
liviu dragnea  atac la adversarii politici  numai daca iti urasti propriul popor atat de mult cat o fac ei poti sa .
ateapt   dac nu vine prinu  vine vreun nebun care s te iubeasc .
 adi ninu  clotilde armand dac tot vorbim despre asta    atenie  majoritatea simpatizanilor    pun nu pune  ac .
 scottmgreer  anncoulter i think you got this wrong charlie  ivanka has not been the best help for her dad  neither .
 mdbolsover  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mrsbeggloves  magdalenamariab  joyrhoades1 .
 mrsbeggloves  2robinlyons  shayleesoleil  danielpollock  notjamessmart  mdbolsover  magdalenamariab  joyrhoades1 .
daca tot ma intrebi ce fac  nu ma lasa dupa cu seen .
 cdn37 por un lado esta muy bien  por otro lado  que aportes da la iglesia catolica a pais  todo san toma y nada de san daca .
ce penibili is aia care daca nu le accepti sa te urmareasca sterg si incearca iar  .
 daca recipient fernando  im on track to graduate in may 2021  but that milestone seems so far off bc my future i .
a  daca recipient who has lived here since he was just four continues to wait for permanent protections  i love ma .
 iraphahell zvonurile despre ps5 nu sunt zvonuri   sunt reale si dezvluite de ctre   developer   dac l pot numii asa   .
dr  pamir  neurochirurg  durerea este cel mai important simptom  dac este persistent  zilnic i apare dimineaa .
nou  oltenilor  ne place s ne credem inteligeni  nesimirea o punem pe seama inteligenei i credem c  dac nu .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 boadmin gavedaca freecollege without require .
liviu dragnea  atac la adversarii politici  numai dac i urti propriul popor att de mult ct o fac ei poi s .
 mueller   mueller a man of untouchable character with numerous associates spends 2 yrs  basically looking for a crim .
liviu dragnea  atac la adversarii politici .
has democrats helped dreamers daca  no  has democrates helped border patrol ice  no  has democrats secured our southe .
nu cred c e recomandat celor care i fac cruce de fiecare dat cnd trec pe lng o biseric  special fiind destu .
primar psd pacani  dou dosare penale am avut i eu  ca domnul dragnea  din punctul sta de vedere  suntem la fel  .
 ruggiere l  no daca socialism is for those who think the government should have complete control of every aspect o .
 claudiunasui nu mai sintem in 89  sa ne omoare  in puscaarii si cu gloante  acum daca vreti democratie si stat de .
b  dar dac eu am reou electric  mi l confisc aia de la usr i    cc  clotilde armand.
 teampelosi dems need to talk about the issues  like daca   hc when addressing media  keep the impeachment talk beh .
what s being missed   most people complain when economy is bad but expect it to be good  amp  take that for granted  my .
dac te salut nu nseamn ca te plac dobitocule .
daca ai adevar     bazat pe ultima cifra a lunii nasterii   1 2   tag celei mai bune prietene  3 4   ai vrea sa iesim .
sper ca v am ajutat   dac vrei urmtorul selfcare va fi cu metodele mele persoanale de organizare n ceea ce priv .
 grapeboijoon mmmhmmm nu suna asa bine  nu stiu daca pot sa te cred.
bencarson should be investigated  amp  tried for perjury      two weeks ago  carson testified at a congressional hearing .
 cnnpolitics officially  ridiculous   can we not focus on climate change  or infrastructure  or the earth shatterin .
e de luat aminte  mai ales dac eti membru psd  n aceeai zi  liberalii fac plimbare prin alexandria  iar dragnea .
 basarab84 aia ziceam si eu  daca pe aia de voteaza usr doi si un sfert ii inteleg ca nu stiu ce fac luati de avant .
degeaba ai tu multa crema daca are gust de c c t .
 agoodhoroscope  jakesastrology  vycanismajoriz djdjds baiatul cravata m a intrebat intai daca stiu ce ascendent am.
 dumnezeu6 si daca ma masturbez fara sa gasesc placere in asta .
 markskrikorian i suppose that daca is set up the same way     just  whatever the applicant says      is golden    .
ncercai civa sa prei populari dar va cearta mami dac stati pana la 5 afara.
 asecase  apte case om avut  fiindc eu am fost corupt   eu doar ase am furat  una napoi am dat   ca sa uite toi la .
ncercai civa sa preti populari dar te cearta mami dac nu eti acas la 5.
dac media vinde informai false propriilor clieni  nu i un fel de malpraxis .
 codrutbaciu dac ajungem cu australia in final la ei acas  parc vd c jucm pe iarb .
excerpt  newsweek    sure you would  rudygiuliani   sure      realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
 kolat ca  tynomag23 pai la locale oricum nu pot vota decat daca se afla in localitatea de resedinta trecuta in buletin  din cate stiu .
airline passenger who demanded restroom assistance died on daca .
liviu dragnea  a declarat vineri la botosani ca daca usr si plus vor ajunge la guvernare atunci vor confisca frigid .
 washingtonpost yes  get a democratic candidate who doesnt look  act  and sound insane  who will support and defen .
de citit articolul  daca nu e timp de carte .
our sniveling  crybaby prez   so sad  too bad      realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews .
esti asa tampita incat daca faci cancer la creier nu te afecteaza cu nimic.
bull   t      realdonaldtrump  lindseygrahamsc  senatorcollins  foxnews  foxandfriends  nra  rncrepublican  gop .
undocumented alien     unable to find employment in speciality  fighting for truth  justice and the american way  due .
 daca dreamers     trump .
come out today  4 20  and  playontheplaza 10am   1pm  daca united hosts pay to play lotera  mexican bingo  and .
ne este frica   nu ne putem controla emotiile     asa este     dar putem sa mentinem frica si alte emotii la o limi .
parcul national muntii rodnei  un loc pe care trebuie sa il vizitezi daca iubesti naturasalbatica  .
montan la barraca y venga tiroriro  y toma traca y daca y luego yo no he sido    qu pena  qu frustracin  qu tris .
montan la barraca y venga tiroriro  y toma traca y daca y luego yo no he sido  faena sin asumir por uno y otro lao .
ca sa stii ce se intampla in justitie trebuie sa te si intereseze justitia nu doar ordinele de la partid  ceea ce i .
 springbill bill  huffpost  barackobama  hillaryclinton  aglynch  jamescomeyfbi  ericholder  repmaxinewaters  potus .
 sethamandel  jaketapper yes     and scenarios like this most assuredly were pervasive in the last several administra .
 cristinapucean1 bun cristina eu sunt o mare fana acesta este nr meu de telefon 0770101915 dac ai vrea sa m suni .
dac passingurile ctigtoare ale simonei v fac s srii automat din fotoliu  s tii c e perfect normal .
povestiri din videle  ce ar fi fost dac nu ajungeau unii la  bucureti i rmneau acolo      vezi c vine usereu  .
dac e smbt  e apropotv pe youtube  emisiunea complet  .
daca nu ati apucat sa luati bilet la evenimentul cu robert kiyosaki din 11 12 mai 2019 dar va doriti sa mergeti va .
ziua internationala a vaccinarii animalelor       vaccinareaconteaza    daca iti iubesti animalul de companie  protejea .
te educ daca ma lasi u u .
dac nici n moldova nu mai ai loc   ar fi bine s o ei din loc   psihopatule   .
kiki  ce scul  dac face apoi un break  e cam groas   fedcup  hairomania.
 emishor daca face fa   pt bani e bine  pt cariera nu prea daca ar fi mai puternic in dueluri poate ar ajunge in alta parte.
unicatelor vedei ca dac de fiecare data cnd suntei in club i vedei o camera de filmat primul vostru instinct .
val de ironii dup ce dragnea a afirmat c usr plus a pus gnd ru frigiderelor  nu s a spus dac ne iau i fierul .
 remusstefan72 nu stiu daca sunt in stare  dar unul dintre visurile mele este s conduc un tir  pn la sfritul a .
 cutremur n romnia  specialitii infp  dac ar fi noaptea  numr victimelor ar fi mai mare   evenimentul zilei .
 ioskap sunt curios daca autoritile noastre  care or fi alea inca am dubii     ii vor pune la plata  pentru ca da a .
 prouddaddy35  amarcusyoung  speakerpelosi what ever happened to her daca campaign  guess they do not matter to her anymore .
dac v masturbai i gsii plcere n asta nseamn c v plac persoanele de acelai sex  trebuia s v o spun .
jesam li jadna ako napisem ovde kako sam upisana na insta   nije zbog followera vec mi se prate novi ljudi  ove sto .
5 semne c eti o mam extraordinar  potrivit psihologilor    fiecare mam i face griji cu privire la creterea c .
oare voi fi vnat de danjarmerie dac va invit sa l primim pe dragnea la bacu asa cum merit   haidei sa aflam cn .
dac nu ai apucat s vizitezi faimoasa catedral  trebuie s tii c ai pierdut cam 850 de ani de istorie    ntr o .
 rafael25672620  matosortho  no daca wait   so you re angry that the media hasn t reported on it  but then admit yo .
da li se  daa odrava u bambilendu .
 thezastru drace  daca gandim la fel poate suntem  cumva in plm frati gemeni separati la nastere.
 writewhale  arimelber i think obama started it by breaking laws  funding terrorist  iran   fast and furious  givin .
n ai cum s fii dezamgit dac n ai ateptri de la nimic.
daca cerul ar putea sa te aduca in viata mea      as culege in palma mea o stea         sa te am pe tine                         .
 v vitai toat ziua c n avei pe cine s votai la europarlamentare  c la e ho  c aia e prea tut  c la e .
oraul orhei este demn de a fi numit cel mai curat i bine amenajat ora din ntreaga ar     dac tot s a fcut cur .
attention  tenants  in atentia chiriasilor  daca aveti data platii setata pentru vineri sau luni  plata va fi intarz .
 teoadi sa vad ce scot oneplus  nu mi place ideea aia retardata de popup selfie camera  altfel un xiaomi o sa fie u .
 m0raru ntre noi vorb s fie  fiindc i eu am ocolit asemenea subiecte  sunt nclinat spre zelenski  simplu   la .
yanoqu dac sin died losdeanteeees  y los que haaaaay  han cambiadoooooo  han cambiadoooooooooooo  s.
 no daca  breitbartnews agree 100 .
dems turn daca kids down twice    .
veti uriae  se dau mai muli bani  vezi dac vei beneficia de majorri    .
.
 charliekirk11  ivankatrump javankas are  globalists  they do not support maga agenda  not so amazing as she works .
 codrutbaciu  corinas racket  camelia30 0      i am mprumutat eu  dac tot n am putut merge .
 mireiacidru  cuadernodeluis  emmariverola ah  no haba entendido la pregunta  ya veo por donde vas  en la edad med .
ne mrim echipa i avem nevoie de tine      dac ai experien n domeniu i eti pasionat de buctria japonez sau .
bem i 7 zile bem  i o lun dac vrem.
dodon l a luat peste picior pe nstase  dup ce acesta l a invitat la o dezbatere public  .
 georgedoga89 action launcher  shutters se numesc  is ca nite foldere  dac dai swipe deschizi folderul  dac dai .
psd incearca sa cumpere votanti pe ultima suta .
dac te opreti din a vorbi cu mine  atunci oprete te i din a mai vorbi despre mine .
bani de la stat penrru sute de mii de romni  vezi dac te ncadrezi   .
daca scoti limba in poze si ai pierce fake in nas nu esti bad bitch esti doar cringe.
 dncwarroom  kanew  senatemajldr sounds like he was talking about obama  not trump  the only thing obvious is despe .
daca barna se baga la aragaze  ciolos la frigidere  eu parca m as orienta catre atm uri .
liderul psd liviu dragnea a ajuns iar subiect de glume n online dup ce a sugerat c romnii risc s rmn fr .
dragnea i avertizeaz pe romni c vor rmne fr case  frigidere i aragaze dac voteaz opoziia  cum i a mo .
 adriano qld  liga1romania liga nu stiu ce poate face in conditiile date  nu au leverage in negocieri  produsul pe .
 smooveopr8r  exdemlatina awesome  now can you tell us how trump has been trying to pass daca   i stopped watching .
 exdemlatina  uxaleri hahahhaha  did he just say trump has been trying to pass daca        good to see youre .
liderul psd a ajuns iar de rsul internetului  nu s a spus dac ne iau i fierul de clcat  c asta n o mai tolere .
 dragnea i avertizeaz pe romni c vor rmne fr case  frigidere i aragazuri dac voteaz opoziia  cum i a m .
 nicholsuprising  ilhanmn  ewarren  aoc  reprashida but you all are the same ones who just loved when obama unilate .
este scrisul terapeutic    este scrisul terapeutic     este scrisul terapeutic      dac nu a fi scris  strile depre .
dodon nu vede rostul unor dezbateri publice cu nstase  dac tare le vrea  ar trebui mai nti s o ntrebe pe maia .
 shotemall daca asta e trendul trebuie sa tina pasul.
all indian airlines are losses because daca ko kiraya na badhe uski chinta he 2300 jobs ki nahi ager airline kiraya .
cum putem ti dac copiii notri i dezvolt vorbirea ntr un mod sntos  potrivit vrstei lor  vorbirea este dif .
 adtormentum doar sa nu fie o victimizare controlata de securisti  ca sa le consolideze firavul si debusolatul elec .
dac suntei n cluj i v plimbai fr o int prin centru  v atept peste dou ore la cluj cowork s vorbim des .
aceast boal cauzat de pine afecteaz tot mai muli romni  mergei imediat la medic dac avei simptomele astea .
 tt197  jeff11069676  danieidean  lstandwithllhan  alterhan  consofcooking1  fnicholasr  yoop3rman  akvawe66 .
  iltmf pai in contextul ila hainele sunt la persoans a 3a  daca conjugi verbul ila la pers 3a va fi hainele se usu .
dac eti n pan de idei pentru a drui un cadou unei persoane speciale  o cutie cu macarons  ampanie rose  lavan .
 toppsta  amhowellwrites  kirstyapplebaum  domrosevalente  darrensimpson44  kidsbloomsbury  usborne  nosycrowbooks .
dac suntei n cluj i v plimbai fr o int prin centru  v atept peste dou ore la cluj cowork s vorbim des .
esti bogat daca ai angajati o noua lectie de afaceri .
9 ceva ciudat    daca vei freca un catel de usturoi pe fiecare unghie acestea vor creste mai repede  lasa usturoiul .
 balarii  ziardecluj catedrala aia nu e numai un monument al frantei  ci al intregii lumi   nu te obliga nimeni sa .
 leoburghezul man daca le copiezi  te rog eu pune si sursa   mersi .
dieta  dietele extreme  mai ales cele sarace in proteine pot cauza o fragilitate a unghiilor  ceea ce incetineste pr .
generatia de azi   ma duc sa fac sex cu ala ca nu mai pot si daca se lasa cu o sarcina  fac avort .
 realdonaldtrump sir  please  no daca  e verify   no birthright  get voting fixed   wall  you promised this country .
remember when my opponents were saying that daca is not obstruction .
the daca program was illegal  but it was also bad from a long term policy perspective  rewarding people who violate .
acesta este tnrul din botoani  zvoritea  care i a strigat lui liviu dragnea c psd ul nu a fcut nimic pentru p .
 officetzetze nici daca erau crescute pe luna   si nu aveau pretul asta  .
esti fan adevarat selly daca ai plans cand  piesa mod avion a fost data jos.
  dac devii interesat de sensul i voaloarea vieii  eti bolnav freud  dac n ai reuit s devii  nc nu ai devenit om  me.
 ruxyghimp vezi dac nu este hotline .
 shotemall nu am nimic impotriva acelora care iau un ajutor social pe merit  ns pentru putori i ar obliga sa munc .
 alexmanoiu1 si daca le ar taia ajutorul  tot exista antena 3 si rtv   .
dac vezi c muntele vine spre tine  i nu eti mahomed  fugi    e avalan .
 shotemall daca i ar pune la munca de unde crezi ca si ar mai lua partidele voturile  mai bine lasa sa avem 500 de .
daca recipient being petitioned by lpr parents questions  process question .
delir pesedist  dragnea i a avertizat pe romni dac vor vota aliana 2020 usr plus   risc s rmn fr case  te .
ta e svi oni nalozi daca nokti  jeca nails itd  sad    .
pa koji bi ja vikenda bio kad ogate konje  verne dacu vie je daa kao daia  i leu moju zlatnu kosaicu  ne bih istimario   .
persoana responsabil de vnzri vorbete   o va furniza supermarketului etc  dac ajunge  dei depinde de pete  c .
se ntoarce la portul su la nceputul lunii iunie la sfritul lunii mai dac este devreme i se ateapt s fie d .
un muzeu tare frumos ntr o localitate n care nu se ntmpl nimic  cum obinuiesc eu s spun despre cheia    mer .
ai animal de companie perfect  joca te cu el  fa i baie daca e nevoie   da i de mancare sau fa o plimbare cu el    .
lawmakers to vote on adding daca  work visa immigrants to medicaid rolls   state politics    .
 silviufoca  ionutzelgabriel  neamielualarau  rmalutan  victore64933334  engambament  itmorar  veronicaelena20 .
unii ma intreaba cu ce ma ocup    daca le spun ca cu nimic  e ciudat  pentru ca fac ceva  totusi  .
 repmattgaetz  realdonaldtrump  pinalcso  repandybiggsaz  sherifflamb1 tell djt 2 give daca their citizenship  amp  he .
dac i tratezii angajatul ca pe un sclav pierzi  o lecie de antreprenoriat epe  a doua lecie  autosabitajul   .
 no daca  breitbartnews thats great news  hopefully no more welfare or assistance of any kind .
10 obiceiuri simple  care i vor schimba viaa dac le faci zilnic .
cand zic bismilah domnul oancu peppino zice pe programul meu si contul meu  ah o stoarfa  20 de ani unde a fost  i .
daca eu ma gandesc la fifty shades atunci cand smiley canta     nu stiu ce mi ai facut  ca m a durut  dar mi a p .
a nceput seria a doua de calificri pentru etapa iii din campionatul naional i balcanic de vitez pe circuit  .
daca ajunge albumul pana marti   atunci poate posta romana are niste drepturi .
 marywalterradio i loved your show last night  ive never heard reparations framed with daca  it was beautiful .
cine s cumpere dac o mn de oameni dein mai mult de jumtate din banii lumi i clieni   .
dac n viaa de zi cu zi nu am alt treab n afar de crescutul copilului  mcar n vis s mai fac i eu cte cev .
te superi daca te intreb de ce esti suprat  no da  cei asta  .
gsit problema i nu i la om ci la angajator  dac nu dau salariul bun nu exist cumprtori  sunt mai muli angaja .
 twayoon dac vedeai ce facem eu in camps  contrabanda cu strongbow  pastile de alergi sparte pe icoane cu carcasa de .
e logic c angajatori i dau singurii peste picior  dac ei opresc toi bani din piaa   adevratul cumprtor car .
adica daca ma duc eu in china nu mai merge sau merge pt ca nu s cetatean.
cte tweeturi cu  dac m ar placea crushul ar fi de cacat  mai trebuie sa fac ca sa se intample .
 daca m as trezi maine cu el la antrenamente  l as imbratisa  e unul dintre cei mai buni din liga 1       teja  despr .
ca necalificat faci toat munca grea  nu tiu dac ai lucrat pe antier  dar necalificatul e un sclav .
sunt curios daca apar reclame electoarale cu  si  cu alde pe torrent  ca ale psd se lafaie acolo de circa o luna .
dragnea despre ce i ar fi spus lui oamenii  chiar dac te aresteaz  venim i te scoatem de acolo  tot dragnea  m .
europa liber la mnstire  sunt surd preacuvioase  dac dau mai ncet nu aud   .
 chreqs lmao fuck em daca sunt biei probabil aveau pla mai mic dect bretonul tau iar daca sunt fete probabil au .
arta de a guverna   noi nu am luat o decizie  dar eu cred c dac am votat o dat guvernul  primul guvern grindeanu .
 kolat ca priveste pentru o clipa si invers  o unire cu a basarabiei cu romania ar introduce pe loc in ue o multime .
 hirjabaa jur ba frate si daca i trimit un meme handicapat de pe scriitorul imd rade pai fmm.
 seriouslyroli it seems that especially with daca recipients they are almost blaming americans for their situation  .
 seriouslyroli i m not trying to be rude at all but in the end all daca recipients should realize that america is b .
cum si caute de munc dac sunt pltii  s nu munceasc  e logic nu  dar se schimb mecheria    .
  du constantin  de ce nu ai iubit  cnd te nsori      dac m ajut dumnezeu   nici anu sta  truestory.
bucharest international 10k 2019  conferinta de presa  bucharest 10k 2019  cursa este duminica  21 aprilie 2019  dac .
bucharest international 10k 2019  conferinta de presa  bucharest 10k 2019  cursa este duminica  21 aprilie 2019  dac .
bucharest international 10k 2019  conferinta de presa  bucharest 10k 2019  cursa este duminica  21 aprilie 2019  dac .
  du constantin  de ce nu ai iubit  cnd te nsori      dac m ajut dumnezeu   nici anu sta   truestory.
                   .
 jucaurma esto fue antes o despus de que separaras el mar rojo  dac ar fi fost dup aceea  va trebui s confies .
daca doriti sa revedeti    .
 lazem cim zinem stvarno   hahahaha  pozdravi daa  voli ga djevojka najvie.
eu daca  stau la colti de buzau in gospodaria bunicilor si imi intra ursul in curte   pina cind sa ma casapeasca el .
 seriouslyroli i think that daca recipients should just start their journey to becoming american citizens like any .
daca simti nevoia weekendul acesta de un film mai light  un film care sa te faca sa plangi si sa razi si sa speri i .
 seriouslyroli and all daca as well as any other immigrants should and must accept the limits that america has put .
 emsleon of both daca and a pathway to citizenship  as you stated in your previous tweets.
 seriouslyroli daca is meant to help the children who are brought here by their parents illegally  a sticking point .
 seriouslyroli when talking about daca recipients the same as the millions of people invading this country is not t .
statul te d afar dac vorbeti  de ce a fost concediat asistenta prot     via  youtube.
if youre undocumented or a daca recipient  amp  youre involved in the cannabis industry  even if its legal  it will b .
 tomchanick youre right  no country is forced to take people in  but inconsistencies between what the administrati .
 sri atunci daca abraham sta pe contul meu uhmshabaka de ce omar nu il omoara pe el si ma asasineaza lent pe mine .
 seriouslyroli i m talking about the daca recipients receiving some form of legal status in this country  not a gre .
 jjfarrier  angelabelcamino  aoc don t dare to say daca students get so many privileges  cause that s a lie.
am un anun i un concurs pe baz de jocuri playstation pentru voi    anunul    dac v bate gndul s v luai un .
 savagenamu stai ca acum am observat    arata ciudat dac te uii asa   hope next time they ll update it it will be smth with pastels.
 emsleon can a person with only their daca documentation apply for citizenship .
 tomchanick for all intents and purposes the daca program is alive and well  just not accepting new applicants .
 tomchanick im talking about the daca recipients looking at the aforementioned proposal as a worse alternative to .
 gigi becali despre varianta devis mangia la fcsb  vine doar dac vrea mihai teja s plece   gazeta sporturilor .
 seriouslyroli when you say get in and be approved are you talking about new daca recipients as an ongoing program  .
 tacicadau ai zis lasa bre  noi sa fim sanatosi  dar cum sa fii tu sanatos daca tu fumezi .
 tomchanick it wouldnt hurt  but i have a strong feeling  given his past actions and statements on daca  that his .
 tomchanick the daca deal that was proposed then would implement stricter qualifications to get in and be approved .
 seriouslyroli he said that a year ago after asking democrats 2 give him money for the border wall  he offered to h .
 seriouslyroli i think that if the daca recipients had a permanent claim to america that daca recipients would just .
dac va accepta delia provocarea i va intra la joc  dup ce va afla ce i a propus magicianul  telespectatorii pot .
nici nu i trebuie mai mult    dac te in genunchii sa urci la etaj .
 realdonaldtrump illegal immigration  including daca  takes opportunity away from americans  amp  legal residents  .
 tomchanick things were done  at the very least  daca was passed  that alone is more direct  positive action for im .
deco kolujte se za nova moderna zanimanja  .
 tomchanick i recognize it is  and thats why proper screening  like how its done for the daca process  is necessary .
dac amenzile ar fi minim 10 000 de lei  iar permisul suspendat pentru minim un an  babuinii ar putea fi mai uor  .


